"x"
"Let the show begin"
"Party in Niagara, Link Me"
"This is why most females and I don't click. All this shit talking behind your back & they smile in your face, bitch no."
"Happy New Years folks!"
"Apparently I awoke last night, whispered in 's ear and fell back asleep. My tender words? \"You smell like popcorn.\""
"Wouldnt give people the Honor of saying they saleing dreams. Those are illusions. Mind Fukery."
"All's well! How are my favorite overseas friends doing today?"
"Interesting comment from that they r looking @ buying SR125 toll road. Didn't know it was in bankruptcy."
"“: Whenever I meet somebody that speaks highly of Nickelback, I know immediately that we will never be friends.”"
"follow please ?(:"
"-chuckles- Not possible"
"Twitter contest! Would you like to win free clothes? Details coming soon!"
"let me know when you can come back in."
"Back from Burnley Baby !"
"Glad to have you following us, Thanks!!! Have a great day, we are following you as well."
"I'm coolin till later"
":) you made me smile lol"
"Quality haircuts even when your budget sucks"
"Why am I up?"
"Internship shopping! So many great museums and only one summer..."
"Props for behavioral targeting me like woah after a site visit... I wanna buy something each time I see a new ad pop up! :)"
"who did he block?"
"you should hear their suggestions I'm laughing too! Hahaha miss you!"
"Radio host to : \"I hope you can get through the day today without people spitting at you.\""
"I finally got around to reading \"Unbroken\". I assure you that once you read the Preface, you won't put the book down."
"thx for the suggestions, more names to be released soon! Keep em coming as vendors will be bringing in guests as well!"
"#MSC2011 Happy to see a large number of sessions as well as examples of schools from across the USA being represented."
"UPDATE: is recording a new Acoustic EP w/ a few of your favorites from 'Picture Perfect' & a brand new song!"
"Happy Birthday - Your a wonderful organization that honor our #veterans, keep up the great work!"
"Eating this ice >>>>"
"Congrats! #TEAMPUGILIST #BOXING >RT : A!!!!! I brought that big W home for #TeamPugilist n #GMBfightTeam baby"
"you two may get along: \" I don't have kids. I have shoes and I just want to make sure they're okay.\""
"that's great, I'm the same way. It's progressive metal. Somewhere between #A7X, Killswitch, etc...what r u into?"
"pizza hut tomorrow?"
"I've used the same password since my junior year of high school."
"mexican food night is just not the same without La Victoria :("
"RT : Happy Birthday to of ! // Cheers Chef!"
"You love me :) hahahha"
"Seriously Lingling, can I have egg rolls by Monday?"
"I wish I could just be in his arms because we both want it but I know that will never happen cuz he wants everyone but me ..."
"No one cares."
"I wonder what Wale charges for a verse dude is sick he gotta be my favorite right now"
"pretty open schedule for trip! Late July would be ideal, but must check dates with L & M."
"looks awesome."
"Hope 's last day of student teaching is going/went well and she enjoyed her not-so-surprise surprise goodbye party!"
"I met him after the show.. (:"
"RNG OBVIOUSLY DIDN'T LEAVE. THEY'RE STILL AT THE HOTEL USTREAMING RIGHT NOW."
"hard to say no"
"In FIVE MINUTES we're giving away a Nuclear Dawn code -- want it? Just Tweet at us and #ff RIGHT NOW"
"high five received! :)"
"Ahimsa is a feeling of non-injury. If you consciously inflict hurt on anybody, that is not being wise."
"can't wait to see u judging on the #xfactor! #simoncowell sure upgraded from"
"Just checked my grades on the Suffolk website.. 3.3 gpa my last semester of college! :)"
"? What do models for native education look like?"
"Is the UK/LSU baseball game on TV tonight (in L-ville)? Anyone know?"
"Cant wait for this summer!!!! BeAcH bEaCh BeAcH anndd New York:) Yay!"
"What up sleeping till 1. I'm no bum, I had to bus tables on the busiest day of the year for restaurants last night soo.. #validexcuse LOL"
"Ok, ran into an intruder and called the cops. Whew, THAT was freaky"
"how was msnbc? Congrats again"
"is it raining in ohio?"
"me to! I am hardly makin it today!"
"yes. actually, i do know where you're going. you taught me these type of thins when i was 7..."
"you are??"
"that would be GREAT! Tell him we'll record a video \"thank you\" in return!"
"Congrats! Much deserved! RT For the 2nd Yr in a Row, #Louisiana Ranks in Top 10 for Governor's Cup."
"Editing Drums and tracking vocals tonight."
"Thanks :) I hope so...it's a long shot so we'll see"
"This dude wass tryna talk to me n the car!"
"Info from HMP Metrics reports is being published in Becker's Hospital Review! Message us for more details."
"u got the plan"
"Very weird, since all three popper up. Sorry about that, I have no idea what happened."
"Looks nice!"
"#potus specifically mentioned women's issues twice! #sotu That's MY president!"
"And thanks, Lisa, for suggesting search.twitter.com, which I didn't know about-though I've found iPhone apps that do this."
"Q: Would you like to go abroad? #Pollock \"No. I don't see why the problems of #Modern painting can't be solved as well here as elsewhere\""
"Great tonight and tomorrow at 73. 80s for thurs-sat with spotty storms. RT what's the cabin forecast?"
"haha fuck yeah this shows funny as hell !"
"it's all about football, basketball and baseball in the ATL. Our hockey team moved to Canada last year."
"Just realized I spelled \"exhilarating\" totally, horribly, incredibly wrong in a giant mass email. Like a boss? #notsomuch :-)"
"Cool. As long as you still have a cache of ninja stars it is all good."
"Not everyone that comes into your life has an expiry date, some people will love you enough to stay."
"Don't forget! If Freedom Ford can't beat a deal from another dealership by $250 on a like truck or SUV, you get $25 IN GAS!"
"Ouch...over did the booty work outs this week!!!"
"haha ohh I see guy! hahha I meant more like aggressive inline haha I like roller hockey hahah"
"oh well I don't do that to strangers just the 1 I love lol he gets mad about to but he stills answers me :)"
"Are You Rollin ??? Bitch I Might Be"
"girl I'm so beat!!"
"queen bee"
"Not really"
"Triple H, 50 Cents, & justin B? Really?"
"I'm listening! Pronbably just as drunk??"
"looking forward to learning a lot at public safety and crimefighting in age of twitter wkshp at John Jay"
"Had a very lovely day! Hope you did too ;) Now, I deserve some brownie!"
"meet in conference lobby for lunch?"
"Good. We feed off your hate. In fact, we add a fine mint sauce to your hate and pair it with an oaky Cabernet."
"I wish I had more self discipline"
"i kno you'll never see this but you make my heart melt X) <3"
"Yo Hance, come visit us in Cali and we'll all go roller skating!! :D"
"Wearing out my last channel button"
"always on the hunt, Never too busy for friends :D !"
"Goin to work for 8 hours goodbye life."
". got a bunch of teens to work together & put together a website that they really needed."
"I guess here's a thing: if I've given you program or library advice multiple times without a thank you, I'm going to stop responding."
"\"Why are you squeezing me with your body?\" \"It's a hug,Michael\""
"yea. I really want one"
"Great to have you in!"
"This particular tweet makes me guilty."
"pssst RT Kick ass! I work in media so let me know when she graduates! We're always recruiting."
"JT starts out 0-4, needs to heat it up."
"The Halo Reach Legendary Giveaway is CLOSED & we have a WINNER! Congratulations, Jimmy Embrey!"
"Football season is close RT Football Freaks: Big Ten media days are July 26-27 at Hyatt Regency McCormick Place in Chicago."
"Earth Day is tomorrow, and what will you do to help the environment?"
"you should put all your pickups onto one page instead of 11 pages..."
"really that's why ten of thousand come across everyday, at least they have balls enough to try, you inbread creeps wont"
"pics or it didn't happen ;) Xx have fun!"
"That requires careful stewardship.... something libraries could manage, hackerspaces struggle with. :)"
"im shaking from just how upset i am. but ill probably be able to write another song. (: one of those down side to up side things i guess."
"It must be nice to beat someone in a video game but sucks to know that they will whoop your ass in 1 on 1 in reality"
"Mitt Romney knows how to create jobs like John McCain knows how to win wars. Both never did what they profess to know how to do."
"good luck vannessa"
"\"Yo, Ya man Christian is a cake boy\""
"I LIKE YOUR"
"still experimenting w/ G+ :) trying to use it more so I can get a better feel for it.. lots of things I wish would change, but nice overall"
"don't beat yourself up, atima lol. you want to do well in all your exploits, that's okay :D"
"An ex-boyfriend from 19 yrs ago is complaining on fb of how I used to \"collect\" phone numbers at clubs. #LetItGo #ForTheLoveOfGOD!!!"
"same here:))"
"Love my"
"most girls annoy me, to be honest. Maybe I should unsubscribe to them, but I'm usually not on Facebook enough to care. Lol"
"I focus on television primarily, and I think we have a potential cinema person. Open to all Asian media :)"
"If you happy I'm happy Even if you hate me gone head and dap me its koo ill pray for yo ass later"
"Waiting for a lot of new baseballs designs to come in stock- should be here next week- I hope!"
"Im not afraid to admit I'm still in love with him and i know he still loves me and will always be with me in my heart :'("
"just not as much. And think about the new jobs the maintenance of the machines has created."
"\": whats up twitter??:)\" what's the craic sean?"
"that can't be right, can it? 11 and change hits to the head per round, incredible!"
"I'm gonna say no.... since I don't see them now."
"reach out to me I have a great movie idea but I need your help with this one...."
"Wine down Wednesday! 50% off all bottles of wine under $99 w the purchase of an entree!"
"You're too sweet! Thank you!"
"fact to truth w/o. validation. that's just a pet peeve, not directed at anyone personally. I notice it in twitter."
"Being with me is how you #HowToKeepSomeoneHappy :D"
"I am about to receive a Resolution from the GA House of reps for my community service"
"RT nothing like waking up and make a good exercise!!* :D"
"I must be realistic - willful wishing and pretending will not solve the problem, not even slogans or happy epigrams. [1945]"
"A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well. Age doesn't always bring wisdom. Sometimes age comes alone."
"Brianna tried to call you yesterday from her cell!"
"Just a few people away from the magic 2,000 followers benchmark. What happens then? UNLIMITED TWITTER POWERS! (evil laugh)"
"And that was after a stop in Kensington, where supporters are everywhere."
"watching a good tv show or movie right before bed is essential"
"EVERYONE LOVES A FOVE BAGGER PLUS$$$$ WE GOT ONE COMING TOMORROW AT 3PM EST~RUN HARD, CONSOLIDATE AND SUSTAIN~GET READY WED 3PM EST$$$$$$$$$"
"Yes--you worry about the entire experience...not just the sale of a bottle of wine."
"My twitter has a train robbery today."
"RT I love Maria bamford! | So fun last nite, Trey. I will work on being more quiet!! "
"I Am Happy !"
"We have terrific move in specials on our 1 bedroom apartments! Email us at for more details!"
"Picnic in the Park was great. But far fewer players and their families stayed this year."
"DailyDeal fail: no business can sell $50 of product, for $25, 1/2 going to Groupon, so biz gets $12.50 for $50 of product? Not gonna last!"
"no excuses play like a champion RT“: I'm only getting started"
"we've pushed back the Sizzle class to June. We've seen some hesitation. Isn't cooking & drinking better than speed dating? Thoughts."
"Getting ready for tomorrow. I so need to keep up with putting rollers iin my hair at night. Leaves a better look in the morning."
"Hey, let's play a game...tell us some good lyrics to use if we made up a LevelUp rap!"
"Wyd\": Followed :)\": follow me boo\"\""
"Weird how the mall looks like it has weekend numbers before 7am"
"Downloading 3D Issue, a tool that converts my PDFs into page-flip digital magazines! Check it out via"
"Chivalry is dead today."
"Eatin rite now"
"no one cares LOL"
"What is the #1 thing you want in 2012?"
"WTF is planking, it seems like some dumbass shit to me"
"mad i just did this resume and cant log on to the application"
"#Rainbow producers and I slept in the lab last night! #dedication!!! come to the premier. 4/14. Mid.Cin. 7pm"
".#Rossen. Remember when moms needed to know the \"dignity of work\" ? I guess that's different 4 white rich moms! Sickening"
"21 candy bars!"
"FIRST ROW AT JANE'S ADDICTION DAVE NAVARRO WAS ROCKING THE FUCK OUT NOT EVEN A FOOT AWAY FROM ME AMAZING."
"Good trip to Hong Kong. Amazing city."
"oh wow how do u kno this"
"I am exercising all the self control I have not to tweet every line from the episodes of #ArrestedDevelopment I'm watching today."
"Did a double feature with Vicky Christina Barcelona. First one: better story. Second one great photography. Can I mix um?"
"already put 4 more reviews in for you :D"
"NO chance he comes to KY. The AD at KY hates Petrino! That's a fact"
"Librarians should make time for vendor calls, even if there's no money to buy the product, because it is their job to know what's available."
"hacks back on... energy drinks entering blood stream"
"Sons of Anarchy is intense!"
"I dnt get woke up to nothin like tht"
"Lemme guess, she probably asked for it, right? RT Would Rick Santorum tell one of his daughters to keep a rapist's baby?"
"Thanks for the follow and the like!"
"I spent it in San Diego with my fiance's family. :) ... And is this Chuck??"
"Thanks for following me at twitter!"
"Cut me a check!!!!"
"Dear Frozen Planet, you are blowing my mind. Score one for"
"There are no shortcuts to hosting the Oscars, but there are ways to save time on your papers so you can actually watch it this year"
"Just updated the Netflix"
"U CANT HANDLE DA TRUTH!!!!!"
"I always miss out on the turducken wtf'in!"
"come over"
"Finally off work!!"
"listening to my uncle edit his documentary film on the Toureg musicians from Niger. Amazing music."
"Had an amazing weekend & even saw the new Muppets film, which I love! Have a great Monday everyone! I love you all!!"
"Like that startup lunch thingy? I think it will be awesome!"
"How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Zynga? Ping back for more info! :-)"
"a lil tipsy ha but she real tho.. lol"
"Going to sleep! #Job on my mind =Success <<<That's what's up!"
"Good morning fashionistas"
"Hahaha, do I still get a dollar if you win?"
"Ugh Chick-Fil-A lemonade is the bbes ever."
"well that sounds pretty fun to me!"
"Mf's kill me ! Acting like they dnt forget shit sometimes....just fckd up my entire day -__- !!!!!"
"is self deportation an option? The only one that actually says anything worth paying attention to is Ron Paul."
"Awe just said \" busy bee\""
"Bout to have a fun day at church :) #HappyMothersDay :):)"
"There were some GREAT shows in Baltimore this weekend... did you discover any new music?"
"Yes, Chris, it would be so cool if it was my job to make movies. Every day. On set, or planning to be. I want more."
"Tis true, has turned me into a #Football junky!"
"What's April minus 7?"
"I love the chirpity-chirp of the birds this morning. Yea Spring!!"
"Wow! Great questions fans! I see them all, thank U! We'll air the interview at 7:35 ET tomorrow morning on"
"Hell of a round today mate!! Congrats!! RT : Thanks to all my tweeter Friends for the support!!"
"Fast Facts: Weak Central Coherence Theory hypothesizes that a limited ability to see the big picture underlies the central disturbance in..."
"Great work Aaron!"
"Two thirds of human existence is wasted in hesitation and the last third in repentance."
"There's not enough honesty in the world right now"
"Yes, we have managed to create one season---> Winsprisumall."
"Freezing in May..:( brrr."
"Rough day, huh?"
"I REALLY Hope so !:D"
"Giants or Patriots?"
"girl, I'm so sad that csi Miami is cancelled I don't know what to do :("
"If you could add one hour to your day today, what would you do with it?"
"Cinnamon sugar toast m"
"Inside scoop @ the El Cajon City Council meeting from El Cajon Brewing Co. CEO Stephen Meadows: They're ready to open their doors very soon!"
"how is your precious baby doing? How was labor & delivery? I'm so nervous about that part."
"Listening to on Praise the Lord. The anointing destroys yokes! Voice touched by God"
"I should stop buying shirts that need to be hand washed. I feel like an old lady from the 1800's washing this stuff"
"DELICIOUS! RT : On the Menu for the #GreatMatch - Albondigas Guisadas: Pork Meatballs, Squid ink, Hazelnut Picada"
"Oh man. Keep Ryan as a regular and bring back the southern chick from last week."
"Best bumper sticker EVER: My zombie child ate your honor student's brains."
"Viewing eulogy for Vacslav Havel: A word can change the wrld. Minority view is not necessarily the wrong one."
"On My Way To Calallen For This All-Star Game Practice"
"love when you give me head.. hate when you give me headaches"
"Congrats, can't wait to see you on campus! RT : Accepted to ! This is the best day ever :)"
"We chill and ball till we fall @ my house. Kiiki you invited... lol"
"Arnold J of the EWHC (Ch) rules in Omega Engineering Inc. case concerning a trade mark coexistence agreement: [2010] EWHC 1211 (Ch)."
"jomo is on smackdown and dam he is hot."
"Fuck you doing I need diddy %"
"independents in the so called \"pro marriage\" camp have a reason to vote Romney."
"Sorry, world: taking a short and deserved dance break."
"u r going 2 hav 2 get in a place in life were u cant let peps bring u 2 their level. u hav a choice...utilize it."
"still can't figure out my email thing...."
"I'm reading #diaryofawimpykid rite now the 3rd book"
"i know i think she will in a matter of weeks"
"Tonight @ 6 Come honor the memory of artist Cy Twombly. Speakers include Ann Temkin of and Heiner Friedrich of"
"Cutest things ever!"
"let me know how your inquiry went about coming to Station North."
"so happy for all your success Angela!!!!!!!"
"RT : #DMCA Ah, I spoke too soon. DVD CCA / AACS LA counsel showing off a recording he made of a DVD using a smartphone camera."
"joshua tree taught me the sumptuousness of silence."
"Checking out twitter"
"Going to be a great week coming up!!! My cousins are back in town, Q&A on Tues night + I get to hear from some churches!"
"Who said that ???? RT : So O.J. Simpson did not kill his wife his son Jason Simpson did that shit crazy"
"doesn't sound like Weeks is 100 percent with his injured ankle.."
"Can't wait till tonite!!! Indianapolis!!!"
"Fellas...Gurls wit Long Hair or Short?????"
"he never met with Bo. That was the issue. He called him when he was on vacay and told him he wants to transfer."
"I'll try"
"looks more like a morning rape out. Creepy!"
"Hello right back! MT Hi , Greetings from Indonesia, YES Alumni 2011 :)"
"All praise to planet earth goon molly is the EarthGOD let dem kno"
"“: Let's be original and quit trying to be mean.. #imcuteright?”"
"Go #mubb! The luck of the #Irish was with #Milwaukee!"
"Do you provide childcare for your children's children? What are the pros and cons? Today at noon we're talking \"Grannies as Nannies.\""
"Selling back books is such a beautiful thing."
"Yes, I started baking brownies as a warm up before acting and the theater sold them at the concession stand. It grew from there."
"damn, he blocked us with the quickness."
"I need a six month holiday… twice a year."
"Thy bidding is done, my master. Reviewed and rated."
"\": Once u lie to me ONCE...i start too question EVERYTHING you ever said.!!\""
"ALL American"
"when it all gets too real i hang on twitter. reality easier to take in 140 char chunks."
"did your school already have their prom ?"
"I been a fan since justin was 15 and i will all ways be:)"
"\"What the fuck is 96?\" \"It's a number, scientist. It really means 'read a book.' Ha, yeah right, I can't even pretend, fuck reading\""
"I remember now... Yall party at moct RT : RT : Can't remember the last time I set foot in a MKE club..."
"lol. Thanks for asking! ;)"
"ProxCity launches tonight at Consol Energy. Download the app before the game to win tickets to see the Harlem Globtrotters and other prizes!"
"I'm finally getting allergies here. Itchy eyes the past few days, and now I can't stop sneezing. Blerg!"
"O'Reilly didn't just help start the whole Ignite movement, they're sponsoring IgniteATL and sending books for door prizes!"
"You're welcome Paul for the mentions. Have an awesome Weekend! : ) XOXOXO"
"What the hell was going on there? I'm smack amid hockey country and they have the sound up on the NBA game. WAT?!"
"alright cool, I live on Sahara and Durango now so I'm closer to #LVAC . Do you ever go to the one on Jones and Sahara?"
"That I understand!"
"Join us for our Rochester/Troy Phone Bank at the Obama For America Oakland County Office (4 N. Saginaw, Pontiac) 6-8 pm THU"
"Just want to take the time to thank Letlive and all the people who came out to the show. Thanks to for housing the show!!!"
"my dog > every other dog"
"Happy v day twitters !!!! Hope you're having an awesome time !!!! :)"
"Thanks, man!"
"baby girl come stereo in zayns arms <3333"
"Coming to a Hallmark near you. RT #mama my nigga"
"just wanted to say it was great seeing you in Baltimore tonite! Your lyrics and stories seem so real to me! Awesome"
"you've got my vote! Good luck."
"Today's Insider Branding Secret: Let go of F.E.A.R. Fridays (Failure Expected And Received)"
"They, Who Sound- H-town's wkly series for exp. sound, improvised music, free jzz, undergrnd noise, electro-acoustic perf, & \"musique brut\""
"Fabulous night with the Bell Family! :)"
"Who's playing plo in may"
"hi, i'm awkward."
"Take it down Grinder u got it....."
"Why do people try to out do their friends?"
"im sayin there will be plenty more"
"RT : Nine #Brewers games at Miller Park in nine days! How many games will you attend?! I'll be at all nine."
"damn yesterday made 4 months its still so unreal is gone I still think about you girl ily RIP ASHLEY <3"
"thanks for following me... I followed back!!"
"Thanks for the mention."
"47?! Wow, that's a ton of cons. When did you start going to them?"
"Making Mexican jokes should be illegal."
"Never getting up at 4a.m. Again #sleepy #lifeofaprincess 💤💤💤💤💤✈✈✈"
"re: Me too. And super nice to fans. Their music always brings a smile. In other words, = instant happy."
"I'm trying to enroll in your school lol"
"#justsayin when you step in some water wearing socks -.- not fun"
"Believing is one thing.. Beliebing is another <3 I made it up :)"
"I'm pretty sure I don't work on your birthday!! :)"
"Best Weekend Was When I Gotta Lay My ahead Aganst His chest! </3"
"Will you pretty please send me the picture of that cool Pop! activity? I really want pink balloons in my library too!"
"Going boating with and maybe tubing :)"
"Stop your grin'n and drop your linen: Manning's plane is in the air, on the way back to Raleigh. -- mike freeman ()"
"it should be clear now that Bynum doesn't want to be here. Pau no longer is fighting to stay either."
"Friday Dec 23rd. save the date. Guys press your suits, ladies get your dresses ready. We'll be raising money for in style!"
"Nephew, friend, and brother all had their screens go black, never come back."
"Dude, what are you up to these days?"
"Good way to start off my day"
"#FF Follow and RT these wonderful peeps"
"Time for some Hip Hop abs!! Work it out!"
"police boat, scuba team & emergency vehicles at Clark St bridge in Loop"
"Thanks, Huston Middle School, for having us perform today!"
"haha yea man im done with fb lol same shit every day"
"Love your name!"
"Girls think I get more pussy than I actually get. Chicks always call me a whore but it's really not quite the case lol"
"David Banner, keep that body right and tight!! Watching The Confidant....."
"And no. WVU was not picked ahead of Louisville for any other reason than their willingness to shit in the bathtub."
"I hope the next 24 hours go quickly. I have to feed 23 people tomorrow. And somehow fit them all into my house. EEk."
"Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy - Benjamin Franklin"
"What thing makes you most humble? Why?"
"Wait wait WAIT. A new song!? ON MOTHERS DAY!?!? YUSSSSS"
"....please contact me soon...</3"
"Have fun what a nice time of year to be up in the Hamptons."
"We've been trying to get you and the guys down here to brew beer. I figure the easiest way is to ask. Come Brew Beer?"
"Every time I see a picture of Karl Rove, I can't help but think that his neck is trying to swallow his face."
"So are you getting the shoes?"
"tomorrow when is on #iCarly i'll probably pee my pants. their terrible acting will get to me."
"I was kidding-it's gorgeous:) I'm on the big island!"
"Dopamine is norepinephrine's best friend."
"Who get salad at a bar? Lmao"
"kk i understand"
"a workshop on Smartboards"
"Live Music at Varsity Bar! Rebecca at Loebe at 9pm! Jace N Lee at 11:30. $2.50 Cold Shots and free parking at University Coop with cover."
"60° @ 5:30 this morning ...fired up the wide glide went to work.....what was I thinking....why did I stop....oh yeah...fucking money!!! \m/"
"#Thatawkwardfeeling when you wake up you think you've slept all night but really it's only been a couple of hours."
"you tweet the truth"
"Yum. Wait ... I think we're supposed to focus on the health food angle."
"Im retype that tweet."
"tweet tweet"
"Happy Birthday to Harper Lee, author of To Kill a Mockingbird. A truly great American novel. Remember how this book made you feel?"
"Think I'm going to have a drink then go to bed. Have another long day a head of me tomorrow... *sigh*"
"Last Friday night behind the bar Swing by for a cocktail!"
"@ my brothers art show.. I'm proud of him doing big things out here!"
"Two years with my baby, in so glad I have you 😘"
"RT : wish u was here so I could share this money wit u :-) ---- Lol. Shh holla at cha Guala !"
"Charmed by Hardy Wallace's quirky style"
"good call. i'm a little nervous about the rain/humidity for my dSLR. prob going to bring a point & shoot too"
"AP coming out with pretty summer dresses *o* gimmmeee. I hope people sell them secondhand soon lol"
"I just saw the Rockfest KC lineup, is this an actual reflection of popular \"rock\" music, or does KC have worse taste than I thought?"
"I must be next"
"Thanks for that follow friend"
"Wow, I'm so tired but gotta keep on working....ugh"
"Nothing is gonna change my world"
"was thinkin bout 230 or so?"
"Whites in Brazil RT \": Who is more lost, Blacks in America or Blacks in DR? Hm.\""
"will definitely win a #grammys next year! She has all the qualifications, has made the impact and fans to make it happen"
"RT : Positive and negative are directions. Which direction do you choose?"
"Fur friday tho"
"I want to take a \"Jesus Tent\" on the next Grateful Dead tour providing food, water, clothes, etc..and reach out to some needy hippies."
"Off Track Art: “Child of the Universe,” the latest exhibition by Phil ..."
"Checking out our temporary space for Lost and Found (Opening on April 5th). It is going to be amazing!"
"How is life treating ya friend? Praying for ya success!"
"Nice weekend for family to be in town with goal & assist. Great series!"
"I had such a nice convo with you before saying you love me, and now your acting like a asshole -__-"
"that place RULES. My favorite atx pizza."
"Watching those throwback NYR games on MSG makes me wanna play some NHL94"
"Make your plan now to attend Peace Corps Connect: Minneapolis 2012. Tons of resources for careers and much more!"
"A few good contests on the site right now. Studliest Abs? No better time than the present."
"Alcohol is like love. First kiss - magic. Second - marvelous. Third - typical. After that...you just take your clothes off."
"I must have those shoes."
"Not being in school right now >"
"Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on San Arcana in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!"
"Anyway, I need to learn the best ecofriendly way to clean hardwood floors, I hear tea works."
"Just Saw #Super8 For The 3rd Time !"
"way to text me back!"
"Who's watching the Jersey Shore Reunion? I wonder if they are going to address Sitches drug problem? Doubt it."
"aw. That's so sweet of you."
"Is your business using Pinterest yet? Check out Kate Spade to see a biz do it right."
"I'm at RBA talking w cool HR folks abt twitter. Whoa!"
"need your number again!"
"Nice to see a GA boy win the #Masters Congrats Bubba Watson!"
"I'm in a seminar on how to improve our social networking presence and how to help more peope with their Real Estate needs."
"you two should certainly connect re:the benefits of workplace yoga. Karen (aka Phyzz Yoga rockstar) is a pro!"
"the US rental market's vacancy rate is at its lowest level since the 4Q01 and is below 5% for the 3rd time in the more than 31 years"
"I'll be there Saturday bud!"
"oh yeah. Come for the judgement, stay for the creepy drama. I hate that I love to watch Sister Wives. Ha."
"yay! great job"
"Eww I can't believe I went to a elementary where in just less than a week they found 2 sexual predators that were teachers"
"NextEra Energy Resources Opens North America's Largest Concentrated Photovoltaic Power Plant"
"Happy early birthday to ! now will stop buggin' ya about bein 20"
". You're not giving me enough food, Jennifer. I ate that on the subway on the way in. I'm a big guy. I have big appetites"
"I'm still a little sad that Trey Gunn left. But that's okay. I'm a Tony Levin fan. :-)"
"you in inspiration , Someone Like you Cover is AMAZING ! :))))))) #ProudOfYou and #ProudMahomie love ya!"
"cites Eric Lott on the \"sounds of Jim Crow\": anxieties about black masculinity have a sound."
"I hate when people where YMCMB sweaters -.-"
"Ditto! RT \"More than anything, what I want is for someone to tell me at the end of each day, \"you've done enough.\""
"\"Stand by those principles [in the Dec of Indep], be true to them on all occasions.. whatever cost.\" Fred. Douglass July 4, 1841"
"Teaching my mom about finding a bargain. If you want something on sale check google shopping BEFORE leaving. It shows area store and prices."
"I agree w/you about NFL 'dying', but your logic is off. You arguing whether boxing popular/not & why. What matters: THINGS CHANGE"
"Universal Studios"
"Trying to explain why I have carry all three hula hoops < They all serve a different purpose. Everyone knows that...gaaah"
"hi sorry to just tweet u but i saw 1 of ur tweets saying u hate what u see in the mirror... but ur REALLY pretty honestly"
"There's a place in your heart nobody's been, take me there ❤"
"noope they broke up a year or two ago lolol"
"don't wish it away :) one day you will miss it ! Like when u r grown and paying taxes and buying groceries and wiping kid butts"
"I love all the #hangover tweets on Saturday and Sunday mornings... You know what they say...Hair of the dog that bit you?"
"Girl you make my speakers go boom boom, dancing off the tailgate in the full moon."
"Central Coast Marathon: Course PB « A One-Live Cat&#39;s Life"
"Most females under 28 still act like they still in high school"
"Phase delta 1 is a go, but every thing else is rescheduled"
"to which article are you referring?"
"#ThingsThatEveryoneWants to be successful in life<3"
"Anyone know when vs #Coyotes gets underway? Tomorrow on NBC perhaps?"
"Touchdown Green Bay!!!"
"Anybody having a wonderful day?"
"Cheap ass food and drinks all day today."
"I'm not being picky no more so a new me dis year but not going backwards"
"Out Of School (: Yess ! It's Kinda Sad To Think I'm In The Only District That Had School Today <3 (:"
"haha seagulls... bagels... And don't even get me started on the milk truck"
"4real go download my young mix tape and new tracks I got bars lol"
"well the teacher of math didn't or the teacher of history I don't remember so I can sleep on 1 of them..!!"
"Aw thank you! <3 I'm so glad you liked it!"
"Hey everyone, we'll be on tonight at 6pm! Make sure you tune in. tweet your questions to: !"
"Personally, I don't believe the world owes me a living, although for the amount I make, an apology would be nice."
"RISING STAR ALERT: Champ Rory Mcllroy sets records. Now, for a personal brand that connects him with his fans..."
"Check out my website, cool stuff! www.lisaschicboutique.com"
"I look up to your band, i wanna be like you, Harry, Liam, Louis or Niall. Your music is amazing, xD"
"What time is hipster bowling?"
"Moody is what I am"
"me neither!!! My husband is ALL about the lyrics…and I NEVER hear them."
"i'm looking for a vintage tuxedo (50s to mid-60s); any thoughts as to good mens' vintage shops in DMV?"
"i like twitcon :)"
"Fear of losing you"
"At 92, is any surgery really minor?"
"Anytime my man! And thank you as always for your participation. Excellent job on your tracks! You almost took it!"
"Had a wonderful #Mothersday celebration with , and #Johnny. Thanks for making me feel like a queen everyday! Luv u guys"
"Tomorrow night: nothing but Mexican."
"CRASH: I-84 westbound @ 74th, on right shoulder"
"My mother is rightfully worried that I'll never visit her in NC now! Am v fume-y and mad."
"Earthquake in Japan, and a big one? I hope it's not true. Japan doesn't need more of that crap a year later."
"Good Friday was GOOD !!!"
"Lighters up at the Intlib singalong."
"Say you gonna be, are you gonna be, say you gonna be,.are you gonna be, say you gonna be...well well...SANG LUTHER!!"
"We hear is giving away a signed copy of Every Day a Friday today!"
"Setting up for my pisces!!!! See you tonight with nadine rae\" a national blues band\" @ 8pm. \"Proud Mary\""
"light weight lol"
"um no. santa is still growing his beard"
"Hahahaha well if you know me for anything its being conceited hahaha"
"It would indeed b cool 4 2 give her #edt6060 final pres via Google Hangout. Let's make it happen!"
"Thanks to all the men and women who currently serve or have served and their families for making the sacrifices it takes to do what you do!"
"remember that one time we were friends and u used to talk to me?! I sure do miss those days..."
"I haven't heard from you in a minute bro. How you been"
"OMG stupid caugh!!!"
"Privileged to hear sing at the famous Hotel Cafe tonight!"
"This year, July has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays. This happens once every 823 years!"
"well not all guys have personalities that trump all other, pardon the pun, shortcomings ;)"
"Is this the day you finnially notice me and tweet me?I love you tons.Have a lovely day with Mamma G.Happy Mothers Day:]"
"IM SO BOUTTTY"
"I will wave to them from the window. Think Caesar from the new APES movie."
"kinda pissed this morning.. pretty sure i got ripped off yesterday. >.<"
"lmao it looked like it hurt is your tongue haha"
"that was maybe Orton's best pass of the season!"
"i did but not no quality. just some where to work on lil shit... i c u tweet 16 what he tlkin bout son"
"RT Tune in at 11:50 a.m. CT today for a discussion on with Internet analyst"
"12/17/2010 Influence That! Content Management Connection Blog"
"way many power hungry bastards... way many.. it's sad."
"Phone lines are open. Call in now and be the first on the air tonight! 317-736-0950"
"NBA is over. As Chick wd say.The Lights are out- Eggs are Cooling, The Butter is getting hard & Jell-O is jingling. It's over -Kobe rest."
"When girls refer to there boyfriend as \"Daddy\"<"
"RT No dreamer is ever too small; no dream is ever too big."
"#ThingsIDislike a fake person that tries to show out thinking their being real, but their just another hater walking the streets."
"talk about what, dude?"
"omg Taylor you did not just send that."
"That's fine. Your point is well taken by all 5 viewers."
"depends on the political economy of these new \"nation state\" social networks and who has what rights over what data"
"Thanks! Excited to part of a great cause!"
"Tebow to the jets!! Hold up h still might be going to the jaguars"
"Whoo! So glad you like it!! :)"
"Great job on the season finale of ! Your last scene was gripping. Any chance we'll see you for season 3?"
"all of fb or just yurs? :o"
"keep it Bay pimp!"
"Yup. Things seem to be going my way :)"
"RT : Come check out my directorial debut 2nite 4 's booking signing! Four scenes performed 7-10"
"pshh not for me! :/"
"thanks homie - you rock as usual!!"
"Long, tiring bus & train trip home with kids in bitter Denver cold. Enjoying a warm evening together at home."
"THE AVENGERS. I wanna see it. THEY GO HARD."
"the pacers will rue trading away kawhi leonard"
"I'd have to agree"
"well I had a good night :) now I sleep in till monday ✌"
"jealous!!! I've never done that either...let me know how it goes"
"Looking at hard covers for books (@ Unibind)"
"Welcome to Twitter !"
"I wish was flying my plane today. Guess i'll wait till he's my personal pilot on my private jet."
"Yippee!! Enjoy EPCOT today and have a Mickey IceCream Bar for me!! Don't forget to ride Soarin'!!"
"Ghostface:Welcome home Sidney. Preview of coming events. Sidney: why don't you come for me you got the balls for that???"
"i think i can see that lol"
"I can't believe a TV show just made me cry.. lol."
"On the road this morning promoting new movie 'Fair Play'. Next stop, Beau Rivage Casino n Biloxi, MS. Go on stage in a couple of hrs!"
"Thank you. Back to shop life love it!!!!"
"Follow me n ill follow u back"
"Okay time to work.."
"And your patrons shall henceforth be referred to as minions."
"Super interested to see how a class of undergrads will respond to the #TejuCole tweets that inspired and are included in his Atlantic piece."
"Darn, how did I miss seeing you? :( Hope you had a fun #bashh!"
"Happy Monday Columbus.. pretty pretty out.. isn't it!?"
"stank ass people smelling like newports and shit"
"Yay about Lisa. Let's do Joy next week. Will email u. RT Lisa was great as always. Would love again"
"i don't think so =("
"No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her own way is without enemies."
"If you're not willing to sacrifice...you might as well not even try."
"WOW WOWOWOWOWO---its freezing then!! haha Idk If I can handle that Weather---Its always Hot/Warm in texas!!...cantwait"
"Happy Wednesday! For lunch, try our Spicy Ginger Shrimp on top of mixed green salad w/ cucumber spinach coulis sauce. ONLY $9.50!..."
"All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence. MLK Jr Help Haiti"
"What horrible hold music."
"Lads are better mean that nice and cheesy"
"Yay applebee's girls night out skinny bee cocktails, personalized Facebook invites."
"Feel little better today."
"I might just be like that because of the weather or he straightens it, so no, it's the same as usual :)"
"I want my crew back! My people are all spread out for the summer 😭😭😭😭"
"aw, you are appreciated before your time #friends \"thanks, guys. you suck too!\""
"Oh really? I'm not really into celebrity news or shows like that. I miss him on the radio. He's opinionated, but super smart."
"Bout to do an experiment in 5 min"
"that is such a hard question!! I would have to lean more working IN my business :)"
"went to the mall yesterday which was insane and i got my bf so thts good"
"Wow, that sounds great! You should contact"
"we'll thumb wrestle over this. Shits getting real"
"haha what!? who said that lmao i don't think I'm grown up but Im getting there. i finally know how to drive :)"
"Thanks for the I'm on FB too www.facebook.com/remingtonproperties"
"Does anyone have the lyrics to the choir auditions???"
"Thanks for the helpful link"
"Thanks! And thanks for the great article this morning on the #CES as well!"
"The New Literacy that started with e-mail years ago (writing & texting replacing phone talk) is being video'ed away. Swing of the pendulum."
"So some how it was snowing this morning when I woke up and I didn't see it!! #wwwhhhaaattt?!?!?"
"RT : 96 year anniversary of the Easter Rising. Yeats: \"Not night, but death./Was it needless death after all?\" (Easter, 1916)"
"OMG!! new video on YouTube soon!! Watch itt SOON! ==> watch.AustinMahone.com [:"
"It's because 1023's guy is on NFL Network"
"loves that patients get to relax in our massage chair before treatment! They love it too, obviously... www.3cpdx.com"
"It's been pretty epic, I will say :D"
"time to name my electric. paul? gibs? les?"
"Caps ahead 1-0 in Boston. Bats ahead 6-1 in San Diego. Wooohoo DC sports!"
"Whoever said family is forever needs to be shot.. cuz their idea of forever is seriously misconstrued.."
"Day 1 complete. What new ideas/resources did you learn about today?"
"Listening to Mayday Parade on a nice day >"
"He's getting old!"
"\"Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.\""
"We hope you enjoyed your stay at Hotel Carlton!"
"you too!"
"nobody but Freddy himself and Adam should sing Queen"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope you have an amazing day! love ya xoxo"
"Just finished putting together my presentation. Excited to visit you tomorrow and share examples of data as art."
"that sounds cool"
"Last scene of the night...*happy dance* I'm delirious O_o I'm sleeping all the way up to our 3pm call time tomorrow."
"I'm in New York!! What's Goody??"
"I need more followers"
"A4: The stars before there were huge city lights dimming the natural night lights."
"Yeah, about a third of my mentions are gone, and I have zero messages now :-/"
"Bring me the tacos"
"explain The Sims mechanic in one tweet?"
"it was so freakin real! i thought it was actually happening!"
"Yes! It's rich-people drama. And I'm ashamed that I got sucked in. I blame this bar."
"Wasabi for lunch and for dinner - good thing I'm starting boot camp this week!"
"just reached 9,000 views on dance video!"
"so a vessel has made a mess...el..."
"WHY IS ARTHUR FLIRTING WITH GWEN. THE FUCK."
"there is only one guy for me."
"Admit it, we all feel cool when we walk around the mall with tons of shopping bags in our arms."
"Who else is headed to Acquisitions and Authors in tbe Digital Envirronment?"
"I'll be my own reflection"
"So I've been playing iPhone games, eating candy, and thinking of ways to spend my check ... For the last 3 days"
"I love teens and write about them. In novel, Everest OMG!, 4 teens are climbing Everest, 2 boys, 2 girls. Told by 16 yr old girl."
"Heey Everybody, guess what? It's Alona's b-day! Go over and wish her a Big Happy Awesome Birthday and give her some love. :)"
"Retweet if u love God and your not ashamed to say it lol follow me and I will def follow u back;)"
"Headed back to Lexington with"
"Friday I love you!"
"finaly got my background layed out. follow me on facebook. www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect I am an upcoming R&B Producer"
"There should be an emo band called Brian Krakow."
"have a bad case of bronchitis :("
"are you at protest?"
"did you know Pullen Park won the Community Enhancement Award from TCREW? Woot!"
"I want to rescind my view of that video."
"#IfIWonTheLotoIWould use the money for college"
"STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS :)"
"Gov. Bentley signs tornado tax holiday bill"
"Check out our Used Car Specials this week- Price Reductions on 24 cars."
"ty for the follow😃"
"Great. The score board blanked out so now the game is delayed. Do they NOT know its past 11pm? :/"
"To be fair, this does feel like the longest week ever."
"San Diego has the numbers for an Asian “empowerment district” on the City Council. But will and support it?"
"In USA (California) Its 9:35 PM. What time is it where u r?? Howd u just wake up. im gonna sleep. Lol"
"we watched an anti- bullying video in school today, and i thought of you! Your such a good person !"
"yea what's wrong w/ the files ?"
"Can anyone recommend a rental broker for the Denver area? Friends need a house ASAP. Thanks!"
"Thanks! Any not-to-miss activities you recommend? Kind of seems like everything is gorgeous and not to be missed!"
"okay then stay out of it common sense bud"
"where's the preakness party?"
"i actually had a good Friday the 13th. ♥"
"thanks, he's growing fast though..."
"But I'm still excited <3"
"Perfect. Will Intervention be right after that then?"
"The LearCenter's is live tweeting from today's Penn Law symposium on IP Issues in Fashion Law."
"you wont be dissapointed.stay tuned for open dates"
"Always be sure to back up your photos early and often! You could be just one hard drive crash away from losing priceless memories forever."
"RT BREAKING NEWS BREAKING NEWS!!!!! CIROC has just been named \"The Official Vodka of Twitter Users\" !!! RT PLS!!!!!"
"Are you following ? #ff Best gelato in #Seattle! Maria and Skyler, thanks for the benissimo behind-the-scenes tour!"
"Michigan had to ruin a perfect first round for the"
"I thought we are best friends, but i choose the wrong person."
"Legally changing my name to \"This is commercial towing vehicle 'Nostromo'\""
"good morning Grey Line Mappers!HAve a fantastic time today!!!"
"Praying for my little man, they just took him back for more oral surgery 2nd time in less than a year."
"*food falls on floor* Little germs: Get it!!! King germ: NOO!! we must wait five seconds!"
"it was great beating them at home. Should be a tough series."
"We're playing bottom of the hill at 9 PM!!!!"
"it might take u a long time to get here...but I'll keep the bed warm. ;-)"
"I realize I'm late to the party, but I just heard -- congrats on the new rugrat! Yay!"
"I love me please follow me!"
"If you ever want a grown-up job, I highly suggest making your twitter profile private. . ."
"NyQuil might be overkill for a small headache, but I'm rather enjoying it..."
"sounds like shes desperate"
"hello september! if that cold wind i felt yesterday keeps up, then i think we can be friends for a long while."
"is looking 2 add some Testimonials 2 our website. Please post 2 our FB wall or tweet 4 an chance 2 be on our site."
"Surreal line from ABC News story on #Afghan killings: \"But it's not clear whether the alleged attack was spontaneous and unprovoked.\""
"2 daywriting session with a platininum writer hope to emerge with a future smash!!! follow my new company offical Venice crew twit"
"Will you an Ol' Crimson be making an appearance at the Crimson & Gray game"
"RT : Yo!!! I met him b4. over heard the others call him ”Swift Darkness” lolol// Lolololol retarded"
"oops -- got it too late -- do you know what it was?"
"Muscle group of the day: LEGS"
"“: Always good to catch up with the bro! Miss you ” miss you too sis! Better find some time so come up next quarter!"
"Drugs are bad, m'kay?"
"I dont think that would be any better...."
"miss u too! I was half-expecting a call tonight to do a quick 'on-scene' ..."
"#teenwolf fan forever & always ♥"
"I like how I get the severe weather text for the warnings at 12:45. The exact time that the warnings expired."
"The devil almost came outta me when that girl hit my car..."
"I'm so glad it's Friday. I don't think I could stand another day at work. I think I'll rest, read and soak in my bathtub all weekend.Ah!!"
"Hahaha, only you would bring up Swedish Fish in an MTV blog. Love ya boo!"
"Awesome, i'm in! I'm in search of a leading man, namely URIV:-)"
"Bdays are the best days lollx"
"Congratulations to the Top 30 LC Seniors! What an amazing program this evening. I am so proud of all of you!"
"watching Cinderella on BET my all time fav movie. =)"
"GREAT answer...LOL"
"way ahead of ya(:"
"thanks for taking a stand. You're a class act."
"Thanks Dave! I hope all is well!"
"damn peopleont know when to quitt."
"\"I drive a minivan\""
"Went to the Grammy Museum for music of the 50s to 70s in LA & FIDM to see costumes from this year's movies. (Clothes from Thor are amazing)"
"that was pretty suspect"
"4sho . Im ready for this game next week."
"I can't wait to see in Portland! Thanks for the best bday present ever!"
"Ha... That's how I end up w/47 different versions of a file! #horribleclients \"Can you change it back to 2 versions ago?\""
"Less than 10 min b4 #SYTYCD to begin can't wait to see the all stars and the contestants dance tonight. Good luck to everyone!"
"Instead of listing ideas on flip chart, can cut and paste chats into Word doc to save"
"Put My Dick In Your Face !"
"Hope the bears, deer, fox, raccoons, squirrels, bobcats in our area don't mess with our garden (or mess with US while we are gardening!)"
"follow first"
"Great, thanks so much!"
"that's not a replay. it's still coming down. RT : Next-day replay Cody Ross bat flip"
"Congrats on selling your book! My daughter also rides the short bus. Looking forward to your book!"
"how manly. Like hunting at the zoo."
"Holy shit, is WV minimum wage really only $7.25?! $11/hr. for 8 hours 5 days per week = #makingbank No wonder this state is so poor."
"How do I know who to connect to Gina ?"
"not cool"
"It's so unusually nice here in New England we decided to head to a zoo and enjoy the sunny day."
"That split second when Calipari failed to mention Kidd-Gilchrist and Teague were entering their names in the draft.."
"changing your twitter name"
"u crazy!"
"Nice domain name...i'll visit the site later"
"keeping my head up helps me forget about the bullshit im steppin onn"
"yeah...just a brief shower/sprinkle...tee it up!"
"Haven't learned about anyone I work with leaving their job via Facebook or Twitter this morning. Hope I'm not missing anything!"
"you know something.. i never thought i would get him attention and when i didnt expect it he followed me #chinup x"
"The things that happen in Miami at 2:00 am smh"
"Sitting at Windows Cafe with , guy walk by and says \"Your my candidate, your the best one running!\""
"hehe, I mean I guess if you're into that ;)"
"Come on Big Blue one TD is needed to put the Cowgirls to bed."
"Auto Response: Thanks for your message, please contact us Toll Free 1.800.540.6197 email: http"
"#myweakness Monday mornings"
"Hey #Wausau Folks: WAOW and WSAW will have unclaimed property stories tonight - make sure to check them both out!"
"nothing but thoughts and prayers for you and your family"
"haha that is awesome!"
"cool just followed"
"hehe :) I really do enjoy Twitter. I think it's that I talk to people all day and when I get home I feel mostly brain dead."
"So we've made it to Wednesday but how's weather going to disrupt our day? Julie Broughton is saying, watch out! Tune in"
"Love the iheart radio app on my Android! Awesome widget!"
"i love how when religious people preach oh this and this is wrong and no one should do it it sundenly becomes okay when they decide to do it"
"Looking forward to hearing Furman's George Leventis discuss agile programming techniques."
"Starting to look like it will be a busy summer of recording at"
"My 9th grade Social Studies teacher told me I had a good public speaking voice. Gave me confidence to talk in front of a room"
"M's fans always need to root for other teams to help distract themselves from their own squad."
"Your obsessiveness.? Yea it's getting annoying ."
"now how bout a gme7?"
"I think divorce is extreme. Every marriage has it's rough times."
"Have you noticed the new fitness center upgrades? It will be complete by the end of the month and will look fantastic for you!"
"In my yard and this deep buzzing sound kept getting louder and louder. Huge swarm of Africanized bees went BUZZING just overhead."
"The only way we could win is if we went our separate ways.. Hurt at first but now I've never felt better"
"roughly 4 months after launch."
"One babbling mind Pollutes the silent landscape - Or all just one song?"
"haha I don't remember the last school day that I actually cared what my hair looked like."
"See our Great $1 Beer on Sundays!"
"Oh my... the Great Singapore Workout! This brings back soo many memories (and goosebumps - ha)!"
"Monster Cush ... Super Unleaded💚 Grand daddy purp .. #JetFuel🔥 On deck..."
"if I dont go I dont graduete high school nd its a required test fr freshmen"
"checking out onra at beauty bar next week."
"what you been up to ...."
"Ones or fives, possibly. At odd times even tens. But not hundreds."
"Omg!! Which store did you get it from? I got the Costco edition. Oh and did you finish the clockwork angel books?"
"Dude, how hurt are you? We need u in there. Is Ozzie nuts or u really this much consistent time off? I say swap with Gaby."
"“RFT : It's funny how I'm a type of person who never accepts compliments, but believes every insult.”"
"Dope man, so you place your own music or other people's?"
"“: Happy Mother's Day to all the grandma's that took care of the kids when mom couldnt.........or just wouldnt.”/// agree"
"ur in my country.... :P"
"Thanks for stopping last night! Hope you enjoyed your night with us!"
"I added over 200 words to my script, but timed out and lost it. I am pissed. It's not my computer, so..."
"Walking to work, great idea. Walking to work in worn down chuck taylors"
"hooked it up today c:"
"oh good. Whew."
"School was okay today.Could of been better though."
"I think the officials have been great so far."
"don't you hate it when people interrupt you mid-sentence? and when you do get to finish, they get the point WRONG!"
"#cheflife got a nigga tired today"
"“: girl we need to take trip !” to see me"
"Cougar Salute to our Armed Forces BBQ today at Fairchild. Let's raise a glass to all the soldiers, sailers and airmen"
"Sitting Here B O R E D As Freak ! What You Doing !"
"I need a #FantasyFootballMiracle !"
"#youknowwhenaguyisdesperate when he goes around tweeting hot girls asking for cam sex. Right ?"
"having fun wiff my group memeberkaykay"
"Just because you say #nohomo does not make it not gay."
"In your opinion, what key concepts are lacking in todays entry level UX practitioners?"
"Welcome to #Cleveland T-Rich!"
"Exhausted.. my #Frisbie skills is getting much better everyday.. got control plus amazingly my Son omg he is Good!!"
"Only a couple of pages into Daniel Everett's new book Language: The Cultural Tool and I'm already loving it."
"Just got inspired by lets see what newness comes from this!"
"Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You & Holiday Social this Friday Dec 9th 5:30-8:30 p.m. FREE. No RSVP needed. Invite others."
"I hope she's apologizing for that outfit"
"80 degrees in milwaukee today. Hoodies and tims fo life!"
"Fucking stupid. People y u ruin everything good in life?"
"I don't see trending terms in my twitter client or on my homepage. I don't like how they've hidden \"saved searches\" though"
"Nice bomb by Bryce \"Bam-Bam\" Harper, congrats on your first!"
"Watch a heartwarming story of a little girl diagnosed with a brain tumor and the surprise she got from Cops Fighting Cancer. Real-PR-Media"
"”All I’ve got is a red guitar, three chords and the truth” -Bob Dylan"
"well I kinda like those so..."
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. Vince L"
"*nods* Also, he's a public official, she's a constituent. She doesn't owe him admiration. Good grief."
"that really does suck lol"
"yesh omfg I had that feeling yesterday :/"
"#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 23"
"Raining hard in #Philadelphia right now. No on-location shoot today, grrrh!"
"DANCE IS A FEELING!!!! :D"
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."
"Life goes on"
"The market manipulators have so far pulled the DOW back up to \"just above water\". Can they hold it together until 4pm EDT?"
"I learn from the best"
"Follow our youth"
"Smoking without me<<<"
"You guys did good tonight. Evan, sorry for Alberto earlier"
"for spring break my family and I are going skiing!!! We leave tommorrow morning!!! :)"
"Right!! Lol! Needed this last week..Geez! RT “: so much easier for when you needyo snap a pic asap”"
"Did 5 stage shows last year. I am looking foward to what this year has to bring. Maybe a replacement for my Day Job!! Please?!!?!??!"
"haha of course jarred is going to come with us. :)"
"hey shoutout to me?[= btw ricky i texted u today.. and u texted back .. <3 did u see the last pic i sent on twitter?:D"
"Hypocrisy: Congressmen who tout support for veterans after avoiding service themselves."
"Today I'm sporting my Infinite Bacon shirt from !! So comfy!!!!"
"www.arillenblaylock.com is up and running for its life!! :)"
"Beautiful day in a beautiful city..."
"The commercial with the talking muffins is the creepiest things I've ever seen"
"hey selena!! my aunt Arlen made your passport!! love ya! xo"
"He who sees the truth, let him proclaim it, without asking who is for it or who is against it. – Henry George"
"is finally, totally, completely delivered to Osiris Entertainment."
"Neil Young's \"Old Man\" always reminds me of my dad & his relationship with my grandfather..."
"I'm really excited to work the super bowl! This weekend and next weekend is gonna be busy!"
"Damn I need more followers!"
"Concert Sunday, August 7, 3:00 PM One of my favorite artists!"
"If the dress that's on you is wrinkly, a good thing to do is bend your knees to make the fabric taut and roll back & forth w/a curling iron"
"good but its kinda weird at the same time haha"
"school is the reason why I don't get to eat breakfast."
"Luvs me some cold play can't wait. Til they come to DC"
"Transitions, even if they are positive, require time for adjustment and acceptance. But all positive movement calls for celebration!"
"I just made a donation to because of the fantastic documentary last night on wildlife reclaiming the Chernobyl region."
"LOL NOT YET CUZ I'M ON"
"Either that or I would have been chased out of the room. lol. As to the drínk, I like the way you think...but you knew that."
"Thank you for clarifying. Greatly appreciated, Royce. :)"
"Then I wake up and realize, that this is real life :)"
"1. \"I’ve always taken my love for Wilco with a grain of salt\" makes me so sad. Same as the myth of \"guilty pleasure.\" Love what you love."
"JUST SIGNED 'ARTIST LP' 8 TRACKS.... DARK!!!!!"
"Why do I feel my stomach burning inside? Ugh"
"Happiest of birthdays!"
"Come on down to the Rio All-Suites Hotel today for the Vegas Woman 's Expo from 10-5 It's gonna be HUGE and fun!! Come see us!"
"thanks brother. Still lots of work to be done. I'm currently gutting and redoing the aft cabin. I'll post pics soon."
"I really wanted to see The Hunger Games tomorrow."
"This photo is great! The hats are definitely very interesting....:D"
"Goodbye Wisteria Lane .... My TV life just ended."
"Thank you for the mentions and the help! Appreciate it!"
"Buying these tickets as soon as my mom gets home so please have your money tomorrow :)"
"RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for making the impossible of technology possible."
"yes, but I'm seeing some sun peaking now *big smile**"
"#4DAYS Till #BOYFRIEND !!! I Can't Wait!!(: Follow Me?(:"
"love you best friend"
"Some of our favorite people"
"Hope everyone has a better prom than I did!"
"same mistake was made. Thought the Nevermind show would be good. Seen better covers at local bars. Just horrible. Ears bleeding"
"It would be awesome to have some WiFi at work that, you know, actually worked?"
"thanks! We'll hit him up."
"Glad you're a gravy supporter!"
"What season are you on? RT : That's a slippery slope! RT : Watching a #breakingbad marathon :)"
"Congrats - you will be seeing next Thurs at The Myth for FREE! Our people will PM you - congrats again!"
"So glad you like the matching aprons!"
"Tomorrow, at boundlessgallery.com, featured in Discover An Artist"
"One touch. smh"
"Wrist: wrist pain at the little finger line"
"i mean the film, the city or the craving?"
"possibly. He chose a tow truck this time"
"Your awesome! I just had to let you know that. :)"
"RT : #S.Epatha Merkerson/Rockell Metcalf made directorial debut w/# \"The Contradiction of Fair Hope\" powerful!!"
"If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?"
"_Silicon Date_ If I look at my / ipad when you talk to me / don't think I'm not yours."
"using for the first time and having a great experience! Love it that i'm able to just ping the engineers of a product to ask a q :)"
"imma beast doe"
"Marge gets a boost in her social life on tonight's episode of The Simpsons! Watch with us at 5!"
"#BroadbandBreakfast emphasizes (1) urgency of getting seniors online and (2) measuring progress"
"Hold on to your heart now honey, don't think for second that you've figured me out."
"We <3 ! How about you?"
"I think so. What's your name?"
"Hmm what to do today?!...."
"Lately I've been writing desperate love songs, I mostly sing them to the wall"
"Does Danny \"Radar\" O'Rourke work?"
"We never know the love of our parents for us till we have become parents."
"Watchingg America's Got Talent Houston,Texas auditions!(:"
"1 year since I met :)"
"Looking for someone looking for a screenwriter."
"I guess CL is signed up for a play."
"Jacobson breaks down earnings differences (w/in 3 yrs) of avail outcomes (2yr, 4yr, certificate). More similar than assumed. Sthg to study."
"It'll never catch on. :)"
"Yo find a way and contact me asap"
"Follow me. Lupe Trejo actor,pro wrestler,film,television, entertainment RULES! Live,love,laugh.We are all different and unique."
"thanks for ushering! hope you liked the show. :)"
"Did you look for gifts that were made in the USA or produced locally this year? What companies did you buy from?"
"That’s my second straight flight to SF that included a TSA rub-down. Yay!"
"If it weren't for Javier Schwartz, I would start to take myself too seriously. Thank god."
"My friend & I registered but cant make it tonight. Can we view the webcast at a later time or is it only live streaming?"
"“: Don't be mad coz I speak the TRUTH ya bitter chickens.....Blurr The Lines 1.2.12 ;)” I like my chicken fried"
"Thanks Ty, Glad to connect!"
"If you want it, you gotta work for it!.. No one owes you anything."
"Yeah I might be young but I ain't on no new shit"
"Me too! When are you coming?"
"Drink lots of water everybody!!"
"grades submitted...time to go go hide"
"Good morning, school time :/"
"I'm trying to talk Kelley into it...I'll be sleeping...so I can listen to KPAM early tomorrow AM"
"One lie begets another lie, then another lie, and before you know it, you're a lawyer"
"They're going to love my 15/8 latin reharm version of \"Sleepy Time Down South.\""
"yesterday afternoon Rio Rancho, NM came back on line as far as internet services."
"oh they aren't? This is awkward..."
"are you worried that 5 more will appear to mourn it?"
"Happy Mommy's Day<3 💋"
"I know right?!?!"
"are you still in cincinnati? why have you been missing?"
"That deal comin' soon."
"according to game center, a little high,"
"I swear, I could devise a drinking game around spotting Barney Frank and or Bernie Sanders in political documentaries."
"Oh, your org didnt release a statement on gay marriage today? Shut up."
"You didn't do anything. It's a machine, i.e., about as intelligent as a head of cabbage. No, wait, probably less so."
"eat my shorts"
"Just found out the office building is 100 years old this year. I'm surprised it hasn't aged quicker considering its tenants"
"I'm lowkey geeked to be going back two his crib tonight. I getta see GABE!!!"
"THIS YEAR'S CONFERENCE IS ONLY 14 DAYS AWAY! DON'T FORGET TO REGISTER IF YOU HAVEN'T DONE SO YET"
"my friend Ben is working your mic tonight, say hello even though he's a man! Pshhh right"
"I wonder If will EVER read this and follow me?!?! (: it's the question that will NEVER be answered..."
"Morning Kimora!!! Hey lady you Rock!! Have a nice day!!"
"#cnndialogues how we treat out people can lead to a national security issue. How our country will or can prosper."
"#RandomThoughtOfTheDay If a person yearns for their friend but the other doesn't reciprocate, can the friendship still last or is it screwed"
"That might be one of the dumber ideas I have ever heard. If u are going to abandon your blog, go with #Google+ That gets indexed"
"Listening to v Georgetown with Homer and Mac. Last time I did this, I was 10, it was 77 and it ended pretty well."
"iHad a cool mother's day"
"burn yourself/ to become dust/ to reach cool wind/ above human masonry"
"So when the senior prank?"
"its not the same wen u spend Christmas alone it is wat it is have a good one #MerryChristmas i guess .."
"why don't they just.... run it two more weeks? Or, not have a giant hiatus in the middle?"
"Anyone who appreciates Gene Rayburn is worth following."
"Donovan McNabb is my hero"
"I'm at #Digitour2012 w/ & THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!!!!!"
"What's on tap for today? Fugazi and a venture into the great outdoors on this beautiful Easter Sunday. Holidays alone aren't that bad."
"Its whatevs lol \": the worst feeling\""
"Being a lazy fuck"
"RT : I love my team, man. last night was one for the books."
"Enough evidence for me!"
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.-- Alice Walker"
"Emails. Emails. Emails. Emails. Emails. Where are the NBA playoffs when you need them?"
"#lookoutjoe daily special: $.25 off any size Iced & Blended Mocha all day today! come get a drink and see what we're roasting!"
"Art Rooney: \"There seems to be an agreement that all parties have agreed on. We're close to the goal line.\""
"idk you look familiar lol? Maybe from down southside or something idk"
"another 12+ hr workday, and still not finished.. :("
"Thank You"
"Small screen satisfaction"
"I got your post card and it made my week."
"Looks like you're getting great results, congratulations!"
"peyton hillis is finally justifying his fantasy draft position. lol."
"Mittens has taken off the mittens tonight"
"RT : RT : Please don't stress contact now to get tested for HIV. We are mobile and It only takes 20 mins."
"Wow somebody help this man"
"Excited for Balloon Fiesta? Don't forget to stop by the Balloon Museum each day from 9am-3pm for Balloon Explorium: hands-on fun for kids"
"lmfao the dancing lobsters!!"
"Texas iss hot but I'm having fun :) def miss my friends/family too"
"It’s one of the best save money tips I know"
"Are you a MiamiShared member yet? If not, what's stopping you? Come by today for a tour of our awesome #coworking #office space!"
"Catch DJ T. On air at 5:30pm on Vamos a la Playa"
"Im so nervous for my pyschology final today..."
"My suitcase was too heavy because of my September Vogue. #typical. Maine here we come!"
"Patiently waiting *twidiling thumbs*"
"So what are your thoughts of the Ufc on fox last night? Both the fights and the presentation? What do you think it means for #mma ?"
"Is that a PC exclusive feature?"
"James glad to hear from you : )"
"join us for our \"Future Forward\" theme #charity event NYE! Space Architect John Spencer to present + auction!"
"Well duh, you're like amazing!<3"
"Feeling the Twitter pull too much, with too much to do; gotta shut it down for the day. Have a great weekend, y'all!"
"The ILA Web site is undergoing an update and is currently not available. We hope to have it up and running as soon as possible. Thanks..."
"ur goin 2 be at the VMAs ahh I am so proud of u! When u followed me u were tryin out for a musical! But look at u now! Lmfao"
"love you more haylee"
"i don't follow back rubbish,. please dont send rubbish"
"thank you do much! can't wait to stop in today!"
"Do you like talking on the phone? Is it just me who hates it?"
"Thanks to all who performed at our monthly songwriter series at Johnny D's. Nov's will take place at the Cantab Lounge contact us for info."
"AH! Finally the weather feels a little balmy! It's been so cool Spring hardly seems to have begun!"
"yes! they look great in photos! you can always buy your own for much less if you're confident in your ability to apply them."
"Finally off of work! 430, I thought u might never show up!"
"#ADay was way too intense but now ready for some #HungerGames !!"
"'twas a pleasure and an absolute honor!"
"But then I'll look a lot more lifeless than I already am."
"I'm so happy my hubby didn't keep his gender under wraps."
"Are you talking to us?"
"- Finish watching the movie now watching everybody hates chris...."
"Thank goodness :)"
"I'd love to talk more in-depth to get a feel for how we can ease your email pain. \"shorter\" and \"less\" are our goals"
"When things seem cloudy...just be patient and wait it out..with the help of God you will eventually see clear and understand"
"Looking forward to San Francisco next week..."
"Call your Representatives today & tell them to vote against CISPA tomorrow. The vaguely defined bill gives open access to our private data"
"imma try being here a lot ok lol so how was today ?"
"Oh Hil, headbands? Really? I'm not sure we're still rocking that look."
"We are playing in Villa Rica, Georgia at insomnia this Friday. We play at 7:30, come hang!"
"Yes. That is Johnny Brennan's Jack Tor...s as Scott in \"Family Gay.\""
"I walk into my bathroom and my dog walks out of the shower #whattheactualfuck. And she scared me too lmao"
"next time be more aggressive passive."
"What if my play is boring?"
"You quiting tomorrow.... Yeah okay #LiesPeopleAlwaysTell :oP"
"Has your account been hacked? This seems to take you to a fake Twitter page asking you to log in."
"gosh ;o i love your jeans ;o gimme that, please xD"
"my first real question! customer looking for books about the artist Every Langston. Yes, that's apparently the real first name. no luck."
"we like to discuss partnership in the EDU coalition with other major EDU tools. Who can we mail about it?"
"Thanks to Twitter, I never ever have to wonder what is watching on tv"
"freeze some pickle juice on a stick. Yum!"
"lol okay I can't wait to see what you looked like young. lol me too! k good night <3"
"Hey! I actually didn't even know it was #pride in LB! Sounds great though! HAVE FUN! let's have #funtimes soon!"
"\"All you need in the world is love and laughter. That's all anybody needs.\" August Wilson, born on this day in 1945"
"its all good. When you coming back over?"
"1 size fit all when relating 2 God? \"Frequency: Discovering Your Unique Connection to God\" 1st to email gets copy"
"Today detox at hard rock cafe, biloxi, ms poolside - audio set - can't wait"
"\"Winter is com-- Nope, nevermind. Carry on.\" - Game of Thrones character in Los Angeles"
":) RT : great meeting , & at #dh2012 see more of u tonight at cocktail party!"
"All she talk about is WANTING what I got! She mad! Lol"
"So what's going on? I just called the WAC, asked if they had any spots open, then laughed heartily and hung up."
"Thanks Rob. Look forward to seeing you at West Coast Casualty's Construction Defect Seminar in May!"
"Feels weird not being at the senior banquet I'll take anotha yr of hoopin tho"
"I could have had it downing ago if I wanted. I quit Lego causenit grew up :) bai"
"Actually I just don't wanna see you"
"Exactly! I so dont need to know all that!!"
"the Knicks failed to bring down the evil empire Hopefully the Pacers will be more successful"
"It's game day! Last day for the"
"I cannot bring myself to have a single optimistic feeling about that movie. I hope you can change my mind!"
"#Movember RT Tim Thomas' mustache is threatening to replace Thanksgiving as the best November tradition."
"Slow pig, madison, here we come."
"Cheers and good morning to you too! Up and at 'em and ready for a productive day! Make it a good one!"
"hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. also go hunger games! =)"
"lol i get on and i had pictures of feet in my face lol was gross"
"that's just gross"
"hope you can sir!"
"Up and at 'em!"
"Sleeper pick: LHP Grayson Garvin will join teammate Sonny Gray in 1st round and Vandy goes to Omaha in 2011.."
"Maybe. I have a busy day, so we'll see,"
"how was Teen Choice!!!"
"I'm watching basketball tonight :)"
"When you think about me do you think about seventeen?"
"dont tell me the lakers are seriously gonna turn this into a game 7 :-|"
"Slowly went away after I got a free glass of merlot, a bottle of champagne and an avocado!"
"I dunno. Unless you've read the ruling _itself_, I'm not sure you can claim #copyrightgeek status. :)"
"check your DM"
"Huge thanks to all who attended the Gold Crown Art and Film Fest last night!"
"Loeb giving Yahoo! CEO third degree"
"That moment when your like ewwie .-."
"kick some ass today"
"Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get inside deals and news!! Share with your friends so they can \"like\" us too!"
"Done with vocals going to gondolier for dinner and to hang my Annie poster! Nov 11th and 12th. Come see me perform as Annie!"
"and he is terrible."
"Isn't it #justsilly to start a \"99% enough\" war? We org with parents in Lynwood, SLA, etc. and we live there too"
"The joys of cleaning! “: just found a $10 off coupon - cleaning your room really does pay off!”"
"So who's gonna still be a MAHOMIE in 30 years?? I am!! This isn't no child fandom !!"
"Oh it's no problem at all! I totally forgot anyway. Thanks for letting me know though."
"Watched a good TV show taping today. It was fun!"
"The official hashtag for the American Academy of Religion - Society of Biblical Literature conference is #sblaar. See you there! :o)"
"stepped in gum three times this week with the same shoes. What does this mean?"
"Just sent you a DM!"
"It's like Kansas knew we where going to whip upon them in March! Hehe"
"Good steal"
"r u offended?"
"Just because I don't use profanity every other word, doesn't mean my point is invalid."
"7 runs twice in 2 games!"
"lame, let's work on getting out of the gravity well"
"Cool. Curiosity here—rather than full-fledged interest—about the history of medicine, but definitely yes on the other counts."
"“: Heading to SJ for the night, hope to see everyone at The Refuge show! support tonight is his night!” <333"
"that was a textbook challenge. So unlucky. Don't listen to"
"Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sonicare Floss Holders and most oral care products."
"Where will you be on #MayDay?"
"For anyone who wanted to come over today to shower, rinse your hands, or drink from the faucet, my water is shut off for an unknown reason"
"How did you know?!? #Expchat :-)"
"Off to the groundlings to act a fool :)"
"Finally found my neck pillow!! It was under my running shorts???"
"Please forgive the repeat sales reminders, but we don’t do this often, and want to reach everyone in our Twittersphere."
"I considered it. Mostly out of curiosity of what my jive walk pace is."
"I wish I knew what I did with my phone charger."
"Getting a little tired of ambiguity..."
"Thanks! It's great to be following you too! Nice website! Love the catchphrase!"
"noon on FOX, green flag at 12:01 (weather permitting)"
"“: My sister complains too much about not getting off the plane hahahah” yes I do. Cause stupid people are making me mad."
"hey bro, SICK guitar solo on Yaweh"
"Happy New Years!"
"Free Munch G !"
"I am ready for tomorrow. I have a plan. And I accept that sometimes plans change! I am open to possibility."
"I love this little hippie town!!<3;)"
"I like you."
"What we do is hard work, what they do is no fun."
"Yay! And PS loving the new icon."
"I'm trying hard not to see me when I am sleeping."
"time to b up to no good again lol"
"Theres a reason I dont fuck with girls that go ti the same school as me. So much less drama"
"Hey ! We're set up together at ! Our little part of the fest will be radiating AWESOME!!!"
"Today is more beautiful then yesterday! Im making a smoothie & heading for my tuesday morning Yoga...Happiness is walking home on the lake!"
"should follow me back!"
"crossword puzzles are too easy. Then again, look who reads the Red Eye..."
"Hope you and are doing well. :)"
"#ireallywant to be with you all the time"
"Austin, a quick lesson for you, youngster: You can never go wrong with a good STEAK!“: Hungry....but don't know what to eat?”"
"Weirdest version of \"Material Girl\" I've ever heard"
"Will do… it looks like a double header for me this weekend"
"wow! Too cool...thank you!"
"Appologies - The Oxford rower is fine!"
"Eating a vegetarian sandwich whose main feature is \"ginger teriyaki seitan.\" It tastes much less evil than it sounds."
"Downtown San Diego <3"
"Groups prepare Reagan home for season"
"aww! We were saying the same about you!"
"\"Sorry I was waiting for crack\"... Oh RENT"
"\"I must...live a good and faithful life...so that those who come after me do not have to start all over again.\" Etty Hillesum"
"You dont have to say \"I'm S I N G L E :)\" every 15 minutes.. We get it, you want attention"
"Shims, I would but I'm heading home for the weekend! I can't even meet everyone at Nordies! :( See when when I get back!"
"is now following me... Im honored :) y'all should follow her!"
"There sure has been a lot of awesome this week...70 degree weather, #cocoaconf friday, new iPad this weekend, hopefully more awesome to come"
": Thanks for spreading the word about !"
"I can dig dat to bad the pack ain't in it. still gone be a good game I'm sure the Giants getting ready to crush the patriots."
"remember about the tip Porfavore!"
"You were way off"
"square enix binge is never ending"
"“In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins – not through strength, but through persistence.” -Buddha"
"good night tweet tweet lol."
"I haven't been on twitter at all"
": Retweet this message for a chance to win a Tron-themed PS3 prize pack including Tron controllers & Tron: Evolution"
"Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes . ~ Henry David Thoreau"
"I know. But if he was any other person, he would've been run out of town long ago."
"i know but im always getting ready for work so i never have time"
"many thanks!!!"
"oh no.. well try staying up, then when its time to go to sleep, sleep, that way you'll be TIRED & CRASH!! the bed TONIGHT..lol"
"she says hi ☺"
"please follow me :D 23"
"Metta World Repeat."
"I wish I was back at the Pasadena PinotFest, I could dunk my head in a big bowl of Pinot right now."
"is excited to be presenting at the Georgetown McDonough School of Business Human Capital Leadership Club today"
"Welcome winter!"
"My pleasure. Great creed."
"Some ideas sound ridiculous only when you speak them out."
"Get soupy, Minneapolis! We have Tomato Bisque, Beef & Cannellini Bean Minestrone, Turkey Wild Rice, Asparagus and Pozole!"
"1960: Roger Maris hits two homers in his Yankee debut, an 8-4 victory over Boston at Fenway Park."
"RT : Big Momma aint get her foot cut off for this RT : I want some of those Birthday Cake Oreos."
"Is it Friday yet?"
"ncis will be the death of me. well maybe just crime shows in general"
"I miss you both so much already!! 😔 boo. Can we just be freshmen forever?"
"(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!"
"No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there�s always a person who wouldn�t care how you look because they want you to be you."
"Hope your well & hope to see you soon."
"Sent a photographer to Rangers Ballpark yesterday to capture the excitement of MLB Playoff action. Stay tuned for pictures early next week!"
"My grandma always asks what I'm getting just to get it too...my guess is if she had twitter it would be all retweets and no original content"
"Money is not your most pressure resource...it's time"
"Hey I didn't realize you were following me. I'm following you back now."
"It's not an up or down vote no matter how you spin it #DesignedToFail MT"
"Approximately 9,000 Americans suggested that about 12% of the general public experience #socialanxiety at some point during their lives."
"I <3 daylight savings time. That is all."
"computer speed! human agility! WE CAN REBUILD HIM!"
"Candlebox - Believe In It by amazing song!!!!! can't wait to hear the new album"
"I am noticing CNN usually picks things up about a day or so after it hits the Net. Bring back Walter Cronkite!"
"Entrepreneurial Lesson #7: Learn to work smarter, not just harder."
"Did we lose you on twitter?"
"Psyched to preview our new office this afternoon!"
"well it fits! She's pretty! She can sing! And she is hilarious!!!"
"My #yellowlab was having a dream he growled in his sleep, I did not think dogs did that haha"
"Guaranteeing that this documentary will become fiction"
"Lunch will keep us together :#ReplaceLoveWithLunchSongs #TheHashtagGame”"
"GREAT WORD!"
"Maybe your feet smell and your socks ran off....Hhahaha JKJK!! :)<3"
"I call mine Helga. Not in a nice way. (no offense to the Helgas of the world haha)"
"What's the best thing you ever got half-priced? If you're traveling this winter your answer will be OUR HOTEL! www.hotelhalfoff.com"
"austin just tweeted this account!!!!! :)"
"that's good! I play soccer sometimes, but I'm just working out now"
"I admit that I'm still amused by the fact that Slender Man is a random monster in Minecraft."
"1 prestige usually Takes about 20 hours to get ..level 15 equals about 13 days of playing cod lol"
"haha... how appropriate!"
"Your love is my drug <3"
"Recording music like a"
"The magnolia tree by our kitchen is like a neighborhood bar for birds. At least 12 in it right now. I think they just yelled \"Norm!\""
"Wtf!! Target and Jewel!!! I'm looking for my meds not the iPhone 5!!! Get yo shit together!!!"
"Don't get confused between my personality and my attitude. My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are."
"Have fun today! Hope you have good weather."
"I have a secret :P i don't feel comfortable keeping it. Ughughugh"
"Arrogance is ego plus ignorance"
"Yes, we did, and it was fantastic. (Also, that's not our knee-jerk reaction to big news, which is the issue here.)"
"If you don't want to get wet just walked between the raindrops."
"the #comedyawards forgot ND. We won't. Hope to see you next year."
"Nap time"
"So hot in my office today...yeowza... gonna have to wring out my socks... sheesh!"
"The Ursula dance last night was awesome! Got to see many old friends, and meet new ones ;D"
"Happy B-Day, Love ya:)"
"How can I help you-What problems have you seen-What answers are you looking for...oh and Hello"
"are u starting the first season?! Did u finish season 2 of skins?"
"Ha...my is so crazy that I have to laugh it of sometimes...I always try not to give up, but it just feel like thats best thing I can do. -.-"
"tvtvexahjec follow me"
"have fun on www.aaron.tv :)"
"yeah ur my SLAVE:)"
"Spell-check is like bumpers on a bowling lane. I'm ashamed to have to rely on it. What I mean to say is that \"accommodate\" is a stupid word."
"Appreciate the follows all!"
"yeah , my nigga ( ; what time we gon jump that mofo' bitch ?"
"did you have a similar experience? I can look up my old notes and get you in touch. send me your info:"
"Looking forward to a couple of days in Spokane at the Pacific Northwest Renaissance Society conference."
"i will send followers your way. follow me"
"Listening to Nick Drake's Pink Moon, just borrowed from the library. Soaking in it and the melancholy twilight."
"Yup! You want one Dustin?"
"Be cynical be crazy be whatever you want BUT don't interrupt the next person. That's the secret."
"Be tremendous."
"Going tanning :)"
"What are you reading?"
"Looking forward to chatting w this wknd about a hot horror collab! Excited about the possibilities!"
"Thank you so much for the RT! Appreciate it very much! Have a great day! :)"
"*rolls eyes and shuDDers* RT : The true horror film is you tweeting about a daughter. *shutters*"
"“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us” – Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"OK, this made me smile. Organization is called Certified Preowned Dogs. They rescue small dogs and find them homes."
"“: so excited for you!!!!” thank you!"
"Did she just kiss her dad...."
"bub, don't make me get in my sierra gmc 454 leveled out automatic extended cab and cum whoop your ass"
"Shout out to our #Ncredible homies go follow them!"
"I hate dry ass heat"
"OKC, just for Derek Fisher!"
"What? is on the radio now?? I don't suppose the Grammys had anything to do with that"
"Don't tempt us--writing is hard enough!"
"Currently listening to: The Lust Merchants - As Far As You Know on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com"
"hey if you like good times and drinking beer and probably grilling and murdering upstairs neighbors why not give me a call"
"Alice, one day I'd like to request that you do an article where you program your own television network. What would it look like?"
"The boyz are back the boyz are back saying the boyz are back reminds me of high school musical 3 where troy and chad sings the boys are back"
"Why, thank you! RT : you are a dream come true."
"#FF shout out to #TCDisrupt Battlefield finalists: and winner"
"\"I spent many hours in the bar arguing with other students about FRBR.\" -Jin Ha Lee"
"Its raining and humid, and middle schoolers are still riding bikes"
"it's been a min since i been on here hey hey"
"Just passed the national certification exam for Massage Therapy and Bodywork."
"Dont make a decision based solely on popularity, just because other people are doing it doesnt mean its the best choice."
"Today after work, I'm finally going to buy the first pet of my adult life. A Betta Fish from I shall call him \"Jerry Garfisha\" :)"
"FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK U ALL"
"created a kids'exercise device connecting their bikes to the TV via a radio freq signal. Video on our website"
"Biggie Smalls is the wickedest. Niggas say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick yo dick in this.#RIP BIG"
"Getting ready to play \"mr. mom\" today with the kiddos as works on schoolwork."
"My comedic stylings were fated the day my dad yelled \"I found the root of all evil!\", and I found him holding a tree root aloft"
"Would you ever date a fan???(:"
"Took me 15yrs to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.-Robert Benchley"
"Y NO DOCUMENTRY IN US. #usgirlproblems. But aw!<3"
"Been watching super hero movies all day"
"girl, interrupted is one of the greatest movies of the 90's . or at least i think so ^-^"
"good morning Thomas(: hope you have a good day<3"
"#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned being a pussy and not saying how u feel"
"My day >"
"It bothers me when attempting to make conversation with him but feeling like he doesn't want anything to do with you."
"Wish this man would not breathe on me"
"#SeniorElite 's gold party >>> prom"
"hey I love water too especially freezing ass water"
"It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its intrinsic limits and obstacles."
"Congrats to lucky follower number 1,000 - ! Prize is a free Offer to - 4 tix & a bottle of bubbly! :)"
"You can't buy happiness, but you can buy Nutella and that's close enough. :)"
"Third Annual Anderson v. Turpin Alumni basketball game on Mar. 3 at 7pm at AHS."
"Thank you for all the support. Tweets from"
"of course :)"
"Lemme turn this good piece of phone off."
"Lake Front Beer Battered Sweet water Organic's Perch --- tonight only!"
"my birthday is tomorrow (pretty perfect for me- good job mom!). remembers every year :)"
"I love you so much <21"
"John Simon~ Democracy encourages the majority to decide things about which the majority is ignorant."
"haha soon, just want to get it the best we can"
"Imagine if people really winked after a sentence in real life like they do In texting? This world would be one creepy place!"
"I'm just happy to have a tweet people are replying to"
"Huh? Why?"
"MT ('paracurricular' staff who work closely w/ faculty have to understand faculty culture, work process)."
"check out my baseball podcast"
"no worries, we can just invite him to the sweet database description release party."
"Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.William Ellery Channing"
"but there are too few of these? May get the truer story in the streets..."
"Typography, yes. I also believe the entire experience has great pacing throughout."
"Harry Potter: Harry potter movie peeves"
"we didnt go there yet. Haha. Everyone is ma house is just now wakin' up -__- lolol"
"Thor is such a bitch in his own movie."
"What's the command for hat trick again? :)"
"We're building a list of music industry innovators. Who are we missing? www.twitter.com/KeyManGroup/industry-innovators"
"Can this game end on four consecutive hit batters?"
"yes sir they are both BEAST !!!!"
"I wish I had a yoga mat in my office. Not so much for yoga as for napping."
"yes. sigh"
"Really unnerving how Twitter saves the text of the last unsent tweet. Same feeling as \"whoops, did I just reply to all?\""
"“: Playing some madden with my guy joe mendo”hunter told me u suck."
"The movie \"A Serious Man\" could just as easily be retitled \"Job: The Motion Picture.\""
"Waking up lately has been beyond difficult, thinking its the changes in seasons.."
"it hurt to stretch and walk smh"
"Apparently not all guys have balls anymore"
"i feel like a crazy person today! I have already emailed myself something instead of whoever it was suppose to go to"
"Ah, I knew I loved Denmark! One of my favorite places!"
"Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass"
"gonna start coming on here more <3"
"Men at Work member Greg Ham discovered dead by friends at Carlton North home - Herald Sun"
"Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right!\" -Henry Ford"
"u wathchin raw tonight?"
"Wow, all defense for the #Patriots with their first 4 picks."
"Saw you on CNN and you guys sounds awesome! Hopefully you are coming to Chicago soon. I also found my jean jacket...rock on"
"Today is my Friday, and I'm so happy I forgot I had a terrible headache! ::: doing the Snoopy dance! :::"
"The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today"
"Ugh! Danng this sucks :( #Dodgers lose 3-4 against the #Cubs. #Dodgers are now 18-10 in the season"
"my faborote song was dtummer boy"
"Does my avatar look like me? I want people to be able to recognize me when they meet me in real life."
"I noticed ur new book Flavor First has ORAC values. How would u explain what that is 4 those who may not know?"
"Feeling a bit guilty. I served cake made with coffee at a casual Mormon gathering. In my defense, I used decaf. And it was amazing."
"finally fixed google chrome!"
"#IGot5OnIt RT : Who dares me to respond \"Trophy Wife\" when asked my occupation in the court room? ????"
"Thanks for being my 100th follower"
"I use to cuss dat ass out every other day and get back together that night I'm looking thur the messages n shit right now lol"
"I hope there is some cursory investigation going on."
"RT Obama's in LA to promote his \"Forward\" campaign slogan, which is ironic since he'll be the only one moving forward in traffic."
"Jealousy is a female trait"
"you are beautiful you know why?"
"FYI, Mexican Wheel of Fortune is racy."
"Yes! Practice everyday! Just like you brush your teeth and take a shower, a singer must sing!"
"Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep."
"Papa needs a breather, see you all in 20. Nice work, RCRD!! Excellent bout thus far"
"Rationality attempted in an anti-smart-meter conspiracist thread on the neighborhood listserv. I know I'm going to regret this…"
"I think he's confusing the two."
"Good Morning ♥ ^-^"
"I didn't want to go to the same place every day and see the same people and do the same job"
"Andruw Jones really just got a base-hit"
"Oh you mad cuz nobody ever did it like me??"
"Porsche 356 to Bentley S1: Are these the most remarkable car designs ever?"
"that is so the 90's"
"Check out our NEW menu of the season! www.labelseven.com"
"I have a list you can start on - if you get bored!"
"everyone I know who participated in #dare at least tried pot. Not very effective program, waste of money"
"you better keep your fingers crossed for no rain delays or cancelled flights!"
"“: Happiness is a form of courage. #realtalk”"
"Don't nobody touch my kids....its a WRAP!!!"
"Now that I have plenty suggestions of locations for a 1920's shoot I will start working in making some of them possible!!!"
"Whoever's on here lookin at my page an seeing wat I put on here an run back to my girl an tellin her shit is a straight up bitch holla at me"
"RT : #PennAW don't forget to stop by the Bookstore this weekend, and check-in! 4square special will get you a free tote bag."
"Fat baby don wan no mo."
"LOL -- I think we got it"
"your welcome (:"
"Online right now. Lake Shrine has mediation services on Sunday mornings- look into it. I've gone."
"Did you notice it was snowing this time?"
"Uniform day tomorrow in JROTC the one day my grades actually benefit from me having that Swagg nobody else does."
"“: Ladies::Your TRUE friends will be like a good bra,, close to ur heart & there for support #friendship”"
"aim me taken5vegas"
"Warming up for the #concert. Tickets available at the #SandersTheatre box office."
"Do you feel that the brian characters sexualized relationships with humans has lead to an uptick in beastiality? nasty..."
"but don't tell that to Melky Cabrera as he goes after No. 6 and pops out off the end of the bat (that or he broke it)...let's go Buster"
"my desk soup drawer is always open to you"
"on the ground... Now to find a real Margarita! :)"
"Guys can deff fake sex... Who ever told u other wise lied to u..."
"yes hes awesome . Also Rob Stark us turning into quite a badass this season"
"Soulmates are people who bring out the best in you. They are not perfect but they are always perfect for you. ~Unknown"
"The star team tonight at Mercat.. Great job Chefs!"
"Where your tweets at? I thought your owner, , was helping u w/your account? If not, will bring u back here"
"Welcome on board brother! keep well my good man Brian!!! :)"
"5th Nicki Minaj is WACK #FACT! Now hop out my mentions B4 I embarrass you!"
"happy bday lincoln"
"#BostonSportsReport: Massachusetts backs off school bake sale ban – USA TODAY"
"You're on fire! Keep up the great work."
"happy birthday man"
"Today is friday the 13th!? uh oh!"
"Thrilled to have #beatthebridge this year!!! Thxs to a gr8 team - Despite the RAIN it was a lot of fun!!!"
"Whoa Bom your dress is so short!"
"I think that the republican party is imploding on itself. Better the devil I know than the one I don't."
"#ItsHardTo have 99.99% of Somalis listen and comprehend the message behind my vids, since most of them have ADD"
"that's why I left when I did. “: 2 of the homies about to fight each other and I ended up with ranch on me. Glad I'm sober”"
"Still news vans and people at beverly Hilton for Whitney."
"Happy Valentines Day! Place your order early as slots are filling up fast!!"
"My favorite C++ language feature is \"being difficult enough to keep the Ruby hackers out\""
"The only movie I ever cried in is Marley and Me....and when I say I cried I mean I was bawling for a day💔"
"People are going 5 mph on Henderson"
"No more talking guest mix <3"
"true, but goes back to telling people what they wanted to hear in'07-'08 to get elected. Also, minorities like TP in anti gay"
"whats the background on your computer mate?"
"Be the Light. -Rumi"
"Happy National Shrimp Day!"
"you excited for your return to Lambeau? Week 2 of preseason, can't wait!"
"Nice!! You best also bring some dollar bills! Preferably lots of dollar bills."
"#TwSIG you can block abusers and spammers. You can also report them."
"40 yrs since the greatest Saga, cinematic master piece released. THE GODFATHER! Anyone knws me, I prefer Mobster movies over gangster movies"
"Wednesday, January 25. I am tuned in Political Junkie on #NPR Talk of the Nation."
"Checking every day is even more important if you have nerve damage or poor blood flow"
"That sounds intentional -_- RT : Fresh can respond to everybody else tweet but mine smh"
"Thanks :)! hope you'll have an Awesome weekend too :)!"
"I was intrigued w/all your info. I listened to recordings like 20x :) Wanted to include all story details but word count limited me"
"Getting ready to live tweet Alan Liu's Ong Memorial Lecture: \"Transliteracies: The Big Bang of Online Reading.\" Use #ongliu to follow."
"lol yeah let's see what u say when u r 30. If u r already there and still feel that way. In which case that's just sad."
"why not dinner?"
"why does a butterfinger get SO stuck in teeth"
"if you don't make the show, we'll miss our #1 fan. Good luck with the filming!"
"The day we see the truth and cease to speak is the day we begin to die. Martin Luther King #occupywallstreet RT"
"A good publicist...is familiar with the key media in a client's area of expertise."
"In case anyone thinks Russia is our friend, I happened upon EL version of Pravda a few days ago: Obama. He's a \"street thug.\""
"AND U LOST THE BEST LOVING YOULL EVER HAVE!!!!"
"Join the club. Lol Kidding"
"u bang wit mac miller 2"
"Integrated form into our launch site today. Integrating and will be launching a new site shortly."
"Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise."
"apparently, problem is inclusion of SNOMed in UMLS was created by College of American Pathologists, wouldn't open up"
"Funk luv to all my mobsters world wide!"
"Definitely! Looking forward to it"
"Congrats! You won the gift card to Barbarella! Email me at & put your name in the subject line 4 directions."
"It is! The flowers are in bloom and this year there are a lot of black and orange butterflies. In the summer, lots of dragonflies"
"Accept all you want, advertisers know better RT Rush: apology accepted. Let's move on and talk about the issues. We're with you."
"Super stoked for #MadMen tonight!"
"Made my Wendy's stop, now I can officially get my day started :-)"
"I've only finished like half of it so far. And yes we're supposed to turn it in."
"Perfect, will give you a call soon !"
"I wish that I could be in NY today with my family. Uncle Romeo <3"
"i'm doing very good, wet right now (its raining here) but good. You?"
"I'm only kidding. How would you like to be the host of this radio show I've been planning?"
"Being a Cowboys fan is detrimental to my health for sure!"
"I'm sick again UGH MY LIFE."
"Gotta get rite for my son n his mother they want more n WANa do more and I do 2"
"Is that any different than when he was younger? I could never understand him."
"Tomorrow is Friday and I'm staying out the way once again"
"I am just getting hip..."
"she's horrible..after Chris Mann performed and she said \"this is a real man that respects women\" so uncalled for!"
": I'm excited too! I've had ppl tell me they're afraid to take Chinese herbs due 2 fear of heavy metals & chemicals from China"
"Sports Nation anniversary show live from Bristol 5-6pm on ESPN2. Happy Anniversary!"
"K. Dolby, 30, stabbed P. Molina, 17, in Veguita, with a knife. \"It is a pointy one.\" he said. \"I sharpen my knives a lot. I don't know why.\""
"Just test drove a Mitsubishi MiEV electric car at"
"is on his man period."
"Well, yes, there's that. And evacuating the city with 4 million other people is always an adventure here."
"forgot the NFL draft is tonight"
"My brain hurts from that test"
"I wish I were a Mariners fan. The wait for spring training to start would already be over."
"Call us if you are in foreclosure or behind on your mortgage payments - we can help you save your home - free consultation - (909 890-0105"
"FOOD FOR THOUGHT: \"The first to Apologize is the BRAVEST. The first to Forgive is the STRONGEST. The first to Forget is the HAPPIEST.\""
"Dreesen did save Elway's cell number."
"Dont lie you wasnt with me when I was shooting in the gym"
"Am I being petty for leaving a note on their car? I just don't like people parking in my parking spot. Now I have to walk 5 more feet"
"maybe I should wait to have one of those cupcakes. Might encourage her to stay right where she is at."
"Officially a senior"
"WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO FLORIDA"
"Thanks to everyone who attended auditions! Same time same place next Friday ^ noon-1:00pm"
"IM sorry! Imagine how I felt!!!!! I was scared I have lost alot of weight and cant eat! :( I Love Food"
"love the haters ;)"
"While Americans are buying guns in hysterics, actual political policy issues are passing through Congress. Don't forget your representatives"
"Clearly you get what you pay for"
"#20ThingsAboutMe If you don't talk to me I won't talk to you"
"we raise a glass to our friends , hope you guys have a blast tonight!"
"On Fireworks, says he's still trying to make up his mind. Tough decision, one that must be made by midnight"
"hey oh nd sorry my phone doesn't get the tweets u send me idk y"
"Make Voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else. -TW"
"I thought You were a cancer?"
"so i just realized that half of my bras are a complete letter size too small."
"Without prompting a meme or Tumblr page, join us for our next few tweets as we explore our \"Post-It Notes from Wednesday's Weed Binge\" ..."
"You'd leave Charleston for AL???"
"For portraits, remember, keep you lighting simple. Your subject is the complex part. Excel at something today."
"You sure can, but all children under 18 must be accompanied with a parent/guardian!"
"I figured it out. Republicans = Abecedarians. Look it up."
"You don't manage complexity by giving it all at once. You manage it through give and take --"
"Hahaha know you would :D"
"Would love to hear your music!"
"Its almost been a month already ;/"
"Sometimes you must unplug. But really happy to see we've jumped over 500 followers! Thanks, everyone."
"i got a cinderella ring today. i felt awesome"
"So glad I decided to check out the All Conference Welcome Party in the #txla12 exhibit hall. I got about 20 galleys. Free books!"
"Bed time."
"Ready for girl and patio time!"
"if they hate on Justin they were NEVER beliebers!"
"#tendaysoffisjustwhatthedoctorordered missing the work people tho!"
"Many thanks for the follow!"
"Headed to the Miami Film Festival! And warm weather!"
"Nuh uh that's how lazy people stalk. If you aren't going to dive into those bushes like a real stalker I just can't be bothered"
"Report Lists Many Flaws in Handling of 911 Calls - New York Times"
"\"Rejoice in our suffering, suffering produces perseverance, perseverance character and character hope...\" Romans 5:3"
"CAN i have ur gamertag??? PWEEAASEES? i got all the new zombie maps, plus im like 4th prestige! :D"
"Sometimes I wished my birthday was during the school year."
"Hey everyone, Stubs is going to take a bit of a break. I'm sorry to disappoint those of you that watch."
"everyone please follow my friend > he is very sweet, nice, and cool"
"A confident girl doesn't show off her naked body, she shows off her naked face."
"The 99th anniversary of the Federal Reserve Act is later this year and our the dollar has lost 99% of its value. Keep up the good work guys."
"is the daughter of the brightest star in the sky.. RIP Mom ~ I Love & Miss You more with each passing day~ You'll Forever be in My Heart ~"
"cool i got u ... i got this cuzzo"
"thanks for your perspective - we are fans"
"Quark or InDesign? We will explain in detail soon..."
"Have a traffic ticket. Come in to our offices located at 1391 Sawgrass Corporate Parkway Sunrise, FL 33323"
"wanna trade me that snack pack for the rest of this banana?"
"lol I like it"
"I love wine ."
"During sound test for last nite's show a artist asked \"Pink Floyd & Philip Glass - what show is this?\" Answer - It's !"
"LED technology are well-recognized and sought after across multiple industries"
"Thanks for the info. I'll check it out."
"“ I really need new contacts.”can't be that bad"
"RT: : Electric cars create less pollution than gasoline-powered #cars, #ecofriendly alternative!"
"best thing in the world #004652: pulling a splinter out of your finger before it gets totally infected. so good"
"I like the pacers because of my boy granger from New Mexico"
"sadly agree: everyone either stops using drugs -- end demand -- or legalize it. lets all just drink beer, eh?"
"and you're so much prettier when you smile..."
"Sliced tomatoes from the garden drizzled with olive oil and sprinked with sea salt and basil. Add cheese and whole grain crackers. Yum!"
"Thanks Deidre! How are things at Dragon Search?"
"Haha, I'm not sure about that. I just know those 3 things are my agenda for the day."
"haha if its nice out, get ready to catch ur first fish."
"Anyone know what group was driving those wonderful classic & novelty cars on the Denali Road Lottery 9-19-11 (Monday)?"
"Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia. ~E.L. Doctorow"
"Sup miss Canada!? TFTF, have a great weekend!!"
"Can I get a RT for the Champions For Kids Radiothon benefitting American Family Children's Hospital. Call 877-719-KIDS"
"Something smells like umm. Pizza."
"Poor Dirk trying his best to bring us back"
"I just caught you on CNN, I appreciate you speaking out for justice and I'm a huge fan."
"Your existence gives me a headache. Please, go stand over there."
"Cool name the world needed another Rasheeda, now all we need is 3"
"Preparing to do two more acoustic songs at Suzy's Bar Grill in Redondo Beach Open Mic!! less than 5 seconds ago via web"
"I will \"watch what I post online\" the day my employer offers to lick my ass in lieu of a bidet."
"Rain City West Printing will be closed December 25th-December 28th. Happy Holidays!"
"Leaving San Diego in about four hours. Already miss it. We must make this happen."
"Woot! My free shirt from MailChimp is here!"
"In honor of the Facebook IPO, maybe I'll finally watch that Facebook movie."
"VETERANS DAY SALE! 50 OFF ALL GIFTS!"
"This weeks special, order 100+ garments and get an added ink color FREE! Offer expires 4/8. Mention twitter to receive the discount."
"Breaking houses with Emmet, breaking beds with Edward, breaking tables with Zayn"
"and dubstep always on my mind"
"amber and I will be there too! :) -janie"
"Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. Henry David Thoreau"
"Is anybody moving out of a reasonably priced 4 bedroom in July?"
"I'm sorry, but if \"Grey House\" is emblazoned over your skyscraper doors, then that's not really what I'd call \"discreet\"."
"Hair Cut... Photoshoot in two weeks, can't wait for everyone to see 😘😲"
"With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable."
"Also, able graduate assistant will continue to manage in my absence to keep you abreast of museum happenings."
"Bella Napoli is the worst bakery ever...these cookies are steal! Ew"
"Hey , if I just started coming down to metro and picking up and trying to fix up the area can I have a building?"
"is the shit!"
"all those shows like that are that's why I don't watch stick with football,racing,and hockey and you can't go wrong"
"Trivia Time - How many vehicles in the KIA line-up have MPG ratings over 30MPG? What do you think? Can you name them all?"
"Remember that you can live without them!"
"being a man of balance, I usually go for both."
"Nerdy asian Starcraft battle. I can't join for lack of super smart ethnicity"
"#Rio fans: we have a great story coming up on the news at 10 pm. Will make you jealous. It's after 1st commercial break."
"Can't wait to tweet at you ALL. THE. TIME."
"Bought my cap & gown today. $50 for something that will soon collect dust in my closet. Any grad wear repurposing suggestions?"
"Just plain wrong on so many levels!........"
"Can I get a S/O or RT for my Bday please!!!!!"
"If it were 1986 I would be eating this up."
"Don't ever lie to my face!"
"Milwaukee's Best. On stage with drinks with fruit"
"Yup, I need to focus on that stuff."
"#Plusone Bash Jones \"tip the bartender\" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net/tunein.php"
"Watching Once Upon a Time, teaching 8 yr old Bob Fosse moves (aka MJackson), making spaghetti, 10 yr old making choc chips = awesome Monday"
"we love u 2!!!! #Belieber from all around the world"
"took you long enough ;-)"
"RT : Looking for a WordPress dev for ongoing PT work on NYC area, BP knowledge a big plus. Contact me! (plz RT)"
"did y'all make it to the circus"
"not me. I'm the one to say, \"I told you so, you stupid idiot.\""
"YOU'VE NEVER EVEN HAD ONE!"
"My man mitch!"
"Morale & engagement is huge!"
"You can run unlimited free reports, might a good way to keep track. We have a free account where you can save your reports."
"ok call me tonight ma\"am"
"“: Every time I update the Facebook iPhone app, it turns all notifications back on. I can't stand it!”"
"Exploring Vroom's decision-making model. Critics suggest it's too complicated for every day use, I disagree, it makes a great wall chart!"
"lol, i'm scared to ask my mom if she'll let me camp out."
"Robot Plays Angry Birds [VIDEO]"
"It bothers me when the GODS get to acting like the BROADS"
"Should We Donate Money to KONY 2012?"
"I think I'll release my inner Keef/Gram/Townes/Waylon instead and let that guy sort out the wardrobe ;)"
"He's growin on me now"
"Omgosh! Sonic on rt 22 east by the warren exit opens tomorrow! 9 to 11! I am so there! Who is w me?!"
"did you see that south park episode on chipotle? Haha it's hilarious check it out!"
"That's your brand. The older you get the more valuable your name. And no one else can take it and do bad things with it."
"Lol Girl It's So Many It's Crazy & They Don't Play When It Comes To Him"
"Definitely bracketbuster Saturday..."
"yes! i just remembered!"
"ok I have made time for #realhousewivesofatlantareunion its on!!!"
"Taking my lunch, again."
"Please follow me(; 16"
"Great blog! I really enjoyed it."
"happy mommy day"
"Sometimes things I post on my blog are hypocritical but they are my thoughts and thats the point! http//:www.artsalternativepath.com/"
"done with my speech. im so relieved :)"
"Can't wait for saturday night! Labyrinth of Jareth Masquerade Ball 2010!!!!! Daphne Kirby workshop during the day! I love life :)"
"If you're cruising through E. Rochester roll down your window and see if you smell smoke, Good Smoke. Any day now..."
"getting ready to work on our acoustic EP :)"
"Wait first please follow They're having a benefit concert soon with upcomming artist to raise money for charity!"
"I wanna trust #OOMF but I cant"
"DO U LIKE MY PROFIL???"
"When guys lead you on but then you realize that they tell a lot of the girls they talk to, the exact same thing they say to you.."
"likewise I'm proud to say i'm a Florida State Seminole but could not care less about every company ive worked for (not owned) in the past"
"More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth.-Napoleon Hill"
"CONGRATULATIONS TO THE KENTUCKY WILDCATS! (Well Done). My bracket didn't do amazing but I picked you to win it all."
"Good Morning Tweeps.!!! 😘"
"my mom just said instead of going to concerts I should just buy the cd....HAHAHA RIGHT MOM!"
"RT : Do you know why I am mad becos todays podcast of first take is not available yet for download."
"get @ me"
"gwen tell my 2nd mother happy mothers day"
"Agreed! : Listening to Zahava Doering ask a question at the April Award Lunch and wishing that she was on Twitter."
"Thanks, Barbara. Hope that your composing is going brilliantly."
"takes me 10 minutes to get past your nose, you walked in front of my TV and I missed the first half of the heat game"
"Zombies are looking for brains. Don't worry. You're safe."
"Can't decide If my allergies are bad or if I have a cold... Hm"
"sounds official... nah it sounds like they sell fake jordans"
"CISNC 16,804 North Carolina students left school last year without graduating. Breaking the statistic www.cisnc.org"
"text me doe before I get mad"
"Well my bracket is completely screwed this year"
"Love that!!! Thanks BigLee!!!"
"Thanks Craig! Heard much about you, hope we can meet someday. -B"
"True love begins when nothing is looked for in return. ~Antoine De Saint-Exupery"
"Tired of admins saying class size doesn't matter according to \"research\"- what research, who funded, what design, what questions asked."
"The Trailer is Ready to GO! We will be @ Czarnowski on the corner of Sunset & Dean Martin this Wed, Thurs & Friday! Come out & See us!!!"
"\": ~♥~No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. ~ Aesop #quote\""
"let's see the pictures!"
"Why won't John Chambers step down?"
"i say we are your friends you'll never be alone again so comon"
"Well, I am recreating a design on the iPad and I cannot use Myriad Pro since it's not on there."
"Global #smartphone data in Jan. was accessed 69.6% by Wi-Fi & 30.4% by cellular networks. I bet we'll seen #WiFI increase even more."
"You do amazing work, Munar! Thank you. Be well, Ryan."
"it's going to be a long off-season...I just caught myself writing Magic instead of May"
"“: is my new favorite country artist #voiceofanangel #addicted” well ain't that sweet"
"Why is scott walker turning my fair city into Miltroit? Recall!"
"“ Feeling productive is the best way to feel”"
"Not sure! Any recommendations? RT : Hey Chicago! What are you eating at the Taste of Chicago this weekend?"
"so empty. It's ridiculous."
"They should have a chocolate buffet."
"Thoughts and prayers go out to the people effected by the earthquake/tsunami, thankful I live in natural disaster proof MD"
"I agree. This all got started when I said let's write in Clinton. I was not a fan at first, but have an open mind."
"Car wash time with !!!!"
"Helen Keller born today, 1880. The first deaf & blind person to earn a BA degree. Prominent activist for suffrage, peace, equality"
"Congratulations to our colleagues at Shakespeare Theatre Company in Washington, D.C. for the honor of the 2012 Regional Theatre Tony Award!!"
"me ima g. a real ass g. what im sayin is ,...you caynt fuk wit me."
"Waiting to hear back about a regional commercial role, fingers crossed."
"eating lunch next to a guy with a missing ear. It's revolting. It looks the way a Vulcan vagina probably does."
"Michigan needs more infrastructure, rail & bus systems, btwn Detroit & suburbs to keep pace w others, Chicago, Atlanta,Boston!"
"People think they can bully the Heat because they know no one will come back at them!!"
"Waiting for ! ;)"
"If you don't stand for something, you'll sho' nuff fall for anything."
"East Village Body Shop offers massages: 1 hour massage for $60. Chose from Swedish, Hot Stone, Prenatal, Thai, deep Tissue or Reiki!"
"Mad as can be at you know who piss off yo brother can kick bricks!"
"RT: Smart Water is irrelevant. The bottles look like bullets and they always overfill it. So when you open it, it's like fuck ..."
"agreed. Got home from work trip and saw 3-3 score at half. Fighting tebows pretty darn boring."
"lol. I haven't been working the past couple of days"
"you're garbage."
"Jelly beans for breakfast! DAMN YOU, Easter basket!"
"Somehow got a 93 on my physics midterm when the average was a 54? #miraclesdohappen 👍 now if only ochem would go the same way.."
"HA! Need to be MUCHO quicker and go farther... but THX :) RT : Good going!"
"Im sorry to say it but the knicks are not about to win in miami ijs.."
"NO SERIOUSLY. I'm pretty sure that they're gonna meet you & be like \"OMG MYRI! OUR GERMAN WELLER!\""
"Just took delivery of my 1979 Excaliber Phamton II, $350,000 well spent, might take it out for a drive tonight in downtown Atlanta"
"#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X29"
"Oh right, it's Mother's Day..."
"Ah, gotcha. Whatever happened to The Poor Man? I was on that blog in its earliest days (02/03), but lost track after a while."
"YES GOD!!! & I watched that song 3X last week, then shouted afterwards."
"you really bout that action lil nigga YOU JUST CAPPIN....Fella"
"RT : 5-10pm:~CATCH Choice of Grilled Salmon or Large sea scallops~PRIME RIB~fried ravioli~1/2 OFF SELECTED BOTTLES OF WINE!"
"sent you a dm."
"Be careful about opening one door b4 you shut the other one!"
"Hi, there! I didn't catch this the first time around. Hope you are doing well today!"
"I can't say I like your choose! But I get it :("
"My little nephew asked if I would read him a story with a happy ending so I read him a Clockwork Orange and then I jerked him off."
"Oh darlin' don't you ever grow up"
"Oh, I'm feeling your heartbeat"
"Good PR day: Wall St. Journal interviewed a client for story: Then Rachael Ray's magazine editor agreed to taste test our client's product ."
"don't worry i have something to say"
"Are you making daily cash? 2% daily Invest what u want"
"I would rather be welcome in Heaven, Israel is NOT Heaven it's only another country build on stolen land."
"our pleasure it was a great read RT : Thanks for the RT! I appreciate the support."
"LOL RT : Poll: L.A. sports fever is NOT catching. asked, Do you plan to go to an event downtown this wknd? No: 91%."
"I am being crippled physically inside my Apt by use of device why are u allowing this to continue?"
"I love my friends for coming out kast minute. Fuck!!!!! Hbd tome"
"Dear , is there anything you can do to make your website faster? Or at least put the \"jobs\" button back on the front page?"
"a threat of love;) wink wink"
"Happy St. Patty's Day everyone... How bout a green shot...green chartreuse!"
"ok i think i have a pic"
"we would love ya'll back! accept the 10%! Give us another shot! & a round of beers for the table"
"Out of curiosity did you find any new organ music for yourself at KMEA this past weekend???"
"Tim burton is a beast"
"Always eat post workout. This helps to replenish all that you burned during your workout!"
"Up at 4 am. Baby went back to sleep, wife hasn't stopped. I refuse to work before the sunrise."
"We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us. –E. M. Forster"
"Great lunch with - will have to make it a regular thing."
"Hopefully i'll be able to clearly hear again."
"says: DC Fire & EMS in full water rescue assignment - nothing found. Units back in service."
"preciate that!!! do a favor and share that thang!!!! we tryna get it out there!!!"
"Beautiful day, people out walking & running. What am I doing? Heading to a scotch tasting w/some of the girls. It's all about priorities. ;)"
"Cara, yet again she tweeted alliterative suggestion"
"Can't WAIT to get to #Milwaukee next week! I'll be working registration on Wednesday! Stop by and say hi!"
"Fryman Canyon run after work...beautiful scenery and the threat of falling down a hill ALWAYS means going home with a clear head :)"
"well they finally got on the bandwagon. That's actual news."
"Dump Explorer! Switch to Mozilla Firefox and Thuderbird!"
"I'm back on the path of exercise! It's summer again =) time to shed those winter pounds and jiggles!"
"Choose local & independent & build a strong local economy ."
"I whip my hair back and forth... whip it real good. ;)"
"I'll be right there. I need a cuddle buddy tonight. Pizza and a movie? Maybe more if you're lucky ;)"
"We Are Against SOPA if it's going to effect youtube users from uploading covers of other people's songs."
"The first half of the Oscar Nominated Short Films that we'll be showing are the animated short films. They will run from 2/10 - 2/16"
"officially on twitter. anyone wanna tweet me or ??"
"Not going to lie and I speak the truth ... For a guy like me to succeed with you is impossible in todays world. shame on you"
"BOW CHICKA WOW WOW"
"Thanks for the follow back and"
"I could sure use a sister day.. Your the only one who makes me SMILE :D"
"Sitting in a room of people being totally distracted while planning wyldlife"
"What are your big plans for Superbowl?"
"It's not to early to vote for the Kiss Hot 4! Tweet your votes and he will count them down at 4!"
"Its going down @ 44 lounge 25 & up dimino & spades tourn byob food live Dj right now until come out and party E MountHouston and Homestead"
"I'm out and about at Uptown & Coronado, who wants a coupon?? To find me, you must know I only date superheros. :o)"
"RT : has just followed and you should too.... [tyvm!]"
"its nothing"
"That dance on the ferry was awesome!!!! Soo much fun! <3"
"Help me get to 300 follows by tonight?! :)"
"Kinda mest up But I Tried my best ! :)"
"yeah. you better get ready. (I see you walkin toward me. you slut.)"
"RT If u can believe in your heart that your Faith is correct w/ no proof required: you're ready to rise to great heights!"
"It's really hard to drunk text when you can't see"
"#10FactsAboutMe most of the time i feel like im alone and i cant go to no one for advice"
"For some reason, I'm craving shawarma. Anyone know why? (And anyone in the south SF bay have a good recommendation for getting some?)"
"sure, but so it's OSU's job to search a player's @'s and make sure no douchebag is tweeting him?"
"To say I've got it all...is to shell me short."
"I love that they understand we are uncomfy or nervous, mine take good care of me an I don't stress going there every 6 months."
"June 1 & 2 RT : hm sounds like fun! Maybe I'll stop by! When u playin round town again?"
"I love Buckley. Spent 9 years as Military and now my husband is civilian worker on base. Glad to answer any questions."
"Brenda Nietupski @ #kidscreen - Canadian preschool shows all have education advisors, in response to parent concerns & to support US export."
"Played duck duck goose today ahha lml testing has everyone goofy afterwards"
"The end is action, not knowledge. - Aristotle."
"You To Have S Good Day.!! -New Twitter Follower"
"McCormick and Schmidt"
"Just met with German American school. That is one impressive educational community resource!"
"RT : Incoming!! RT : How do u justify a 78 million dollar contract w/this type of performance?"
"What planet r u from?shane dawson !don't lie! I dare u to tell the truth!"
"; i minus well have cheated on you as much as you have accused me of cheating."
"What do you think will be doing in the next year? (: (tweet me)"
"Musical trivia night"
"I'm on a boat! (sail variety)"
"really good. Should be back in like a week"
"Sun burnt and sick. Great. -_-"
"Hey geoff, I was just wondering if there was going to be another archive tour after HoF game again?"
"up a small batch of bleach mixture(MANIC PANIC FLASHLIGHTNING 30volume)add it to 2 tablespoons or so of shampoo in a cup."
"we know you smoke HOE ."
"When did it become neccessary that food be \"poppable\"?"
"Finally got a Pinterest account!!! Be prepared for lots of links...any suggestions for a new \"pinner?\""
"we don't hate you we love fuck all the bitches that hate you.you are the best please fuck camilla up can't stand that bitch"
"everyone iove talked to today has an AAU game at east fairmont...all on different teams"
"Mornin. Have a lovely day"
"And reading advice"
"Cinnamon! Great in hot chocolate, s'mores, rice crispies treats, and so much more!"
"Nothing new, nothing old."
"Gotta love thos #NickyBallz :D :D"
"Is anyone awake? Someone talk to me <3"
"and Robert Horry."
"Check YouTube-HIT SQUAD REUNION"
"“: Being a white girl with a big ass is a rare commodity, like a Charizard pokemon card #CTL”"
"I met him. And yes."
"People will be most effective working on projects they are excited about."
"#HOW DID SHE DO THAT?"
"She wants to fall in love with you but she's afraid of getting hurt, afraid of lies, and afraid she'll end up with only tears in her eyes."
"Is the podcast on iTunes? I couldn't find it."
"loved the season premiere. So glad to have you back on my Monday nights. XOXO"
"Gonna sleep like a baby tonight 💤"
"I'm in the tent. You nearby?"
"Had an amazing class today with Tim Phillips.....an AMAZING ACTING COACH!!"
"THANK YOU!!! Same page!"
"Woot! 20% off for teacher appreciation this weekend at at on 14th!"
"WORD! \"gaol\" is totes ridick RT : Pronouncing it \"wroth\" is almost as annoying and pretentious as spelling it \"gaol\""
"Damn.. Somebody who cares is checking up on me alot >>>>>>"
"Thats a ducked up"
"Gracias for recent RT's! Happy Weekend!"
"Ok, that wasn't Larry David but THAT was DEFINITELY Albert Brooks!!!"
"Peace be with you friends. I am skipping out on social media for a while. Call me if you want to do something really real."
"Heading over to Travis High School to talk about politics again! Can't wait!"
"Merry New Year...I mean Happy Birthday to !!!"
"I was hoping Randle was gonna fall to the Browns since they still haven't drafted a WR yet..."
"Watching the game"
"I think that feature was released within the last week. I first saw it on :)"
"oh shit everyone watch out!"
"a little more GTL and he'll be good to go"
"RT : Ya know what would be a cruel joke? Putting 100 snaps on clothing for a wiggling baby you change in the dark."
"I wish Starbucks was a 24 hour place."
"FUCK!!! CHILDREN ARE HERE, DO YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY? TO ME IT IS NOT. MY FAV POSITION (WISH) IS TO KICK YOU ON THE BALLS!"
"10 windows open on the laptop right now.... All music related,"
"- looks like it's already switching over in Hoffman Estates!"
"Great! #UR pride, for sure."
"The best leaders serve out of love."
"Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die"
"Usually reserve comment on coaching since, as fans, we don't get paid to make decisions. But, WOW! How do u not call a TO there?"
"We want examples of your super meals. Let us know what your favorite nutrient packed meal or snack is!"
"We are at and excited to hear and Dr. Jafari present!"
"really don't want to go to a 3 hour long practice at school today. it's gonna suck cuz i feel like crap"
"yea, we caught that too...was really looking forward to her performance too..."
"In need of a GREAT PAINTER call SMP Etc Painting (585-690-1523) VERY REASONABLE and VERY PROFESSIONAL...insured...references available"
"#slapit like a 50 year old dancing at The Who concert."
"Good luck tomorrow...I hope you will choose a Padron as a victory smoke or to cheer you up if..."
"Just finished Monster by Frank Peretti :)"
"Just left gym got my run on"
"I'm lovin it?"
"CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Cacciatore - A dish prepared \"hunter-style,\" w/ mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, herbs & wine."
"will you be in SVL the weekend of May 10th?"
"Success is how high you bounce after you've hit rock bottom."
"im home ;)"
"#Twitter lists can be great tool to manage followers so you can read more easily."
"Pet Peeve: People who \"freak out\" when one can't handle being alone at a given moment."
"follow & ask for follow back."
"RT Thanks for the follow. To learn from some real masters, follow:"
"Fixed info lit largely for 'set' places (desk tops) for any type of query from a range of established tools (databases, etc)"
"Now I know I'm doing something right. (:"
"Richardson is the only logical answer to the Great Heisman Question, in the name of Science!"
"Working it in the club, lol"
"it's looking like the new steelers 3rd jersey will be the 1933 jersey. They wore this jersey in for a game in 1994 for the NFL 75th"
"Happy Hump Day! Thanks for the follow"
"finally social networking I understand!"
"is on-air. Who is your favorite Chicago celebrity? That's our topic on Ch. 7 today!"
"Hooooooraaaaaay! Hello train! Love me some 8am sales meeting!"
"Somebody actually put \"ZZ Tops\" on our concert calendar. Good God."
"who you like in the players this weekend"
"interview on - looking sharp and sounding like the classy pro that he always was!"
"Isn't musical drama the best way to tell ANY story?"
"There is numerous arabic pencil graffiti on the side of the SEL in different handwritings. Convinced half this campus takes arabic"
"LOL good advice:)\": lmao.. Word 2 the wise never eat what Mother n Law cooks!!!!\""
"What’s a good place to start learning music theory? How much should you learn?"
"Everyone getting high, Get yo head out the clouds.. It's amazing what ppl will say and do just just to stick out"
"RT Join the fight! Follow RT!"
"S.Taylor Signature Pie, serving San Diego by the slice!!!!"
"Thanks for that RT - been wanting to use that line for a while! :)"
"Region F is having a terrific meeting celebrating our #SWE region at"
"how often do you visit your library as a meeting place, for programming, or other \"library as community center\" interactions?"
"JonnyTEE on Island/Def Jam Digi Dist. \"Friday Night\" Video Shoot May 12th @ Sandbar Lounge in"
"Hi My name is Karah and I tweet a lot."
"yes! I've completely fallen in love with this place."
"Jamming to Alice Cooper"
"I know I know it's the worst"
"\"maybe so\" lmao"
"Progression,growth, strength, faith"
"got a $5 gift card for buying Charmin toilet paper at #target !!! Guess who got a new pair of shoes?"
"Ground Zero for the Pussyitis Outbreak!!!"
"Happy Mother Day To All the wonderful mom out there"
"I'm in line right now. Thought I was smart by coming in the middle of the day"
"Mad Dog Curtis signing autographs in Las Vegas w 3 grt Boxers (Mad Dog & Boxers) Norton, Shavers & Spinks @ Memorabilia Int'l Viva Las Vegas"
"hey there, this is raf"
"lol. We good. A on the way."
"will u follow me plz and HAPPY HALLOWEEN"
"Twitter and facebook completely blocked in China along with internet video content. Latest est. over 105 million christians in China!!"
"It's funny when people tweet you saying \"Who are you?\" Um I'm pretty sure Twitter was made so you can talk to strangers ;)"
"Sets starting......OTR"
"Careful, under #SOPA they might strike these words from the internet nad jail you as a terrorist under"
"Getting last minute stuff done for the Hear it From Us shoot tomorrow! Yay life! :)"
"you def down for rancid??"
"I'm so proud of the 2nd year MA/MS students in MSU Mankato's Gender and Women's Studies Department defending their thesis projects!"
"Space tourism? Really? It's a niche market with a few wealthy customers hoping their ride doesn't blow up as it screeches towards sub-orbit"
"What's good twitter mofos. My phone has been retarded 4 a bit"
"ahahahahahahaha. so love you for that."
"Good luck everyone!"
"I'm gonna try, I have a dance meeting at 6, so I might be a little late."
"Thanks for checking us out, glad to be following you!"
"u took me on knowing what I could turn into and had faith in me from first meeting u are a blessing"
"Cheating on your test is bad..but I can't help it lol"
"forgot its sunday relaxed but bored i wanna chill wit sum one"
"#RISD Annual Fund and Alumni Association are at iModules #Sizzler11 conference. Looking forward to better engaging with our alums!"
"Hello Paul have a Blessed Day!"
"Special ed. position available in Charlotte NC for 2012-2013.Full inclusion program; differentiated instruction, embedded ABA.Reply for info"
"FML NOT LOOKIN FORWARD TO A GOOD FUTURE FOR THE YANKEES IN THIS POSTSEASON"
"Troops: In your arsenal for tomorrow night, do NOT forget non-perishable food donations for"
"I think i got 4 of 8 playoff teams right: Rays, Tigers, Brewers, Phils. Bombed on my WS picks: Rocks and A's. Red sox and Braves the last 2"
"Ready for two days of Risky Business!!! JLurie was great at registration!"
"Damn you, Grey's!!!!"
"Every time the moon shines... I become alive!!!! \"KC\""
"The one thing u should never tell ur parents is \"i hate u\" cuz u could lose them the next day without sayin' \"i love u\""
"- True. His battle was longer. Oz was on the 5 -year plan."
"#SEME2012 day 2 about to begin. Excited about the young professional breakout lunch!"
"Spent the last 4-5 hours on the beach. Finally heading back to the condo for food. :))"
"RT : #GOD You open all the doors... I will be your faithful servant."
"not anymoree ;) LMAOO. i hated gym. -_- i wasnt even playing and everyone kept going after mee HMPPH >:("
"LOVE you!!! See you in 2012 :)"
"That convo was boring."
":O. I said yo name you didn't answer so I went to sleep . lol"
"Experiment failed"
"No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money"
"I have choices! Tomorrow night, should I go see or ?"
"RT : There is a thin line between, \"I should make a Facebook status about that.\" and \"I should talk to a therapist about..."
"Bout to start my hw"
"Your So Pretty!<3"
"Hahahahaha love ya! :)"
"i'll give em a listen. let me know when you're gonna drop them"
"Injustice could be eliminated, but human combats and natural boundaries cannot be removed."
"HAPPY FRIGGIN BIRTHDAY CAMERON!!!"
"awwe!(: I didn't know that! I love you! :)"
"Hey there Deliah what's it like in New York City? I'm a thousand miles away, but girl tonight you look so pretty, yes you do. ♥"
"Only @ Grand Central Market can you get spirulina, a hand made pupusa and freshly juiced carrots/apples/beets"
"How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?"
"Thanks for the post!"
"doesn't matter you're there so its caliente ;D"
"Me! “: I was like who is joshua pedro lmao”"
"#Coffee & determination will get me through today's work load!!"
"look who's talking"
"just got the funniest teacher from a teacher saying my midterm grade isn't uplifting & i should think of ways to make it in my favor"
"Bieber song stuck in my head I need some reggaeton quick"
"Need to blog about teaching non-techie pre-service teachers to use technology."
"Common denominator came on shuffle, then after that Turn To You came on. Skcksocioajcksjfieiif his voice. 💜"
"President Obama turns 50 today..."
"Please give my colleague a lesson on so he can bring back some info to me. Thx."
"My mom is 6'2\" and she's wearing wedges. Work it girl."
"Rockin' my Moxie with and in Ft. Collins, CO!"
"Electrolux Q1 core profit tops forecasts, keeps outlook"
"On the way to Wilmywood - kids are sleeping :)"
"had an urge to tweet."
"Funny thing: neither did the Sox. Yesterday tied for the largest comeback in NYY history."
"The new Lexington McAlisters opens today"
"what about sports that the BigXII doesn't have?"
"check out Eric's status about not finishing the race lol"
"it was xD hahaa gotta love Tim Burton and Johnny Depp! Lol"
"yes do it. I might need to now. I want to watch Raiders of the Lost Ark"
"Throwing meatballs right now. RT : You Suck! All you think about is burgers!"
"Tired and my allergies are getting worse!!!"
"It's okay to say no to a job that's not right for you."
"at least twiber is :D"
"Hope ya make it big babe!<3"
"The #Gators end the first period leading the #Buckeyes 2-1 in the #ALC semifinal game."
"hm? Ah yeah we all want an R8. A 4.2 would be just super - what more can anyone say about this! The gratest super car in my opinion"
"thank u too. Peace."
"CAN YOU RT THAT LAST TWEET WITH THE LINK OF BLOGTV IN IT? PLEASEE"
"mines to yo ! lmao pero the salon dont be washing my hair right though :/"
"ALCL 38Mil float, $.017 now, can get to 03 very fast... Book value is over $.08"
"So why don't you all sit down, listen to this tale I'm about to tell."
"Happy #Mothers Day, follow-worthy #moms:"
"Good work ! Boy van Poppel 3rd today at 3 Days of De Panne."
"yes I'm surprised & afriad that team will b dismantled if they can't turnit around"
"with all the player/coach movement, and I don't know the investigation, but no other teams with similar involvement?"
"my wifi is annoying, its slower than my lan"
"was a pun"
"oh hey"
"just had 1 bout an hour ago was delish but order w/ xtra kraut :)"
"I found a baby armadillo by the side of the road, nurtured him back to health,now lives under my bed and his name is Felix"
"You take away the pain and I thank you for that."
"Another advantage to not having all my apartment supplies yet: not having to floss."
"that's what I'm saying"
"Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: an intense but non-sexual dream about a workmate, a song w/ the couplet \"vagina sub/find some grub\""
"it def feels less crazy lol, I tried to recreate that as if u were here last night didn't workout haha"
"You said you loved me but oh now you flippn like recipricals."
"Where Olympic meets the 405 is the butthole of traffic."
"Well, fuck you too."
"oh wow hon"
"if drizzy say get her ima get her"
"Nail shop flow, pick my dress up from the mall, pick up mother's day gift. Then back home with my fam."
"I'll be very glad when the Search API is just part of the REST API and no one has to worry about differences again"
"Damn, is on my Netflix. Kids watching old Shark Weeks and there's Matt jabbering at me in HD."
"Good after noon to the world, I have figure out what I'm going to do today"
"I'm not sure why, but I have a sweet soft spot for I really hope he wins the battle."
"The choir set it off at both services...it was crazy! Maybe I need to go away and come back more often...LOL"
"Why replace Pacsun with a Lego store? ..No just no"
"Wonderful day for and Twins Territory! Happy home opener day for Target Field!"
"“: wats hap'n at Loca tonite?” drinking and dancing!!!!!"
"saw the movie & all I can say is this, \"Go to the box office, and bring me my movie. The one that has Bad MF written on it\""
"Realm Of The Mad God was fun for 2.5 minutes. I will try for 3 minutes tomorrow."
"More #TopGirls table work tonight with"
"Oh I do too! It's totally back now, haha. Some of my fave new records are sort of 80s throwbacks"
"Finishing Couggtry's work I procrastinated... gotta love it."
"Wtf?! Fine... I'm not going. I refuse."
"My 3-year-old just said he was \"ready for a humungous nap\""
"the janitor at harold washington is blaring earth, wind, and fire"
"TF im go do without my phone ????"
"I wish i was a twin. 👯"
"m he hurt his leg like 2 weeks ago and idk he's been getting skinnier after that"
"\"this assault will be devastating and will have no impact on getting our economy back on track\""
"you have a lot of questions haha. hope you're having a good night out!"
"Word. has a dream that will STAY A DREAM. lol."
"someone do my taxes! there is no reward. just my company- more like me staring at you as you enter numbers. Sound like fun? hit me up! :)"
"Ladies-if he only treats u like a queen and feeds you steak on Valentines Day, then you need to reconsider your relationship"
"Minimum $40,000 a year to incarcerate someone regardless of what they did. The highest prison population in the world. \"Land of the Free?\""
"Bruins In a crucial game 7"
"Let my love adorn you !"
"nah, he's a maniac. Did it jumping, somersaulting, and head first."
"hey :) whats up?"
"I'm feeling pretty frustrated. How is it that everyone I talk to about ADL Center says it sounds so great, & we're still 101 in the Refresh?"
"#VIP #Follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Thank you Mike for your kind and sweet words and shoutout. Have a lovely Week! : ) XOXOXO"
"come to Davenport plez"
"Got a good picture? Send it to and it may appear in the Chicago Citizen."
"So many strangers in my tweetfeed right now!?! Then I realized is a retweeting machine tonight"
"geez you know Elvis got at least manslaughter in Jail House Rock !"
"trying to quash the urge to write poetry when my thesis draft is due in nine days"
"If you know me well you know I hate coffee but boy am I knocking it back today. This should let you know how exhausted I am."
"looking forward to the next one!"
"Curious- do you think people in sun-soaked cities send twit pics when it rains? Like, (picture) \"Rain! Ah..\""
"Rushers Rock (:"
"that's good, it's better to find a accepting church"
"thanks! i'll check you out :)"
"RT RT : Only 37 more days to go until Opening Day..."
"Love me or hate me I don't give a sh*t ok so"
"I'm leaving to go around 11-"
"Check out our new app for iphone and Android. Search \"california VIP\" or call 619.226.1121 for details."
"But I do look 4 them 2 make up for it on the other end of the court. Not playing hard after the mistake is what concerns me."
"12/18/11: The greatest February day ever in the history of Michigan athletics. (Probably)."
"Chilling whit my family on my day off enjoying myself.."
"Yes! RT nice to see tweets about #mgt340caw , brings back memories from #vitotheguido. didn't win but had most swag :p"
"no she doesn't."
"it was an accident:/ you shouldnt have pinched me first and yeah yeah whatever.."
"If You're A Bielieber , Follow :DD"
"Hey! When are you going to come over to my house and give me the gauges? Oh, and you need my address, don't you...xD"
"Kid in my class told me Star Wars wasn't real. I told him it was in a galaxy far far away so how would you know?"
"...thx...sending 2day info of the play from Centennial Productions."
"Fuckkkkkk Parent Connection!"
"Oh my goodness! Bach's pieces are divine, but always challenging. Are we going to get a listen? Pretty please :)"
"\"Coloring\" > Chemistry HW"
"what time we gotta be there"
"way more dog tags shun Whats good!! Eat that Rex🔫"
"So excited for tonight!"
"Happy 175th birthday to #Chicago!"
"Good luck to everyone competing at kwon sunday! Let me know how it goes! Oussu!"
"Never dull your shine for somebody else. ~ Tyra Banks"
"Awesome, thanks :)"
"I would look like a complete dumb ass with out auto-correct"
"Check out a very cool dude as well"
"Time Warner Cable Sports launching 2 new regional sports nets to serve Southern Cali. New exclusive homes of Lakers, Galaxy & Sparks."
"So sad...got robbed so no music in my car just my little ipod<3:/"
"Your anger is misguided at a player who has busted his ass the last 45 days and are vilifying for momentary respite instead"
"Thank you God for a Sky Tonight That Is Kentucky Blue!"
"Adele samples. Get on that level."
"guys seriusly spec ops the line is a master piecee, i played the demo yesterday and i was so surprised, i will definitily get it :D"
"Qwrap) Susannah Rockman-Lee Learning Technology Manager, thank you for the quality discussion and new technology to ponder."
"Yeah I cried during October baby and you say anything to me about it I will have to hurt you."
"And Hudson played with Lorraine Bracco's dog this morning. Who else will we see today?"
"what email do you want me to use? I will add you to my invitation list"
"Don't confide in anybody."
"eerp, can't DM until you follow me, or DM me your email!"
"Haha, gives the Home Run sign while trying to signal ground rule double."
"why have ex and non-ex tags? non-ex doesn't seem player friendly at all"
"RT\" These Dane County judges are just aiding voter fraud in the state of WI. Trust me, I know A LOT about fraud.\""
"My wife & kids make my life complete. Always calm me down when I need it. Being a good husband & father help make me a better man."
"DMEcollective.com We the TRUTH!!!"
"I fought a tuna for an hour once, 150lb yellowin and a tiger shark ate it like a chicken wing right next to the boat"
"Serious red hair envy has been going on for a while now... dying my hair red TONIGHT."
"Hello world"
"Jennifer Thomas in musicology - world's largest digital motet database"
"Heard your new single and I loved it!! Great job!! :-)"
"Oh so now is competing? e__e arre *puts sleeve up*"
"game night?"
"Transcribing Middle English like a BOSS."
"Just got asked if I was 's brother or girlfriend."
"I live for my women, but when the mind don't see me & only sex I gotta go!"
"to bad.....I've never used cherry Chapstick in my life."
"thinking of good ways to april fools sean in the morning. suggestions please."
"“: I love making movies. A lot of fun stunts on set today. Time for me to get some rest! It's a wrap...”"
"#Congress: “#Afterschool programs are a matter of supreme importance!” –Sandra"
"So glad y'all loved Astoria!"
"fair enough. love you, too. sometimes. ;)"
"#IMissTheDaysWhen people under stood each other"
"too bad it's not verizon!!"
"2 days isn't enough at this point LoL. NOT ENOUGH AT ALL!!!!!! We're basically going to be a wasteland soon."
"Composing some new packaging"
"no prob. good luck on the new beat!"
"Church in the a.m.... Goodnight lovelies!"
"I'm doing great!! What about you?"
"“: What in the hell just happened at Rio Tinto stadium? #MLS” nothing. The game was at HDC."
"where would the QR Codes be? On a power point? Poster?"
"I try to tell myself that quite often... Hahahah"
"Ugh...that's tacky...I take it wasn't complimentary...that's too bad"
"me ignoring ?? WTF"
"Is there a woman who has believed in you and loved you unconditionally? (I bet a few.) Give it in return today."
"There are a lot of people that I have met on the world wide web, who I hope, will never breed."
"lol, you delete it"
"umm, relax? At least for the summer"
"Next semester a nigga got 1 class on mondays and wednesdays and no classes on fridays, oooooooweee fuck school nigga!"
"Listening to cannon fire in the background. Something must be up at Conner Prairie."
"Haha no one has finished their socio paper yet xD so funny"
"jello shots + birthday cake ="
"Nah guys, I'm the one and only(;"
"Spoke this afternoon to USSEA in Parkersburg to discuss school service employee issues. Steak Fry fundraiser tonight for Glen Dale Baseball"
"RT Damn! RT : prayers are wit he dinged up his knee in the senior bowl and gotta get an MRI! <- OH NO!"
"you all just tweet so fast ...."
"A2: Not a huge fan of uploading video on the go due to the many complications that occur, plus we like to edit a little."
"people in my house always fighting and just starting drama just shut up theres kids in the house"
"O intrigue! RT : Tomorrow is the biggest shoot of my life. I'm excited and can't wait to share it with you all."
"I've experienced a lot of really bad service lately. Am I wearing a \"kick me\" sign I don't know about?"
"The new iPad 2 typists seem to be doing a lot better than the first time users a year ago. Much more love for the virtual keyboard."
"If you do make it, it will be great to meet you out of cyberspace :) John"
"Hi Michael, thanks for the nice words. -Jim"
"That thing got turned around in a hurry, it was like he knew what pitch was coming!"
"F.I.S.H is the new Y.O.L.O"
"ATTENTION UNITED STATES RESIDENTS! We will be selecting individuals to join our \"R3Pin CR3W\" though out the United States!"
"Much thanks to and for following :)"
"If you live in #Oklahoma and have #naturalhair contact for a consult and/or natural hair care products.New store coming soon!"
"You are welcome! We love Hope to have her back soon."
"My then-best friend and I would go and people watch. It represents a period of my life to me."
"really good documentary on Netflix about Vogue mag, The September Issue"
"Doing boring homework:( while listening to IM5 ! :D"
"hm its not letting me send bbms to u :("
"At Fenway. If a lefty is up you might see me."
"#Today: Take 10, yes, just 10 short minutes for yourself. Do whatever-anything, but that 10 is your's alone, a gift from you to you."
"I know! I try to hold myself back from cockiness until it's all over ;)"
"chyeahhhhh. Saw him at pride last year!"
"Audition tomorrow. So long since I've auditioned 4 anything (don't get me wrong, that's a good thing), that I'm a nervous wreck! Tragic."
"think positive, think #comeback. otherwise watch #Nats game. they may be best team in #DC right now"
"Where can I view your photos using strobes?"
"I have a great passion for living in the Burgh!"
"i hope and can still see each other a lot.</3 i love them both!!(:"
"waking up this morning was worse than waking up at 1030 on a Saturday"
"& our scars remind us that the past is real, I tear my heart open just to feel."
"I'm bringing the funky bunch with me."
"Back 2 peeling eggs- we discovered electricity; walked on moon; launched Ipad - BUT no one invented a hi-tech home egg peeler"
"Sometimes ya just need a vodka tonic."
"All guys hate the words DONT and STOP unless their put together"
"have you tested Google + for collaboration?"
"Fixing an RV has never been so sad."
". Hey girl friend!!"
"Truth'd. RT : Another playwright #ff. , but you can (tentatively) call him Chain Lightnin'."
"the ap english test nerves aren't hitting me right now. i really should be sleeping."
"he is a 16 years old singer,he is very talented. you can watch his videos from Youtube :)"
"Thanks for the follow; if I'm ever in France, I will have to check out your resort!"
"Icey with it!"
"aw man! I'm so jealous!!!"
"is watching the original Grey Gardens documentary...creapy"
"they finally have WiFi to LA? of course it does, not that i'm not going up regularly. well, yeah for you. :)"
"Social media would add an exciting layer to Jeffco's employee wellness efforts though."
"Lam. 3:21-22 Yet this I call to mind and therefore I have hope: Because of the LORD’s great love we are not consumed."
"Send a wish to our company dancers by posting on our page! They would love to hear from you."
"excited to celebrate #EarthDay with #GWU this Friday! We're cooking up some delicious treats...."
"Fruit bowl was gone until Saturday for some reason. Had some maple syrup brew too which was also gone."
"thx for the twitter push tonight JT!!"
"Need to charge up your brain? Grab some protein. Chick fit-hit bowl has 29 grams of protein"
"Sorry folks, Palin does nothing for me. We must find a better cand. to rally around. Her wink turned me off initally, no way can she win."
"A smile is the most inviting of all gestures."
"Miss Loretttta I'm ready for the rest of my tour... Hahahaha Killed it in"
"Jamming out to accident waiting to happen bringing back that monetary walk"
"#AHA2012 Make sure to stop by NEH Table this week! Officers: Josh Sternfeld, Joel Wurl, Dan Sack, Jen Serventi in attendance."
"Carlos our sound guy killed it last night, only 4th show with band. 5th member he is. here is to sound guys+girls who know their shit."
"So is in NJ signing autographs at Toys 'R' us when I'm still in Florida .. he should come sign autographs in Sanford, Florida(;"
"Tehachapi man who died in collision on Highway 46 remembered as tireless volunteer - Tehachapi News"
"Ew that Martha chick on my TL! <<<<"
"thank you so much! ugh, i just thought about what i really talk like."
"yep that would work."
"PURE by Baggott is pub'd as adult but I'm sure it will have crossover interest with teens."
"GO FOLLOW NOW!!!!! JUSTIN IS FOLLOWING EVERYBODY WHO FOLLOW SHE NOW!!! BE QUICKLY :O:O"
"Yes I know! I broke the 3 day cycle...had too...woke up at 11 am sharp Today! Getting work done, feel really refreshed! Thanks!"
"Robert Cunard Model Agent just booked 2 models flying to Hawaii for a major motion picture! Great Day here in LA!"
"Trey songz got sum bangers \"Heart Attack\" and \"Sex Ain't Better Than Love\" is the SH*T!!!"
"Did I miss the day when Obama dropped Biden and added Hilary Rosen to the ticket? What a non-story"
"NuggetHead Savings Tip on working from home - You only have to shave every other day or so extending your shaving cream and razor expenses."
"How many more wins does NW need to get in? 3?"
"American Credit Acceptance is the worst finance company EVER!"
"We are thankful to all of our wonderful clients. What are you thankful for today?"
"Watch \"Dan Rather Reports\" -- on now on HDNet -- to see segment on -- we're up next!"
"Happy to see numerous magazine and print culture panels at #msa13, along with a few on DH."
"Check out Greg the hero."
"Chris Peterson to Penn State?"
"Excited to try some bites from #ElCentro #Teranga #Stella at #TOSE12 tonight!"
"I need to have a shower soon"
"Happy Friday!"
"badger care plus | The States Insurance"
"I would assume the good and reschedule."
"and sorry for being weird and creepy today"
"Will his Bug be ok? Hope it's not a difficult fix!"
"This is fantastic. Thank you! Great to meet you and I'm looking forward to Twitter stalking you in the months ahead :)"
"Tonite EMBERS, a jazz opera, based on the novel in poems of the same name by writer/poet/teacher Terry Wolverton."
"“: SPOILER ALERT: Santa isn't real.” haha! Nice"
"I gotta say, this postseason has rekindled my love of NBA hoops. Haven't been this interested since Brian Winters was knocking down 3s."
"...no I wasn't. you said that earlier! remember!?? :)"
"“: I plan on putting eggs all around the nursing home to lure in new quilters...”"
"When the hot persons sad everyone cares but when the ugly persons sad everyone is like oh."
"Masters are in.. Loving them!!"
"I KEEP GETTING DISTRACTED!!!! D:"
"yep yep"
"real talk niggas gone be mad at my next production"
"So #Calipari is Grand Marshall for the #PegasusParade today?! I'm making a sign. Suggestions on what it should say?"
"Yahoo CEO fired for pretending to have more degrees than he has; Romney pretends to have fewer."
"Is it bad to use tanning lotions on tattoos??"
"Got 3 pieces of snail mail from Verizon today confirming decisions I made on the Internet. One of which was enrolling in paperless billing."
"Humor: The Right Sign | Scott Levitt&#39;s Tuesday Tactics Newsletter"
"Your blog is oustanding! I really enjoy reading it and passing it on to our CTL."
"Q: Why did God create man before woman? A: He didn't want any advice."
"Happy Monday. What's on the agenda? Plan ....plan....plan."
"Anyone notice Greg Jennings holding his arm tight to his body after the missed TD catch? He must have hurt his ribs sometime before that."
"I just killed a huge spider crawling along the floor with my shoe. I don't care how big a spider is, nobody steals my fucking shoe!"
"majored in heartache."
"Texas is big enough it can be its own country...well, hell-it pretty much is!"
"On Nov. 21, 1864, Mr. Lincoln wrote a letter in which he spoke of \"a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom.\""
"Looks like #diablo3 servers are crapping out again."
"Twitter is dead today."
"\"Voluntourism\" - volunteer tourism. That is a new term I can completely get behind!"
"Froedtert & The Medical College of Wisconsin () has appointed Lee Biblo, MD, Chief Medical Officer."
"Doin what I gotta do."
"Bewley fans are waiting. We want to hear from you. The pressure is on. You have the story:)."
"Last couple quotes from #Baldwin on #SOPA: I’d love to see us be able to take some positive steps forward to confront online piracy (....)"
"Fading into the darkness of 75 watts here, 75 watts there, another 75 watts in the hall, fading into the bright darkness..."
"lool ok (:AustinsHairFolicles? :D that one was stupid lol. im done now. and btw im just hyper/bored so ignore me right now lol"
"mindless behavior will be at 106&park tuesday everyone tune in and show your love and support also GO VOTE RIGHT NOW FOR THEY VIDEO \"HELLO\""
"Somehow they always ruin a good day."
"You mean by choice? Or by lack of available (and costly) protein? One might argue being a vegetarian is the ultimate snobbery"
"follow for music,latest news, internet marketing programs, online earning methods, twitter tweets and to grow followers."
"will there be a graduation party?"
"#FF for '05 grad who lives and works in the Boston area"
"I just saw you guys at Tampa international? Confirm or deny!"
"Rise of the planet of the apes starts today. You have got to go and see it!!"
"Why do British people never sound British when they sing?"
"Back to back Saturday nights in Philly spent doing work. It's time for a real vacation. #Kentucky and"
"Hey #craftbeer lovers! Tonight we're offering Bruton di Bruton @ $7/glass or $22/750 mL bottle! Mention this tweet & get an addition 10% off"
"Damn Skippy! Our schedules are polar opposites, but I'd really like to try and make it happen!"
"The awkward moment when you watch Bridesmaids with your mom and the first scene is a sex scene....."
"well, I'm watching glee."
"thank you for partying! What a show tonight! “: Thank u for some quality techno tonight!!”"
"Should have switched my eztag yesterday. Dang it!!!"
"you should be paying attention in school!!"
"- it added to it in some crazy manner. Great event with some sick super fights from world class BJJ guys and gals."
"stop it. Do you really not watch it? Its, well...still Amazing!"
"Guys.....who wanna my BBM pin ?"
"so confused right now lol...what just happened."
"5.99$ love :) Super worth it! Aha x"
"“Even if you stumble, you’re still moving forward.” Just get up and keep going!"
"30 days to go - Shabbat Shalom -read Shabbat O Gram -(Leon)"
"So far so good! Go #49ers #ducks !!"
"The finish line is in sight — are you reaching your March for Babies goal? How are you getting there? Leave us a comment!"
"is one of the coolest and sweetest guys ever. (:"
"Pretty sure I just heard \"happy Cinco de Cuatro!\" Nicely done, That is the opposite of correct."
"yeah me too I love it thanks !!!"
"where is Corinne cam? On cmt website?"
"Ant then #worldpeace got ejected. I love LA"
"An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body. - Jim Hayes"
"Not a 4th and a 7th. Just got the 7th pick in the first round, and a 4th round pick"
"Lol all these niggas talk about loyalty but they cheating on they girl nigga you not loyal"
"Historic buffs and those looking to get a feel for the fateful voyage of the Titanic with the newly available Titanic app"
"Schools out for summer. Schools out forever, out for summer, out til fall. Oh wait, its fall. Who else already misses summer?"
"G.G. knows who she can pull that pretend bad girl act with. Somebody give her a reality check."
"one of these days ima kick your ass and I'll be the one laughing ha ! >:)"
"Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me31"
"Today in Milwaukee history. The win the #NBA Championship in Game 4 of the Finals. Milwaukee 118 - Baltimore 106."
"I describe myself as large enough to not tickle but small enough to not wake you up."
"i just rubbed one outta the ballpark, you guys."
"\"However if it is about $$$, at least bring more to the table than looks... Oh well, to each her own.\""
"This just in! Jerome saves girlfriend from giant spider under fridge."
"me either, it takes time."
"haha I see I see..yes you should let him out so he can see the new year"
"Thanks for favorited!"
"I will PackABag&Go to Dayton to surprise Mom on May 4th not a surprise now? :)"
"We are getting ready to have the BIGGEST ABA Pro Basketball Season ever in 2011-2012. Great things are happening!!! Stay Tuned For Details!"
"Want to know more about local pet events in ohio sign up for our e newsletter on our website WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org"
"also let me know when you might be in New York and I can arrange a meeting. Call me so we can discuss,or lets meet up."
"pitbull is sexy... i love him.... yeah"
"Heading to Redondo Beach for a week. Just realized was Sat. Need a ride. Gas money and beer."
"You are an inspiration to everyone. I wish you the best life, and i hope you will notice me someday :) xx"
"Perhaps we need to start our a snarky button product line..."
"Now that I actually get trending and that shit twitters not as annoying as I thought some of you are still out of hand though"
"Mann I'm waiting on u today just let me kno when u coming out"
"Listening to Chuck Prophet \"No Other Love\" from soundtrack P.S. I Love You ..."
"bon voyage + don't forget to write! xo"
"thanks for the follow."
"What's my mom say right before she hangs up? \"Have a shot of tequila, and say hi to the dog for me.\""
"love her, kiss her, hold her, smile with her, laugh with her. But don't make her fall if you don't plan on catching her."
"The difference between the successful and the unsuccessful is not the absence of obstacles, but the presence of perseverance."
"current #breakfastobsession pineapple chobani with granola & frozen blueberries"
"who's appearance was more important? or"
"Just finished a two day class with Savvy Actor. Learned all kinds of techniques to help actors market themselves well. Highly recommended!"
"Hey There Bear!! Funny stuff Mike!!!"
"Melo realizes that STAT isnt reliable"
"i woun't dm it i swear"
"Pete Campbell is such a goober sometimes."
"wow! Congratulations. That's so cool."
"sure do. Anytime work for you tomorrow?"
"sorry to dump bro... Didn't know what else to do"
"Galveston is in the eye of the storm. All is calm - right now. Don't venture outside - the back of eyewall coming in next hour or so."
"sophia , ur gonna make me cry , im not playing :\"\"\"\"\"\"\"("
"I think all the ppl on Twitter should Follow everyone who Follows them, especially the celebs! :)"
"Good dilemma? Wedding same day as concert at The Plaza! 1.6 mi b/w the 2!"
"Me too i got 1 new follower lol"
"What's good everybody?"
"Hello Jonathan, How are you tonight?"
"5 dope songs on a mixtape"
"Yeah, good luck! You'll do fine!"
"All of the people in my building are insane"
"What is the position of each of the candidates on provisions in NDAA that allows 4 Indefinite Detention of American citizens?"
"SOL•SKETCHES™ is HONORED to have ARTWORK included in the BROOKLYN MUSEUM JAZZ TRIBUTE TO THE GURU (GANGSTARR/JAZZMATAZZ) -- If you in NY, l…"
"wutz good fam say can i dm you a beat?"
"Great day to rock a bow tie."
"Eat 1 of your biggest frogs today."
"Live music tonight at 5 with tony Rey and we've still got some blvd chocolate and Rahr snowmageddon left:)"
"haha id rather you go to sleep"
"my head has been in the cloud so long, I almost forgot 'apt-get upgrade' brought along kernel updates..."
"um ok some one is fried lol"
"TREE INFO-Did you know that there are national pruning standards? American National Standards Institute (ANSI) Section A-300"
"MONDAY NIGHT LIVE! MNL! MONDAY NIGHT LIVE! MNL! MONDAY NIGHT LIVE! MNL! + Free Parking after 7. See you soon!"
"Awesome! Thank you!"
"Really great bbq at Smoque with Steve and Rachel. Last dinner with them probably before their daughter arrives."
"it is to be expected"
"Lemme know how it goes - I can def help you- kinda busy but after March 1 I'll have more time. STILL laughing about the mucinex!"
"is it really?"
"made my year!"
"come party with me at pink elephant tonight!"
"Come and get 'em! McD's famous Egg McMuffin sandwiches!"
"\"Shatner. And cherries. And now back to Shatner. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN\""
"red on top black on bottom. That's a good look :-P"
"Just 6bet bluffed the flop and got insta shoved on"
"hope your doing well man. Ill be out to L.A. after I graduate."
"Yeah to bad :P And i would hang with you to . you seem awesome !"
"RT : Great talk on how B2B campaigns can be cost effective and engaging--even when product isn't sexy Thx #bwhds<thx!"
"I might as well get used to this......"
"callin him soon. I'm studying right now for a test. I'll be done ASAP then we will blow that shit up"
"nice meeting you tonight my dude. Let's make it pop after the new year."
"RT : The #renown150 ambulance & vintage RNs visited Pleasant Valley Elementary School as part of reading week...."
"what dozen other? Just Say'n"
"Watching our client's climb ranks"
"Yeah my ex-best friend did that...12 years of BULLSHIT!"
"Happy Easter & Happy Passover to all! We hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday with family and friends. Enjoy!"
"Thanks for organizing the session with Warren Egnal. I learned a lot (e.g. don't carry a Dell laptop if you work at Sony!)"
"Weirdest person but super awesome follow him!!:)"
"saw it today. Have recommended it to everyone via FB and Twitter. Amazing performance!"
"I would like to ask for forgiveness from Jakarta Indonesia--Nairobi Kenya has THE worst traffic jams in the world not you!!! in one now"
"Happy Easter for all everyone!"
"..zayn please follow me ...PLEASE !!!"
"I'm working on patent drawings for clients today"
"Me too! Thanks again!"
"Thanks for the shout :-) I have one too and love it!"
"Wired iRepair on NW 17th & Lovejoy in Portland is the spot that fixed my phone. Highly recommended."
"Whew. And tied series 3-3. Game 7. Again. I land 7:10 Saturday night, out afterwards. I am thinking I need to revise my plans now... #Caps!"
"No...I do not have an iPhone and I'm still breathing and in touch with the modern world. Look mom, no polka dots! Lol."
"You HIP ! RT '' I don't care how many games they lose, #BLOUSEnation forever.''"
"I'm a fan (and follower) of both of you. :-)"
"What an amazing day this was!!! WOOOHHHOOOO!!! I'm SO INSPIRED!! Spring?!?! What are you doing to me.... heart ya! ;D"
"PickUpLine: Let's bypass all the bullshit and just get naked"
"City Walk is like a mini version of Vegas c:"
"got so much done! school stuff done! practice guitar done! rearrange my room done! kiss the most amazing guy ever done! be gorgeous. always"
"Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!;P"
"TweetDeck? It was hacked. People were able to use other people's accounts."
"A year ago today, we were there together! With &"
"Lions finally drafted a tackle!!!!"
"you are so post-outage! I love it! Did you watch the speech on IPhone? Link? Interesting context to watch for SoCal no?"
"RT : Come out to Hughes Hall tonight and give us your feedback on what Jazz Club should do for the new year!"
"Unacceptable Behaviors: physical contact including touching, pinching, patting, kissing, fondling, groping, grabbing or assault"
"If I were I would consider a restraining order. Seems like smear machine Media Trackers tweets criticisms at him every 5 mins"
"i already follow u :)"
"Teahouse821 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!"
"Second student this quarter who has told me that they've found the stuff I've taught them useful for other classes."
"I love classic romantic movies!(: <3"
"Chilling for some Quality Matters rubric training. Looking forward to using it with the Impact Grants"
"You'll never know how many times I've laid in my bed all night just thinking about how much you mean to me."
"#WeWontWorkIf you don't like sports or camping."
"ah im so happyy!!! ha aww i sound so cute on the radio!!"
"Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You....[="
"YES. Do it, take a picture, then show me and I'll tell you whether it suits you or not. I'm almost certain you'll look adorable!"
"according to the AP, the choice \"Other\" is currently leading Jon Huntsman by 20 votes."
"try rebooting while holding eject"
"I only enter names and numbers into my contacts so I can see who I'm ignoring when they call"
"Remember how when we started archery I made a bet I'd be the first one to shoot myself through the hand? Guess what I did today haha."
"Sadly. I want something else so badly. :P"
"you own the #50thRolex24 job well done!"
"Communities are powerful tools, yet require commitment, nourishing and cannot be treated w a beginning and end"
"days like this i miss my grandma:'( ay."
"patience is a virtue, pain run deep when love desert you, listenen to whispern, choosin chaos over discipline . . . Simpletons"
"All I got to say is GIANTS Defense!!!!!!"
"i'm so annoyed today, how lovely."
"Make 'em buy it."
"unless either base runner scores. Those are CJs runs."
"Thanx, bud. Really appreciate it!"
"austin you are magical, lyrical, beautiful, candy,hot"
"To a certain extent of course"
"I'm always fascinated by the sound of music shows on TV. Usually, my bet is they sound better to the live audience."
"or that spot in Brandon. Lol"
"Penny Lane?"
"This bitch at T-Mobile's voice made me wanna scrape my ear across concrete"
"Dont you hate it when you're starving and trying to eat but people are trying to have a conversation with you ..."
"Haha, you're the best."
"“A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.” ― Steve Martin"
"It seemed during the Holmgren era we got 3-game road trips every year."
"Hek yea...enjoy it while it last... #LIMITEDtimeONLY ...Lol"
"Why did the king go to the dentist?"
"could not hold back the tears."
"We are releasing Changing Priorities official music video tomorrow night!! RT and stop by our FB page to listen to the new jams!!RT RT!!"
"Sounds delicious! RT made Watercress, Goat Cheese, Cucumber, Radish & Truffle Oil Sandwiches"
"It's Hump Day! Friday is so close, yet so far... how are you staying busy?"
"Rep. Darrell Issa: \"baloney sandwich indictments\" is what #SOPA creates - bad public policy #SOPA via - TRUE"
"notices my hair looks like Wes Stude's from his role as Uncas in \"Last of the Mohicans.\""
"This times the last time. I mean that."
"girl, u gotta pep up! it's not JUST abt the food, it's a HOLIDAY! if u don't like the food, eat something else, just BE HAPPY!"
"we said there were new jobs but it was just 0.4 percent increase . Statistically that's almost flat. Have a good weekend"
"Max and I talked about so many people this weekend xD"
"ill come visit you! Ha"
"When #ChuckNorris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris."
"UN Resolution on South Sudan & Sudan is CRAZY! They are as alike as apples and jihadist terrorists. Speak up for Justice."
"Our sister company, Mediterra Restaurant and Bar is almost finished. We are so excited! Look for our Grand Opening soon!"
"I still haven't started...I just want it to be over =["
"Beer connoisseur? What are your thoughts on Franzikaner?"
"I hate getting up just because I'm hungry. Need to start keeping bedside food."
"all my friends are leaving ):"
"Don't even THINK of asking me! Uh uh, no way, not gonna do it. :P"
"i want details."
"After watching the newest trailer for Prometheus, I REALLY want to see it now."
"And that's the game as the #Wranglers take Game 1 over the #Everblades w/ a 2-1 victory #mytownmyteam Great job fellas!! : )"
"Far Away - NickelBack , at least in this phase of my life."
"Can I just go back like one week and do it all again okay thanks."
"Going to sonic fallow me"
"Omg all these kidnappings on the news"
"I'm sorry but if you wear sparkly toms I lose respect."
"I just need someone to cover my shift today:(!!"
"In this week's installment of \"Joy Sticks,\" columnist Matt Overstreet talks about video games as a form of storytelling...."
"Daddy : baby girl you ready Me : you damn right #CelticsNationBitch 💚🍀💚🍀💚"
"Can we all just agree that blow up Christmas decorations are white trash?!?"
"Keep me together Do not abandon me Hold my bones together"
"twitter > any class work"
"Absolutely not"
"#ABQ #newmexico Anyone but me lost their DirecTV signal? >:("
"Icing my face with a bag of frozen corn while singing: \"nothing's fine I'm corn\"..."
"At applebees w/ and a uniform cop and his fam are eating across the aisle. The stoned kids behind us look worried hahaha"
"Big Harrisburg health players PinnacleHealth, Heritage Medical Group will join"
"Sex hasn’t always been associated with sin and guilt. Pre-Christian religions often regarded sex as a celebration and as a form of worship."
"5 button mouse support added in #VirtualBox 3.1.0! The best desktop vm software just got better!"
"Forecast for Today: Partly sunny this morning. Then becoming mostly cloudy. A slight chance of showers this..."
"The same guy that went on dates with both of my roommates just messaged me. Again. Ain't no way in hell that's gonna go down. No sirree."
"thanks Lee!"
"At first I wasnt supportive of gay marriage,but its sad that people are still discriminated against an its not for us 2 judge,thats Gods job"
"what are you doing. follow me if bored."
"Well Abe is a little to tall for the camera but he here."
"Don't stress over everything"
"I hope they at least get a touchdown or a goal"
"you wanna kic it ? Don't you do something music related?"
"How is everyone's weekend going? Come enjoy a Sunday glass of wine at Enoteca!"
"#shower yes!!!"
"#UseATwitterNameInASentence is best friend but he dnt fuk wit me no more :-("
"I woke up about an hour ago and I'm thinking about going back to bed! Lol"
"Hoping Minnesota doesn't end up like ass backwards North Carolina."
"happy birthday!"
"No. No there is not. #FriedPotatoes2012 RT : Is there anything fried potatoes can't do?"
"Looking forward to all the great sessions in the coming days! RT Great day of precon sessions at SHEEO/NCES #highered data conf"
"If they were good at branding they would have jobs and be at work now."
"Thanks for the follow. Horror scares me but I like being thrilled."
"So alarm was supposed 2 go off @ 1:30am. Ive been up since 1am off to Indy for the race."
"why is twitter all about justin and selena? I wanna hear about some liam hemsworth, yum."
"Haha, dude come back to the city and we'll keep it going."
"Respect women, I don’t care if they a 2 or a 10"
"\"Have people been keeping this place a secret? We had a delightful lunch there today.\" - Plano Rose on"
"Dane and I may play a couple songs?"
"Not only am I singing 's \"Some Beach,\" I'm singing it for Robster the Mighty as well. Silence in the library? Hardly, honey."
"You chase me, I chase you....It's all a big ass game...Spending all your money on a Mfer who will never really appreciate you..."
"A special S/O to today 4 Mother's day. Thank u for all of your great work. Much appreciated by parents, kids & coaches everywhere!"
"Next Friday it is, unless someone objects. Bring whatever you'd like. Any cupcake requests?"
"Should've played Lacrosse this year, looks fun"
"Tebow to NY...."
"it makes B&N just look like a petty, spoiled child. It will backfire, but on DC or B&N?"
"The new SimCity game looks like it'll be very, very dangerous for you then :)"
"Very inspirational to see all of the Body By Vi Promoters having success in Charlotte - jump on board and get in now!"
"Oh good. You're back. What the hell are you talking about?"
"I fckin love verse in monsters in my head"
"True that. Or maybe it's just that things for men often use quality, timelessness and utility as selling points?"
"rock on. power to the people."
"You spend your life caring about your life only to wake up and realise that it was all for nothin!"
"Haha, you're right!"
"Had a great day with my wife and family...thanks!"
"#proudofyoucody \": Cody Simpson is the most successful artist from Australia so far.\""
"Nice to meet you just now Rostyk - thanks for stopping by"
"#wewontworkout if you want to argue"
"kick off is at 7:30 p.m.!"
"shot out to all the cool people who retweet dis n follow me"
"are going to watch jersey shore(: ?"
"Not sleeping blows."
"We started digitizing the Kearney Barton (local music on reel2reel) and Gary Greaves (local oral histories on cassettes) collections today."
"RT : Dumervil: 4th most multiple-sack games (14) thru a player's 1st four years in NFL history."
"lol he knows my teacher so he knows"
"I would like an espresso machine."
"Still need a good facebook app developer. Got some great ideas but need the brains to make it happen. Pls contact!"
"I need to get some rest at some point... or at least run a grammar check when I tweet. LOL"
"Follow me"
"If you're contemplating a visit to Waikiki, stay away from the Aqua Wave hotel. It's been the most disappointing hotel stay. Super8 is nicer"
"Councilmember Reyes proposing interim control ordinance. Asking support."
"\"girls directioners hearts\"? wow, classy."
"is there a problem with the link? I can't see Kathe's article on the page you listed."
"ikr..LoL .:D i guess justin gave her tickets for TCA too?"
"the high contrast gmail theme is quite nice :)"
"This week I begin another subbing opp. I am Jeff."
"The only question I have is whether to eat fish before or after the Brewers game tomorrow. Maybe both?"
"\"The Puebla victory came to symbolize unity and pride for what seemed like a Mexican David defeating a French Goliath\""
"i miss 'im too. hope he's doing okay out there and loves these new kids as much as he loved us."
"Early to bed, just to spite the neighbor dogs. Can't wake me up if I'm already awake, now can ya? Last thought goes to my birthday mother."
"its time to get up in the morning, in the morning"
"My neighbor got this dumb ass dog that barks 24/7. I'm bout to feed his ass some chocolate."
"#PCA I so remember when she was on Veronica Mars"
"will do, we need to hang out! :)"
"Those Kat pit tickets could possibly be sold out, its a little early to tell right now, try the 6:00 request hr!"
"That one sold. Reviews looked pretty good for a starter guitar so I went ahead and ordered a black one @ same price."
"hello sweetheart!!!"
"making a note of whose naughty and nice?"
"The bad part about shopping at Bayshore is you're pretty much guaranteed to almost get hit at least 2 times when trying to cross the streets"
"pshh, fine then, i'd rather not get ignored anyway"
"most importantly he signed frank herrmann"
"No, cause I'm sweating and I'm not having sex!"
"Pls RT- “Like” our FB because Sheraton ABQ Airport is ‘Like Nowhere Else.’ Be entered to win a $100 Visa gift card..."
"b where"
"Hell, who knows?... Maybe even my golf swing will get better - Arnold Palmer"
"The #Pirates need to stop acting like the Yankees farm team. Cannot wait to see what they give up for overpriced, head case AJ Burnett"
"Laying on a blanket with a stanky stench all around me, a slight beer buzz & a small urge to punch the group of girls next to me"
"Mundane tweet of the day: I'm chewing gum."
"#SHOUTOUT to she follows back people!! Helpp her gain followers please. :)"
"RT : We’re headed into the new year with a twitter name change. is now Thx for following!"
"Dont you be holding back your love ..."
"The average person falls asleep in seven minutes."
"#Head #Coaches from Florida, Alabama, Georgia Tech, Iowa State, Cincinnatti, Oregon State, Iowa, Western Kentucky here at Green Valley HS"
"i am a duke fan hell yea but i dont think theyre the best team in the country obviously"
"I DON'T trust the Gorton's Fisherman."
"Sometimes we use stair step training when we should add some immersive training. ~Ruth Clark"
"Of course. Hispanics, like gays and women, never vote Republican."
"Couldn't make it to Vegas for the #ncaa tourney and the clubs out there. and seeing big rob will suffice until April!"
"Love the top 11 list, congrats VA!"
"hello lova :) I miss you very much"
"Merry Christmas the day of having ur parent yell at you for not cleaning the dishes right or not smiling for a picture you didn't know was.."
"big sean is nice"
"Have the new drive set up with all of the files transferred. Now to link the media then finish the new edit and create a new sound mix."
"even when I buy Starbucks and use our water filter, my coffee NEVER tastes like getting it from an actual Starbucks. WTF?!"
"I love blackberries"
"I take #pictures. Doesn't mean I'm any good, but if you're into that sort of thing (#photography), follow me on Instagram - allisonbirk."
"I seriously feel married... SueAnn is bringing me something even though I told her not to."
"mane nun thuggny"
"Let's see... the swimming pool incident."
"Wow, she's on a roll. \"On 6th street, it's like a mardi gras for the college children.\""
"It was good. But kinda fun :) how was your day babe?"
"#birthday festivities continue tonite w/my core crew. So blessed to have them in my life & the years of friendship & supporting each other."
"Last time I was in the city this early was to take the GRE. Now I'm here for 1 of 3 school visits. It's a good feeling."
"Tip #203: It really is better to GIVE than to receive, but when you are the recipient, receive gifts with joy!"
"Hanging out at the Lenox Square mall!"
"when will I learn to heed this advice? I've only tried to do so 7,000 times"
"good idea for the sporting app idea contest."
"I know! Overwhelming."
"Ugh!!! I just watched bnw and I am so over tami... She is too old to keep actn like that.. She not a real bitch..."
"Don't get hypnotized by the hype. LEARN, then INVEST! tiny.cc/one-dollar-test-drive"
"Spoke before residents in #DelCerro & 2 people are being overcharged on waterbills. Proving help, but city water needs #tech help."
"thanks for the RT"
"Been jammin to #MotionCitySoundtrack thanks to playin it today in the jeep"
"well said Vza! RT : Warmed my heart to see old school KG tonight. There is still hope in the East for a Finals w/out Lebron."
"can i get ur Follow back #TeenWolfs fans!!=D<3"
"Im really loving this week off yess"
"I hate when other people than my mom tell me what to o"
"Dawning of a new era! Maybe things will turn around when I get out there, too."
"So good to see 's smiling face at church this morning! Love you!"
"Excellent \"confessions of a new university president\" Robert Nelson UT Pan Am #SACUBO - #8 feed the president information: no surprises"
"#sdp2p keynote Lisa Nichols: “This is where the beginning is for someone.”"
"#DeltaDelta is killin this Mercer step show"
"These pockets of confetti are weighing me down. #brewers #clinch!"
"I love my friends."
"I came close to a similar deal yesterday - Phillips for Gallardo and Hanrahan"
"I get more ass than a toilet seat"
"Did one of the coolest things of my life. Interviewed for WritersTalk."
"Hey congrats on WireDoo, I will send the link to the feature later! Good luck with it all and always great to see you for a chat"
"gotta love cocky Boston fans :)"
"u always confusing me anout which boy u talkn bout PLEASEE be specific"
"Rumor is that Reid and Boehner have a deal and defunding planned parenthood off the table. Anyone have the source?"
"Had my every-six-weeks-ish meeting with my tenure mentor/liaison/etc. As always, he reminds me that I should try not to over commit."
"I take that back: The Cubs are the anti-awesome"
"Agree! RT : T4: I think it's easier to speak on a panel. Others are there to back you up or supplement the topic."
"i thought it wasnt funny"
"#raw10 LAPD will Kill U, even if U have a knife or a screw-driver. Thats why they say, Never bring a Knife to a Gunfight!"
"I might throw up after everything I've eaten tonight. Why didn't I wear leggings instead of these stupid jeans?"
"looking forward to meeting you today!"
"Week 16: Sun. Dec. 23 @ HOME vs. New York Giants (1pm)"
"After much hard work, blood sweat and tears, the Blazemobile is back on the road!"
"They say that quitters never win."
"whatever ! Lol I forgot how open you were to answering questions 😏"
"When we ride its cool. IM straight on you...BAMBOO"
"failed his driving test"
"Cotto needs Jobu's rum right about now."
"God, you're so annoying."
"Tutoring part-time to make some extra cash! Have to make-up for what my kid's dad won't provide!"
"Happy Valentine's Day! Here is some dying flowers and the remnants of a tree in card form. That's how much I love you."
"There are a few more spaces open for reservations at our Valentine's Day event! Call now to get yours 317-327-7580"
"just watched on the one show, and he sounds sexy with a british voice haha!, i loveyouu<3"
"Voted for your fine and sensitive photos and portraits from around the world. Keep up the great work!"
"They might get better production with just Beck"
"#IfICouldWishForAnything is wish to go back in time an fix all of my mistakes."
"I know...and thank you! Much appreciated. : )"
"I love my friends! -Maria"
"Have a fun drive. Can't wait for my fix!"
"This day just keeps getting better and better."
"I love the sound of the rain on the roof of the car after a \"super\" day...."
"DO TELL!"
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. Robert F. Kennedy<3"
"i miss you !"
"Checking out the slasher flick Madison County via Apple TV."
"Hit us up man! Minneapolis Media Institute/ Cade Michaels Management."
"srsly: I love flea markets."
"It's a big fat cup of coffee kind of morning"
"I can now officially say that I went to school in my swimsuit .. LOL goodtimes"
"hey now! That's not fair."
"Tempers flare on the turf as Colorado leads 13-7 at halftime. with 3G, 3A - 12 pts from new #NLL record"
"Lighters will b smash of the summer in the D n beyond if I have anything to do with it. And I do"
"Does anyone have a restaurant suggestion for Stoughton, WI?"
"I swear my brother does not have an off button!!! I'm ready to slap this kid across the face!!! -.-"
"Our Insane Offer for Cooking.com will be live in less than 15 min! The first 75 to claim the offer will get $40 cash back!"
"thanks for the link!"
"RT : Just received my Kickstarter rewards today. That has to be the biggest mug I've ever seen! (Love the shirt too)"
"I'm sure you aren't, but enough are to discourage me from attending."
": That's absolutely true."
"So very welcome!"
"Wow I Feel Like A Freaking Old Person With My Cousin !! *No Offense To Old People :)"
"keep them 👍thumbs up👍"
"going home this wknd! ahh, cant wait:D"
"love your face"
"\"the key is wetness\""
"Talking about cover design. Very exciting. This thing is almost done."
"Everyone follow. Cutie"
"I am so pleased that you mentioned that there should be a diversity of people on the show. LIKE IT!"
"happy to help!"
"Couldn't wait to get going But wasn't quite ready to leave"
"yes we should of won last year but no at least we tried our best. :)"
"Note to Kelly clarkson.."
"From now on, I'm only fucking with people who keep that shit 3 Hunna. Nothing less"
"I still have my own plans. Where's the number to your lawyer?"
"I really do, love you."
"Well played KC. Starting a twitter war."
"Nice, will do. If we lose, I will know who to blame (Kevin Gregg)."
"RT : What Site Owners, Web Developers, And SEOs Should Know About the Yahoo/Microsoft. bit.ly/5yrEg"
"Night gents don't let the crabs bite...ever your too good for that shit"
"Hahahahahaha im ratchet"
"I feel you bro"
"I hate authority."
"it's getting icy."
"haha like I might because it's just so good, was so devastated when it went off the air, theres nothing else like it !"
"gotta love the five dollar footlong, homework time with the boy."
"Lust fades, so you'd better be with someone who can stand you."
"Callback tomw. Untitled Traveling & Cooking Show. I think that means eating in the car, right?"
"true true true"
"#WeWontWork if you don't like tattoos."
"Some more beans, Mr. Taggert? I'd say ya had enough!"
"Loved Kyle williams in 09 against UA when he single handily killed his team. Hate him today when he is playing for 49ers and killed again."
"Im still going...its about portion control"
"Each year I resolve to act more mature. The novelty of that idea wears off after an hour."
"We are introducing Whisk Reputation. Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and social media strategy... Would you be interested?"
"sad to hear Pat Rice leaving the #arsenal after WBA game"
"How about a caramel latte with that #bookchat? DM me to have me participate at your next #bookclub meeting. www.dolcegustostore.com"
"Strength is often the ability to say \"No\" to things that would hinder you from accomplishing your major purpose in life."
"God helps us al...."
"It's a writing day - how and when to make a decision. How do you decide things?? Even No decision IS a decision."
"Advertisers, likely. “: He wasn't apologizing to you. RT : Rush: apology accepted ... We're with you.”"
"Maybe she on break lady.."
"heading 2 chicago in the morning 2 do a live spot on Bloomberg. thank GOD my mom is tackling this 1 b/c live tv makes me nervous as hell lol"
"Glad I'm grandfathered in for unlimited data; I used 52GB last month!"
"Wow that's it. I thought yu were at least 24 alreadyRT I'm 23.5 yikes!"
"Currently at 6:37pm in Atlanta, GA it is 82 degrees."
"RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise"
"tried my hand at digging my own grave this afternoon. broke the shovel, kept digging by hand."
"Thanks for the update on the Brent Amaker show begin canceled."
"The pix of Synetic Theatre's King Lear look amazing. Sorry to have missed it."
"hoes not needed only a lady with mutual respect & loyalty."
"Just got off the phone with a few partners I have made my decision"
"I hope u get your birthday dick for your mouth, pussy and assholle"
"A vely diverse and attentive audience filled Hannaford Hall in the Abramson Community Center to hear Judge UNITY DOW this evening"
"People Born With A Veil Over There Face Take A Strong Liking To Me....If U Dont Know What That Is Do Ya Research...."
"much love and respect, young lady!"
"yeaa check me out! and preciate that chief"
"No! At first, I convinced myself I kept seeing the same mouse, but now I know it's not true because we already caught a mouse!"
"“: Watching from senate balcony. #cnn covering the president's speech. we love u John King shout out from Boston"
"And perhaps one of the best geographical names ever: Smuttynose Island (York County, Me.)"
"Xbox til I die!"
"Oh u did? Sorry honey I turned off my phone around 3pm my time...to enjoy my ME time. DM me ur #"
"so many excuses,lots of kids say this but..shits pretty gnarly,and idk how to deal with it at this point.im almost at the edge."
"nutella, bread, cereal, and milk for breakfast since last week"
"Sorry, bro! I love ya, but gotta go with Chris on this one...MJD is my 3rd overall behind All Day and Matt Forte."
"i loved the video it was so funny in u looked so cute <3 lol"
"PICS?... IM SO READY FOR A PAIR OF THEM, IM COPN THIS YEARS RETRO BUT THEY JUST NOT THE SAME ANY MORE..."
"Clarification: Swann was mayor of Baltimore before the war and elected Governor of Maryland in 1864"
"This weekend was the best! #FormulaD was absolutely amazing @ Irwindale and must go next year. amazing job and good luck!"
"could not sleep at all and now I'm awake at 6am. on the bright side..after numerous cups of coffee I can get a lot done today!"
"Lil short game"
"Almost 100 followers, thank you"
"Today was actually the best day of the week so far! :)"
"except Niall Horan. I'll love him forever and ever."
"L.A. friends, flip your TV on to KTLA 5 tomorrow morning beginning at 5:42 am for an inside look at the Fender factory in Corona!"
"Last night was mad real.. right now I need some Advil, can't even explain how my head feels.. everybody was turnt up!!!"
"Fouls are only called on Lebron. Melo doesnt get the benefit even when he is clearly bumped out - UNREAL!"
"Just found a #Redbox dvd down in a pocket of my coupon binder that I thought I had returned 2 wks ago. That's gonna hurt."
"CHROME! Chrome chrome chrome."
"#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked What kind of genre are you? Just shut up and listen okay? Thanks"
"False alarm dammit:("
"I can't focus at all anymore, one too many test this week."
"OK - Kip just sent you over a quick email! Look forward to hearing from you! :)"
"Celtics lost. Lakers lost. Heat lost. LOVING these 2 days of basketball. Now let's go SPURS. Beat"
"\": Don't feel so bad about that loss, Blazer fans. Warriors lead the Lakers by 15 in the 4th.\""
"It is better to have thought you had two days off in a row and not had than to never have felt like you'd never escape your job...right?"
"#adobe PDF form-make it interactive and accessible on Reader and you are limited to total 500 responses. period. solutions?"
"There are far better things ahead than anything we have left behind. ❤"
"you know, i've actually done that."
"naaaahhh *waves away*"
"lemme know anytime you'd like to play some #minecraft -"
"I hate everything east coast in terms of Bias, but the pre game Fenway ceremony was pretty freaking sweet"
"dude totally ... I try for a new one everyday lol ..."
"Most likely! I randomly have reactions to stuff but never to \"natural\" products."
"Watching New Orleans Hornets at Denver Nuggets with Viggle Fri | 7PM | Altitude Sports and Entertainment Network"
"Hey st dept, (20th and va ave nw). Come shuttle some pollo Jamaica into your mouth strapped to the back of a fresh corn tortilla."
"is happy. Brewers."
"What are your dreams? We have a bunch!"
"Yay! Congrats, and glad it's sorted."
"Jose Olivieri is kicking things off! Welcome to #BestSeminar and thanks for following today."
"Providing services that are consistent with students' experiences in the world outside of academia."
"On my way to my last game of this season..dreary day but let's still get this W."
"When your ready to quit Dick eating??! Oh."
"Happy Friday. Make this weekend great. Plan time to get off the sofa and into a workout routine BEFORE the football games start."
"Dreams do come true."
"RT Happy birthday --thanks twin!!!"
"Good you're doing great things..all the best 2 u...great site by the way. Forever a Hulk Fan!"
"#production flow"
"Great! :) we're covering the July 19th date so we'll see you there!"
"- Robert Garcia anyone?"
"Chicago Jazz Festival!!! Get to see 9 great shows in 3 days and perform in 2 myself. One of the things I love about Chicago! Free Jazz Fest!"
"I wish austin would think twice of all the people hes leaving behind  Im so proud of how far hes gone in these past years! "
"Just watched my our boy and the rest of the #AztecsBasketball butt fuck the #CalBears!!! We all owe those boys a beer!!!"
"does having to work harder than most people doing the same \"job\" make me admirably persistent, or stupid? :P"
"Hi Jenn! We can definitely track retweets (& for way cheaper than R6). Let me know if you have any questions -"
"Class or work is where u should be. Life doesn't get easier"
"I want more votes!"
"Fascinating talk w Eleocadio Martinez on impact of restructuring of steel industry in Mexico. w and"
"And 13 runs later, the Phillies have officially depleted their allotment of runs for the month of May."
"Thanks for posting this! Love this shot! I will share it with Hector."
"Nope.... Its today! i was right. too cool!"
"fine arts cafe for the first time..."
"your car is running so rich it is giving me a headache just following you."
"I used to use Firework a lot for wireframes, but then switch to InDesign, but them went to hand sketching, Balsalmic, or axure."
"Jst cut my favorite pants & made them into shorts since they didn't fit me from the bottom anymore."
"good well I bled orange and black. Getting the old school logo as my first tattoo for my 30th. Keep rockin my dude"
"#uppers my son is an honor student. I've been with the same partner for 20 years. That's Traditional."
"But I have to go make bacon. I wish we had enough bacon so I could just stay home with you guys!"
"Should we extend the deadline for this photo contest? Post them to our wall to enter. Winner becomes our Profile pic."
"Isabel Toledo you inspire me!"
"In Atlanta. Green room over at Wild Bills. Pumped for the gig!!"
"yes, but what if I had an *extra* eight hours a day?! ;) It would be amazing! Bwahaha How can I make this happen? lol"
"Suppose so :P"
"I don't know. Way to ruin my lunch, Mike. LOL"
"Pat Riley would do some shit like that too"
"and even though we won't be using any of her eggs, she would be thrilled to know I'm going through with this"
"Man this dude talking about I'm a distraction and all I am doing is sitting close to the action and evaluating players. Wtf"
"I know, bummer."
"I'll stop saying red rocket :)"
"I mean shit, ELFs, if you're going to countertroll me you could at least make it interesting by calling Victoria or Tiffany fat or something"
"Some people lose their day browsing Facebook, other people lose their day fighting its API and authentication insanity."
"whats up man?how's the jay tics lookin?"
"Hanging out with a good friend. Taking a break from the grind"
"Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures."
"What class are you in now? I noticed you're not in my ops management course. Are you just in a different classroom?"
"RT : Youth and Digital Media: From Credibility to Information Quality - New Report from the Berkman Center -..."
"Korver's unconscious"
"RT : Q5: DO YOU GO TO DIFFERENT PEOPLE FOR PERSONAL VS PROFESSIONAL ADVICE?"
"Had a pretty baller birthday weekend.. Como quiero a mi familia <3"
"SHE'S DONE THIS LIKE 5 TIMES. I SWEAR, SHE'S LIKE MY MOM."
"What's up Conroy? Thanks for the follow. I hope your skies are blue this weekend and you get a chance to ride!"
"#Johnson'sBaby best spot tonight."
"The highlight for me today was working on \"An Unlikely Pair\" with Rosena Hill and Bryan Welnicki. A nice addition for this production!"
"thanks! You coming out this year to #AAHHE?"
"Which TV are you shopping for? Our test team can take a look at it."
"Got to see and tonight in Portage, IN it was a sick show!"
"By the way, there is no one I support more than Nate Silver. Well done bro. (:"
"BITCH, just unblock the damn phone."
"Love the boots! Hope your B-Day was a good one!"
"The Mother's Day Sale starts tomorrow! All bags and purses will be 25% off :D"
"My twitter is hacked!!!!"
"If you don't like you, the rest of us can't either"
"Thank you VHS people. Honored to play with all you."
"It is compared to...well...the alternative..."
"And at low risk/cost, obviously."
"no but huge fan! been to tons of games. my aunt works there, my cousin went there & its 10 mins from my house #govalpo!"
"Spinach BLT wrap w/ chips and salsa for just $8.99!! Quench your thirst with a $4.50 Sun King pint!"
"i know Kimmel is a promo for King is dead but u should play Hazards of love 4 so me and my hubby can dance to our wedding song!!"
"What felt worse for the good people of Memphis - losing that lead to the Clippers, or losing Cal to Kentucky?"
"Gonna make a new video today! Ya dig?!"
"I really wanna be dropping the bass right now.... D drop the bass!!! Wom womp womp womp!! :p"
"A big happy birthday to the one and only"
"navigating the austin apartment rental market is stressful"
"Lol Sometimes I feel just like that!"
"Great work day & it's gonna be a great night!"
"AnglersHunters will be at the Detroit Fishing Show on January 8th and 9th"
"And then that just happened! Can you blame anyone? Get a beer, walk around the park & get home early! :)"
"Reminder! Lev on \"How to Compare 1 Million Images?\" TOMORROW at 4pm in the (sponsored by SHANTI, IATH, & the SLab)"
"Here at 's Female Success Factor Panel with who's up next to share her amazing story."
"Support + Business = Strong Economy Strong Economy + Jobs = Strong Workforce Strong Workforce = Lower Unemployment"
"oh! haha dang it!"
"Why would it be easier for a man than a woman?"
"Thanks for the feedback and glad you had fun! We might shoot shy people in the eye with a water gun at the next event. ;P"
"Windthorst Trojan Football - German Sausage and Sauerkraut..."
"and please accept my apologies."
"3rd period was so funny."
"Its hot af outside"
"Dr. Wendy Walsh tells that weak people use guns to massage their sense of fear. #falsepower #watchCNN now"
"How about listening to him while staring at the chiseled physique of his statue outside Miller Park?"
"Seth Godin: how can usability profs make designers look good?! Getting their buy-in. Thx"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"Keeping our 7for5 special going through today ONLY! Stop in to save BIG on single session packages! --this includes spray tan sessions!!!--"
"have you ever taken a flat stanley on a trip with you? well it looks like he may have company soon, keep your ears and eyes open."
"Thanks for sharing!"
"Impromptu media team meeting in lau"
"Bout to get some Dickie shorts on y'all"
"“: For Jones: Can you give a more concrete description/example of asking tough questions again during interviews? #sxmggp”"
"please do that :) oh and new music for you...guy names #golisten :)"
"Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes."
"\"Category 'Beyond Hispanic' was opened for agencies in Puerto Rico\" ?!?! #noentiendo #heard at"
"what are you doing right now?"
"RT : The Journal needs volunteer writers for its Convention issue. Copy Deadline: 4-23. Email:"
"gurl you need to tell us if you're really gonna be on X Factor. I don't trust E news tbh!"
"Who ran to help me when I fell, Or kissed the place to make it well? …. My mother.- Ann Taylor"
"Chris Brown: NICE Dismount!"
"End of first half and it's still 0-0"
"Should I call her? I have her number"
"Careful on I-5 today... Some dude in a Quatroport talking with his parrot in the passenger seat, with me next to him tweeting while driving"
"cry me a river"
"I got to see today!"
"No worries, just checking. Audio is most important :)"
"Wow! Real classic on #usa #ToKillaMockingbird - fantastic saturday night"
"\": Larry Flynt just said \"Having sex with a condom on is like jerking off with a glove. Who does that?\" No me"
"I don't even know what that it I either use the web, my iphone or tweetdeck"
"agreed. That has to happen."
"o fuck this shit is EPIC"
"Vince Smith from Scratchpads talking about Issues and his wish list at Content Summit"
"switching over to my work Twitter. Nice to see you tweeting w/ And it looks like I was already following you here."
"Yeah, I agree. By the time a book about Twitter is written and published, it's already way behind the times ;)"
"The 10th Annual Belmont Humanities Symposium next Fall will have the theme 'Liberating Voices'; keynote speaker: Maya Angelou."
"\": #BUILDBrands #ONEofONE coming soon....Ladies Pay Attention...\""
"nope. Did we miss something?"
"Enter 2011 Crowned Princess Charm Pageant. Early bird rate expires January 31...www.distinct-impressions.net"
"the attorneys give the agents their two cents but I'm not negotiating with an agent, a manager and a lawyer."
"babygirl, you're allowed the cry! I'm here for you always, stay strong."
"When I wise up, I'll stop leveling arguments against the cognitive and linguistic faculties of the gibbering, loyal youth of social media."
"yes u can leave ur seat! If tour sneaky haha. security let me stay in that area rest of the nite:)"
"Same! It just to me seems too early to reboot and the previous films weren't even bad, unlike The Hulk."
"Its such a pretty daaaayyy :)) i cant wait for summer"
"I have this recurrent want to travel back in time to play a concert covering my 10 favorite songs from the last ten years. Is this normal?"
"Never thought I would be Twitter spammed by the President. I get it already, we should contact our Congress people."
"Omfg. You bought the same exact dress that I'm wearing now, haha"
"thanks! I'm pumped."
"Studying for Stats and History."
"SUNDAYS AREN'T FOR NAME-DROPPING"
"there is something special about portuguese colonies. Even through oppression and colonialism. People r happy and good food"
"thanks for following.c;"
"Gamel done for season..."
"how do i send in my cover of who you are?"
"well text back I got something to ask lmao"
"Whole day affair at the car dealer ="
"Malted barley. water. Hops. Yeast. (beer)"
"Finnaly get to go home and"
"follow back(: you know u wanna(;"
"oops I meant a smiley"
"Fire in tower at Dallas Love Field. Trying to go home!"
"I'm hoping that Santa comes to Senegal this Christmas!! Happy holidays everyone!"
"My sister discusts me when she talks to her boyfriend lile she's a baby... #You'reAnnoying"
"Never. Again."
"I felt like I was stolen from after watching some of that national title game last night. Buccos for life!"
"Sorry, I know it's not for everyone... :) Some people will really appreciate it!"
"thanks for the #FOLLOW Also"
"Keep hating hoes stay on my grind cause i dnt have time...#COPYNPASTE THIS ASS!!"
"Bdubs with later !!! Yum(:"
"disnt your mom tell you to stop doing that, you are going to go blind... Starring at your phone"
"STOP POSTING PICTURES OF YOURSELF"
"Feeling down and out 4 sum reason... Good god help me!?"
"good pump fake lebron,,"
"Unfortunately no, he does not follow me :( And no problem(:"
"I'd like a shoutout pleasee !"
"M.Vick gets 23 mnths in jail for killing dogs.George Zimmerman isn't even arrested for killing an unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin."
"what about this delay? If they can call it on Hextall in 87 playoffs they can call it now - yeay for some consistency from refs"
"I use it to transcribe interviews. Great to be able to embed the audio and then have it come up with full text searches"
"I have one! Lol"
"Kristina is smokin!!! Just got back from there. She was a manager today!!! Ha!"
"Who I've been is important to me & who I'm becoming more so but who I am is merely a passing phase"
"#ThatAwkwardmOment when sum1 try to be an asshole but realizes they arent as smart as they thought they were"
"When. People. Type. Like. This. The. Voice. Inside. My. Head. Takes. Pauses."
"Baron Davis can still ball."
"are you at a computer,i want you to hear something, and if you like it, can we work something out before tomorrow"
"For some reason, the second I saw your icon, I thought of Christina Hendricks."
"Happy Mothers Day! :)))))"
"Morning Twitterville! Wonderful days lay ahead! Lets get started! *nudgingmyyoungesttowakeup"
"The list goes on..."
"He's cutting the flat top and getting it surgically placed as an extra thick unibrow."
"Why do I always have to wake up early on weekends? Eghhh."
"Welcome back! RT : Back on twitter after several months of travel. Just completed 1st wk of editing on"
"LaHair had his 7th homer of the season today, improves average to .396. We gotta send Smoak back to the minors"
"if i dont do whats best for me, ud wish u neva met me"
"I just found out that you had a SoundCloud last week. I literally have listened to nothing else since. :)"
"ok! Sounds good"
"I Felt So Bad For #oomf Today ,"
"We've got our full brunch menu available, right now! On a Friday! In the middle of the day! Plus, 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas, and espresso."
"I just want to be on a plane. Headed anywhere. ✈"
"Welcome to my cyberworld Jibrail Nor . I hope #Manizales and the treated you well. Ill hope our paths will cross again."
"Sarah Palin: \"I can see Sputnik from my house\""
"#pokertips Know when you should fold."
"I'll hold you to that..."
"Love it."
"I would rather be going to school than work right now."
"Tweet with your questions for and #DIY and #crowdsource car manufacturing - starting now"
"the bible would have been a lot shorter if he had turned water into beer."
"Got my flu shot today. Guess it's time for the weather to get colder."
"RT : Surging crimes rattle Denver's East Colfax neighborhood: Crime scene investigators survey the scene where Denver......"
"The Giants game was so much fun last night! Go"
"Right here, silly! ;) how was your day?<3"
"CALL ME MAYBE. xoxo RT : things like this tweet make me love you even more lol"
"Happy Friday everyone!"
"lol. Who put you on cwaig! P.s I'm hitting u up this weekend about the trip"
"We want to employ another structural engineer. Please contact us if you or anyone you know may be interested"
"all day and love to live laugh and love"
"slap him"
"&#39;L.A. Complex&#39; Star Opens Pandora&#39;s Box"
"u know what I just thought of. I think we should got to six flags one day :)"
"Ah thanks you! I wanted to mention it in an upcoming session with education students"
"it's like etowah high."
"I wonder how am I gonna succeed in life.."
"You bet."
"cats dont understand the threat of knives as well as humans."
"i don't think he is andy i think he's a comedian;)"
"ON TO THE NEXT 1"
"Missiles away!!!"
"“: I wish someone would just come up to me and confess their feelings for me. Just out of the blue. That would be nice.”AMEN"
"ASHLEIGH ASHTON shooting her first national \"event\" for TMobile tomorrow! Singing and dancing!"
"You know the Motto always be prepared to show somebody how much you don't give a fuck!!!"
"this song is actually on my radar"
"I can't handle the truth today obviously"
"Just be a follower. All winners selected at random."
"where you work?"
"I LOVE YOU!"
"RT : We will be live-tweeting the Dan Morris Viewpoint Show this morning starting at 7am. Follow #VPS to join the conversation."
"getting sick before finals week= NOT OKAY. feels like high school again, except the next week actually affects my future"
"That was just perfect! You did great, on #BieberOnTheVoice <33"
"wonderful meeting you...send me your recipes!"
"Nicely done! :)"
"the road was a lot less forgiving today than the treadmill but I made it. You better get ready."
"Good times guys!"
"haha I'll see what's good"
"I'm sure it was worth it. you kick ass"
"excuse my typo loner freak"
"Dominique Nicole & Alicia John COO of Dominique Nicole Entertainment LLC just completed a powerful brainstorming session FOOD FOR THE SOUL.."
"lol good work. C u soon! I'm def coming to party on Halloween!! xo"
"Looks like I'll be seeing #Madonna in Houston this time. Never been before."
"Interesting historical perspective, Jonathan!"
"Crystal Bridges has a number of works by women: Alice Walton far better feminist than Dominique de Menil."
"can't wait to get on YouTube tonight"
"Advance Your Career with One of Linfield College's Online Certificates Made ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer"
"fuck yea but its fun over here x)"
"LOL word to all moms!"
"You still have the tix to SeattleBeta? Are they transferable? Not asking for me, it's for a couple of friends. :)"
"I think I buy Elle Collections for the editorial design as much as for the fashion. AW11 is out. Impeccable as always."
"happy birthday!!!!!"
"well not rude jst so noisy !"
"I shall later when im home :)"
"OK, this collection is 70G. I guess that won't fit into one archival unit. Must split into four."
"could be wrong, but I believe the immortal lyrics of Paula Cole were referring to the latter."
"I'm a horrible tweeter.... It's lights out for me. Got to work early in the morning!"
"Give it up for the Newcastle pluck, Diaby stupidity. Great match. Gunners First BPL club to lose 4 goal lead."
"Better Know A Buckeye: Jordan Hall | Our Honor Defend"
"#ThatAwkwardMoment when Disney runs out of ideas for new movies, so they just rerelease old movies in 3D."
"Thanks for the follow. Will be using Klout to help sort a list of librarians by influence."
"agreed. Live with a woman for ten years and not much is surprising..."
"Conley with a strong half too. Randolph has to get it going and Gay has to stop settling for jumpers."
"well, actually, I think it was a couple years ago but thanks!!"
"What are you guys all taking?"
"We had fun though (:"
"Buddy the Elf. What's your favorite color?"
"I know some panty inspectors. “: Anyone know a good home inspector? Need to get one done.”"
"do you really?"
"I just wanna be successful."
"Need This JOB Bad"
"Looking for a spot outside tonight for about 16. Ideas?"
"that's my specialty"
"it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul"
"alright for serious looking to leave #BofA. what are my local options? DC/MD convenient...."
"is to do your HW"
"The idea behind remembering the birth of G. Washington: for some reason, in the middle of February we will have a 3-day weekend."
"via : Anyone in a walking boot has no credibility with me. If you're so smart, why is your foot busted?"
"YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY! Woop Woop! We are all very excited over here at BCT!"
"Why can't we watch Lost Girl online anywhere, but other shows are available?"
"Well played today my friend. Thanks for jumping in! RT “: Always a great time with #GameOn”"
"#GOP says gay rights is not a civil rights issue Seriously? You're all the same, bigots, backward thinking morons"
"#FF Thanks for the follows and RT"
"Thank you to all of YOU! We do it again soon :)"
"“ In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected for good luck” I'm not alone"
"been taking the signs down each evening to avoid folks taking them by \"mistake\""
"lulz RT \"NO SORRY, SANTORUM, YOU MUST CARRY YOUR DEAD PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN TO FULL TERM.\""
"The fact that it's free is amazing to me. :)"
"I take great candid shots!!! LOL"
"basically not tryna get nobody \"off\""
"not even you?"
"or just confused about their sex."
"The sun rises in the east, and caught a home run."
"agree, but I think it's more the compensation and pension structure than tenure itself"
"REMINDER: will begin airing \"Ball Boys\" tomorrow at 3pm! It follows the #Lutherville #Maryland store, \"Robbie's First Base\""
"Me and my bestfriend 's wish is that you follow us bckk <3 please make com true((: love you"
"her mom phone dead and dk if i can come over this week..im going to be super sawddy hebrew"
"In this parking lot..."
"No, it can't be true! I need to know what is real!"
"you called that last year"
"To be is to do and To do is to be....so Do Be Do Be Do"
"is it because I know your life..."
"I don't wanna go to skool tomorrow I have a stupid español test. NO ME GUSTA!!!!!!"
"Thanks to those who made our holiday pre-sale so successful! With new donations coming in daily, shop early & often for best bargains."
"Meeting you guys on 11-20-11 was the best day ever ! Give us another amazing day buy following us ?! <3 ;D"
"In Berlin @ The Club Office... Ready to kick off Startup Weekend Berlin 2012.. Who is going?"
"Should people -- especially kids -- wear helmets during severe weather when a tornado's in the area? New reccomendations on KSTP-TV at 10."
"My good days never last long."
"“: Rhyan \"Boom Boom\" Sprague......the times we have on set(; ” very true! Miss shooting now that it's over! :("
"I'm taking Bieber. Never say never."
"Just got back home. Met amazing fans today of the Outer Space Men. Tomorrow will be amazing. Check out booth 2465 for the coolest stuff."
"Biggest question on SEA-MTL trade: What is Eddie Johnson's fitness? If he's been inactive, no way he's fit by CCL or start of MLS. Big risk."
"Who needs/wants a job? It's an at home job so you need internet access. =]"
"Listening to #womenandchildrenfirst while preparing for tomorrow. 49% work 51% fun day!"
"i'mma go talk on the phone with #oomf. #goodnight. <33 :*"
"massive pencil shortage ensues."
"We have 7 days to go in our Kickstarter campaign, thought it might be interesting to - what mac fan doesn't want 3D?"
"Gambino is a mastermind fuck a bitch just to kill time 🕙🔫"
"Wednesday, almost the weekend! Maybe buying new rims? Hmm"
"hahaha. Justin Bieber is a 51 years old Pedophile :)"
"Was in Target today & walked sideways into the aisle of Xmas. There is such a thing as too early."
"what a lonely life that must be. :oop:"
"#JasonStatham is a hottie. But what's with all the violence in \"Safe\"? Should've been called \"bullet diarrhea!\""
"You are welcome sweetheart! keep them coming."
"RT : Meanwhile, LA Times is reporting Perry's \"political savvy\" and touting his TX jobs record (minimum wage jobs!)"
"Ringer's Kristoffer Polaha will be on The Talk this afternoon! Don't forget, Ringer's SEASON FINALE is tomorrow at 9 on CW20!"
"hudson came home in the middle of that night and said, \"julie! you did it again!\""
"Tattoo my name on you if you dumb as hell..cause that shit dont mean shit to me. I mean, you aint shit but a dick to me."
"EW fix your face."
"Did a much better job with Luther Vandross"
"No: but it extends the library's reach to where the people are, rather than expecting them to come to us."
"Lord, Creator God, your glory is all around us in the blessings from your hand. Please help me live mindful of your glory."
"#blend11 = Sloan Consortium Blended Learning Conference and Workshop."
"don't think so. I've written some pretty fabulous things on my mirror."
"+1 RT Just submitted a research article to solely because it's #openaccess; feeling the tides change"
"Wow so it's my fault okay dhmu"
"Bwahaha that is great! I would have love to have seen that! Ps I have been walking atleast 3 miles everyday! #you'dbeproud"
"Yal nerd basch drasa :| RT\": Mom's plan for the summer vacation is to go tl Mecca, and my plan was to take summer school."
"Because of you, I try my hardest to forget everything. Because of you, I don't know how to let anyone else in.."
"Blast looking for a goal before the half. With 5 minutes left in the half, the lead 3-2."
"BART ride conga line was a bust. Excuse me for trying to inject some fun in our daily commutes. Maybe the bus will have a better attitude."
"get all your friends to vote! :)"
"lmfao very funny 😜 I miss you sissy!"
"“: Aiight Marquette, I see y'all supporting in the MU News! :)” look for us in the Tribune on Thursday!"
"Well, going to bed on that note"
"Awesome! Thanks again!"
"No need to go to Aunt Kizzy's Soul Food in LA after the dinner threw down on tonight!"
"When told she'd been voted one of the 50 Most Beautiful Women in the World, Cate Blanchett said, \"Oh, good. I can rest easy then.\""
"I'm officially in Love .."
"My acount was hacked, its fixed now...sorry for the 8mil. Weight loss messages!"
"2 blondes walked into a bar..."
"How nice to find you here. My workshops at #Muse2012 are full and I'm a 'table captain' at lunch. Can't wait to see everyone."
"he just wants the Olympic style testing. Floyd would know all about that since he represented the USA in the Olympics."
"5 more mins till I can drink the weekend away"
"i just threw up and died"
"Why do you hate ur dad?"
"Thats pretty interesting."
"AT&T Uverse users: are you also having a hard time watching YouTube? All streaming works well, except YouTube. :("
"Baja Rock Club Tonite on Main St. In St. Charles at 9 PM. Nite Owl will be performing at 10 PM. Come on out and kick it..!!"
"Morgan , Girl We #GonnaGoCrazzzy 👌"
"Someone please get #jessicasanchez a cheeseburger. But wow what a voice!"
"aye boo"
"Hold a book in your hand and you're a pilgrim at the gates of a new city.~Anne Michaels"
"What does it take to organize an extra special event?"
"lol I often sing that in my head on my way to work"
"Amazing! Hot product that I will most certainly be using!"
"long day. TO INTENSE TO HANDLE"
"You'll be getting a call from the FBI soon."
"Kyle Longest presenting on using twitter in the classroom #furman_ctl teaching and learning forum"
"Omg those Baylor uniforms are really bad...I think they meet ANSI req't's and could wear them at work! We should propose it."
"It's SO HOT that ...hot water comes from both taps."
"You got it."
"That amazing moment when you're talking to a friend and he says 'say something, anything', and then you breakout into Tango Maureen full on"
"What he said ---> RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?"
"awesome! Wish I had one of these close by."
"Sometimes other people's problems help put our own in perspective. Hurtful to think."
"Love that outfit!"
"sexy(; follow? Happy birthday!"
"Book recommendation \"A Stranger's Gift\" by"
"Waiting for my first bundle. 15 mins have passed. #patience pays."
"not yet, I will keep you posted!"
"Right! I do my thing!"
"Still relating to old Bayside records is kind of a crazy feeling. Currently blasting \"Devotion & Desire\"."
"Totally understandable! We'll shoot you an email."
"ahhahhahahhah ... im tweeting ! u ?"
"Slightly more than halfway through Freedom! Finally. I love it but my next book will have to be a quick read."
"the average life-expectancy of a nursing home resident at admission is 6 months. Trauma counseling is just as important as health services."
"Ok....so the preview for nxt week's #JaneByDesign was a tad bit too short! that part where Jane kissd Billy totally made me jump 4 joy xD"
"Fave thing about music school: trying to go to sleep with windows open and people are singing loudly and strumming loud... I LOVE it"
"Thanks for the RT! We agree that it's great advice for all designers"
"TFN President Kathy Miller will be live on CNN during the noon hour (central time) to discuss the \"One State Under God\" license plate."
"call me now"
"Snag yourself a presale for January 21st @ Ace of Spades today! $10! Grab one quick before they're all gone friends :)"
"I second that!"
"Urban legend"
"I decided live tweeting from my haircut would be uninteresting, like the comedy of Tyler Perry."
"Happy New Year!"
"I'll let ivan dunk cause if not he won't make any lmao"
"give me one!"
"Mama's Gun was the best Erykah Badu CD"
"- ok, just hit me after your practice ends. I land at 11am"
"Talk to me like I'm stupid: Are there instructions for how to do basic \"sandbox for personal use\" installs of stuff like Omeka, Dspace, AT?"
"i need a make-up artist to shadow or assist any ideas????"
"Leela's Restaurant in Little Haiti- suggested by the Urban Tour Host"
"I just wish you were mine....."
"and yet some guys will then put it back in the fridge."
"sure. Ask away."
"Olivia is a badass."
"So were your boys cheering for the Sox at that spring break game in DC or Baltimore (I forget which)? Cool."
"yeah that's all I have as well which scares me a lot."
"If you didn't get the chance to celebrate the 1st day of Summer, celebrate the 2nd day at Wet Stone...Tropical White Sangria anyone?"
"had my whopper, and ate it too."
"yikes! That's a tough one! Is there wine? Or vodka? #drunkguyproblems Hahaha. Lametown, sd by far"
"better than sounding like a faggot. HUBBY"
"Amen to that!!!"
"Thanks to all those who send me there emails and snippet beats I will be checking what u have to offer periodically thanks :)"
"My new year's resolution is every day make a #healthierchoice. Today stopped eating leftover indian food when full even though so good."
"\"the next da vinci is going to give up on being creative because he can’t put his idea for a steampunk RPG about child rape on kickstarter\""
"as dark as dimon. jk lol as dark as it can get."
"no we at the casa"
"“ Fucked her that Friday night we both woke up that Sunday morning”"
"Can we pray for you today?"
"Incredible. 4th time in two years ID thieves got me. All of five dollars. Sad state of affairs when this is Americas #1 industry."
"Let me know if you find other ways too! I also find frequent breaks & small rewards helpful. (Peanut M&Ms help me!)"
"I wish I could just not care anymore."
"in Chicago? where you hear this? First a the snowpocalypse and now the plague?"
"im in love wit u. Wish i cud meet u so i cud tell u in person <3 ;)"
"BIG THANKS TO and All the people who came to the best BACON FEST EVER!"
"Craving constant tropical weather. The good kind, not the devistating storms."
"lmao i leave twitter for a while an come back to random followers... odd."
"need an idea for a album cover help! lol"
"About to pull up.."
"Truth only means something when it's hard to admit."
"Oh. \"Nick Tahou's RUN.\" Singular. My mistake."
"Note the good doctor showed up \"like a good sport\" for a photo op."
"The more I go to school, the more I never want to go to school again. #SENIORITIS #WhensGraduation?"
"The #HIMSS12 expo just opened! Visit us in booth 4635 and see how we help you obtain meaningful use and address the hybrid workflow!"
"please do something about the refereeing. Galaxy goal was embarrassing"
"Exclaimed questions"
"hahahahaha you're funny. No."
"Good morning! The weekend is finally here(:"
"uhoh email link didn't work. Can you DM the right one?"
"Is burton baton back yet in bottles? I'll drink more than I sell!"
"Feel of rain on your sunburn = excellent; feel of New Yorkers stabbing their umbrellas into your sunburn = :'("
"It took a special request but are actually playing #DMB. My lucky day!"
"Can I just go back to california and stay there?"
"Children's Lit SUCKS!!"
"Yes...but i'm watching Shreck 2."
"Headed downtown, hit me with a text: 210-573-7203"
"oh. Omg I like to listen to their accents."
"oh ok, just makin' sure, cause i don't eat dead bodies, unless its Asians.., that's different."
"the music just doesn't sound the same without the chronic man"
"Rosenthiel: says reporters signing recall petitions unethical."
"Point em out! RT : ... we coming for that bitch. SQUAD UP!!!"
"Az much az o luv Women I'm bout to turn These cards over"
"Just Let All The Air Out Your Head"
"A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle"
"striving for success for so long long got me actin out of character"
"As a citizen of modern society, you have a responsibility to others to bathe and not stink."
"Money amassed either serves us or rules us. - Horace"
"consider it an entrepreneurial opportunity."
"so i may have gone a little overboard at the sale on today"
"Working on launching the website this week!"
"Mocha is why I will be leaving you some bottles of wine on the counter :)"
"Lately I've been thinking that I neither want (nor can I afford) another MA...but maybe I should get another certificate?"
"Got offered a job... $25 an hour? Hm.."
"thanks so much for the follow. I can't wait to read more about you guys. I live in NJ as well"
"that's crazy how I think I'm Trey Songz in dormroom I wish I could go to Karaoke Night....there would be panies on stage"
"staying strong for jay"
"guess. whose. back."
"A Fuck nigga that's that shit I don't like!"
"shooting single ladies?"
"While I appreciate smart strategy books, why don't they ever come with worksheets so that businesses can actually work on setting strategy?"
"Missing a fam. reunion that I wanted to go to. :("
"Mouthgasm MT Pastrami Melt anyone? NY Pastrami, Munster Cheese, caramelized onions, spicy mustard, potato peppercorn bread"
"I just became interested in Irish archaeology. I haven't visited yet. So, all areas are up for investigation."
"Thank you! Glad that you are enjoying the content. Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns."
"Hmm It has a very \"planet of the apes\" feel to it because it's half submerged."
"that wasn't me!! I would never say that!"
"Dominated my information systems and argumentation exams!"
"For some problems, the only solution is \"Rudie Can't Fail.\" #whatwouldJoeStrummerdo?"
"TGIF! I luv me my fridays!!!"
"I don't like rushing thru Good Friday. I know Easter's coming, but seems to me we're meant to grieve a bit."
"I have four more weeks. :\"
"Im trying to post on Full Contact forum and it appears down."
"Edits can be tough!"
"Yes, yes it is! RT : Is this the book that was featured on an episode of ?"
"Hans Haacke ; Francis Bacon or Alexander McQueen are all up there!"
"ipads are bad for peoples souls"
"Nine days 'til Santa Anita"
"yes we do"
"Too many much windys."
"I think I like it too? Still on the fence."
"You need to be moving if you want God to show you which way to go."
"All FCF family and anyone else that whats to join us tomorrow evening at 6 pm - Calvary Walk thru Eleanor. Meet at industrial park entrance."
"Alright D-up"
"thank you for sharing this is a great project! I intend to keep an eye on it!"
"you have hbo??"
"What Mr.Harper and his sycophants fail to comprehend is that the gov't belongs to Cdns. It's not his to do as he will."
"Very powerful tornado headed for St Louis!! Take Cover Now!!!"
"Tracking new songs tonight at Flowers Studio in Minneapolis tonight!"
"Update: I still don't understand why twitter is so popular."
"CCFBBL2012 live draft is tomorrow at 12 noon."
"help us #SAVECACS and get that same support for Victims of Child Abuse Act. W/o help kids can grow up to be adult"
"“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” Les Brown"
"currently reading 's YA Molly Fyde series. If you have an older child who's into space travel sci fi, I HIGHLY recommend it."
"look how bad they are doing and yes I am watchign the game! LOL"
"Got a question you want answered by the thought leaders of streaming video during Broadcast Minds ? Share it here."
"EyeRock's battle for the artist for charity it's all good"
"TITLE: ultra mega unique beauty with captivating eyes."
"Was sitting here thinking about what to wear to work; then realized...its the weekend Baby!"
"At for the \"Flowers and Sound\" Opening Reception Program."
"wow u guys messed up... Of course ur gonna pick the crying fat kid?"
"Yeah he definitely is my type...exactly what I been needing...."
"wat up twitter world ya boi going to da game today well hopefully da jaguars win i said hopefully lol#letsgojags!"
"girl it's easy af to wand hair lol"
"Admit that your own private Mount Everest exists. That is half the battle."
"I agree Katrina. I can be hard to set up class for thinking in today's testing world."
"Follow he's awesome !!"
"you were just being rude to my friend. I have the right to get involved."
"last I heard it was 2-2"
"michael cera is so cute"
"que cosa :s...suerte a las dos!!! Y que acaben pronto!!!"
"the last poem on our site was written inside you."
"yall heard . Let's get sumthin poppin my g's. got the banger wit us as well"
"It's like trying to turn around on a one way street. I can't give you what I want, and it's killing me."
"Austin's hair when it's curly is UNF. Omg, he should wear it like that more often. (:"
"dear everyone I'm texting, I'm peeing right now... right as I write you back saying, \"right on! haha\" love, B."
"\"Moses/Aaron\" is my go to guide in handling staff matters, large & small. But c'mon, where's your Kindle app??"
"wondering why in the world there was a rooster in my back yard just now - I don't live in the country and I don't know of any farms in ATL"
"omg tell her to feel better !!!! :'("
"March/April Horn Book Magazine Starred Reviews"
"hahah wow you would ! Miss you too sis!"
"what are your thoughts on #peytonhillis as the cover boy for"
"'s gift shop is cranking out awesome 70's'-80's TV theme songs"
"in the beginning for a bit ;)"
"i plan to watch new show but my digital antenna doesnt get ABC, seems whole are has problem. so i m hoping that it ll be on hulu"
"#LastTimeIChecked We're a Latina interest sorority, not Latina exclusive."
"The expression I'm sending threw text, isn't the one my face is giving"
"Get at me on instagram trae57 WELCOME TO MY WORLD❕❕❕❕"
"#InstantTurnOn guys with Dimples 😉"
"Interested in #PublicArt in Baltimore. Hear some of the story today, 2 pm 330 N Howard Street."
"And a very Merry Christmas to you Maria. Many many thanks for everything this year. You are truly a good spirit."
"Finally my avi wants to change!!!"
"\"TRUTH CAN STRIKE DOWN THE SPECTRE OF FEAR.\""
"I thank god for everything he has done for me (: down to keeping me out of trouble & keeping my leading lady here . -- # only can thank him"
"Research and Markets: Power Wheelchair Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018"
"Damn Vanderbilt actually won at something"
"I dunno where you be at ?"
"Who, eat your heart out Aaron Rodgers."
"Good day."
"#SophomoreYearTaughtMe I got haters. Oh well, Its all good 😏👌✌"
"“: recently I listened to \"Put Your Hearts Up\" I felt in love with it the first time! Supporting you all the way!”"
"I can tell my boyfriend anything."
"Ditto! RT And I expect #DCDrinkup to be trending by the time we're done tonight! ;-)"
"Back to good 'ol Concan, Texas"
"Still going. My current distance is 1.87 miles. Current song is Shoot To Thrill - AC/DC"
"its good"
"Well thank you, I guess it's not morning until I go to sleep haha... sleeping problems!"
"Where you from?"
"The #Bravo 'hold your tongue' commercial is spot on! Looking forward to your new talking show!"
"big game for both teams positioning wise RT : Chicago Bears Vs. New York Jets 12/26/10: Mitch's Free NFL Football Pick"
"Just ha fun partying with my orchestra peeps! Yeah I said it, I'm in orchestra! I'm loud and I'm pretending to be proud :D"
"Front row at #sxbourdain with - ahh, can't wait to see ' Anthony Bourdain!"
"Thanks for the RT. You coming to the Tweet Up?"
"Ick, nothing's loading tonight. Guess that means I should go to bed. Night all!"
"No problem. Drop me a line at and we'll make a plan."
"I will never forget who my flight crew was and ALL the details of that day. I was flying from Newburgh, NY to Atlanta diverted to Augusta,Ga"
"Order sent to Emily in BC Canada!"
"he is I dont know why people make him seem like he is an ass cause both time he was super nice"
"RT : Did you know someone needs blood every seven seconds? That every pint of blood can save three lives?"
"Lame! We'll miss you."
"wish you were here!"
"Develop and define his vision and start raising $. Then hire bulldozers to plow Downer Woods for an athletic village."
"Lol, I love the big red. I just really hate that crying commercial."
"My first kiss <3"
"You are most welcome."
"Awesome Bro!! You'll love it out here :)"
"Does MySpace still exist?"
"Going to see cowboys With my friends it better be good"
"yes sir ima fall through has gotten lost so image roll by my lonely"
"At the \"how I met your mother\" bar"
"I work for the assistant city manager. #cityhall *wants to write full time tho*"
"Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash. grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap."
"You're such an elegant, well MANicured lady."
"how funny was drunk marshall lol"
"I thought we were hanging out tomorrow?"
"#BCS talking seriously about a 4 team playoff in 2014."
"After all that time of downloading IOS 5 you must be hungry! Order online & we will deliver for FREE!"
"wow, i have a poo, bookie, boo boo, pookie bear, baby mama, mo mo, wookiewoo AND a wifey...........lmao, n NO im not gay, these r my GURLZ"
"Mr. Mraz put me to sleep..... Good night all.."
"J. W. Schopf~ For four-fifths of our history our planet was populated by pond scum."
"I agree...PRICELESS"
"When someone that you miss, Tells you that they miss you. >>>>"
"annoying the crap out of my new best friend Javier as he is installing this thing. :-). But he is doing a fine job of hiding it!"
"I'm checkin' out the Horny Goat Hideaway tonight... I hear their new volleyball courts are the shizzznit!!"
"Woke up to a foggy morning but the sun has burned through for a beauitful morning."
"CONGRATS!!!!! RT: 2 Grammy Nominations!!!!! Thanks so much to all of you for your support and love!!! ()"
"send us an email via our website and well help you get in contact with a couple of people. Hang in there. W.entrydeniedmovie.com"
"Thanks for following !!!!"
"Ugh waiting at my aunts doctor appointment.. 😲"
"thanks, glad you're back to the \"asshole fetch\" I remember"
"Is there a talk show host race for 'most sincerely concerned face?' I ask, because it seems Ann Curry is in some sort of competition."
"my lips are dripping honey; but they'll sting you like a bee. 🐝"
"Booty work!"
"Hella girls in the stalls , but not one is making any noise . Until I walked in ; they flushed"
"THEY GAVE AWAY A STARTING POINT GUARD!!!! (sure, just, you know, not a GOOD starting point guard)."
"Meet & ! Two SF folks who enjoy baseball & are in the Bay!"
"Thanks for the #techweek play by play. Especially like the comments!"
"Giving the Lord your dream is a sacrifice, finding out He loves you enough to help you fulfill those dreams is priceless."
"omg cant wait till 330"
"Thanks guys!!"
"FRIDAY PICK UP LINE: Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend."
"Baby is enjoying goat cheese. A proud moment in the Viera household."
"looks good nigga"
"same here. Now no aots with kevin leaving."
"there is no way i'm taking this school day seriously."
"#hbo cancelled #howtomakeitinamerica and #boredtodeath?! Keeps enlightened?! Looks like #showtime will continue to dominate"
"Good luck to in her soccer game"
"Oh so you took a picture licking your best friend's face? You must be so \"close\""
"Dis woman just said its national grill cheese sandwhich day ....."
"Waiting for my plane to ATL!!"
"I have the Gremlins theme stuck in my head."
"this kid in my PSA class quoted our line from Sex Drive! It made my day!"
"Good luck sweetie, you're going to need it..."
"You rule! I thought i already was...."
"Welp. I guess I I needed to get up. I hope my bed take me back </3"
"I need to start a team"
"why do U ask me !?"
"I found it and immediately stopped everything I was doing and started to watch it. lol!"
"You gotta have a sense of humor. Without one life would suck."
"loved ur pk on Sundays game good luck today ."
"Quietness Sucks -___-"
"I've tricked a few people into staring at them to see if they move."
"Swept Away by a Slight Breeze; Pride and Irrational Dislike"
"no biggie my dude !!"
"God morning everyone! It's rainy here, so I hope wherever you are it's nice and sunny! I like the rain though =P"
"spit comes from his asshole!?"
"beauty is as beauty does."
"Enjoy the movies...&snacks! Make sure u get your money's worth...especially since u had to take out that 2nd mortgage for it."
"Everyday is Alex name day ! Thx for sharing: RT : Today is ALEX name day in Hungary, so HAPPY NAME DAY !!"
"Join Our Twitterview With Tori Spelling! Calling all Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood fans! Tori Spelling will be doing a Twitterview wi"
"Give THAT good brine ..U a Swear She SHE STILL N COLLEGE"
"yeah I just kind of have a feeling when he does, and he does"
"Totally amazed by 's performance. She is so flawless:)"
"Also, I can come to your gym in the gold coast, if anyone needs a personal trainer. me and I'll get you a good deal"
"The Knicks & Bulls too 😂 RT : I'd be willing to bet I'm the only NBA player that bow fishes"
"All instagram is about now is getting more followers, & giving shout outs, liked it better when not a lot of people had one & did shout outs"
". drank a glass of the boukketraube in your honor tonight! Hope #sf is awesome! Cc"
"Thank u 4 tha Follow - Forest Factory - Cry if I want 2: via"
"the haters are going to hate...don't worry bout none of them the #whodat nation stands behind you 100%"
"wow! God Bless you for saying that way to go dad. hope you do have a shot gun by the door she will be hotter"
"Thank you :)"
"RT #NF when planing your events #ThinkOfMe <We will, thanks!"
"It's Friday..."
"Gizelle is adorable!!!!"
"Thx!! Wonder how I got on"
"at Keys with"
"Ciao, Bella! Italian Style Hits Macy’s Stores Tomorrow with the Alberta Ferretti Collection for Impulse"
"Bluebird sky with some great snow!"
"please send our #salyardsbengals good luck wishes on their STAAR tests next week! Way to show positive thoughts on Twitter!"
"work. grad school. ebayinggg. lotsa fun. eyes on the prize!!"
"Gosh the cemetery was packed... to all the mothers to have passed away Happy Mother's Day! May you RIP."
"Happy Easter everyone! Getting ready for practice in a few mins.Check the next tweet for a pik of my opponents chest after last nights match"
"So upset they're closing the Abercrombie in the village and I missed the get rid of everything sale"
"Not received.. please resend.. thanks a bunch, hope to work with you on this project."
"Slow sports news days that also coincide with no meaningful sports to watch on tv that fall on a monday...suck bad"
"Good habits result from resisting temptation. - Proverb"
"One week until super bowl, Lisa has a honey do list and no golf. Can anyone same Home Depot!!!!"
"Statement game for the Heat, not for the #gospursgo- Spurs still own the best NBA record and just need to get ready for Fri game vs. Mavs."
"hey what's up? how u been?"
"u think u can hook me up with some pics of that beautiful woman name brooklyn lol just askin"
"which is that? I've spent time in some of the city's nicest and most appalling hotels"
"This is my favorite christmas movie"
"Thanks to all who joined us yesterday at - we will see you in Madison again soon!"
"Dairy queen is callin my name today cause its way to hot in this hotel"
"Peyton Manning chooses Denver Broncos, look for Denver to try and trade Tim Tebow."
"so dark so early...time to gym shop"
"#140mtl and Tang! (by product of putting a man on the moon)"
"#SaySomethin baby dont be so shy!"
"Louisville's uniforms are hurting my eyes."
"Seriously, how is it a real thing that we can't make any free throws down the stretch."
"Hahahaha nick cannon twerkin on americas got talent"
"RT Want to learn about when to have the same design on different screens? Be here in half an hour."
"Nooks for our birthdays. First observation: Nook start up time = a couple minutes; Book = instant."
"hey! Thanks for the follow!"
"hey bro! Tried to follow back but was forbidden! Lol!"
"Worst mood ever, sleeping all day in class foshooo"
"Ready for these 4 weeks to be over so I can sleep in my bed!! But it is great to get back to things!"
"I am glad to hear this. Good luck."
"Wonder who she gets that from?"
"How is everyone's off season so far?"
"Sources tell CCTV America that there is no official word yet from DPRK regarding the launch."
"thoughts on the elections?"
"no, but hopefully we do :) but it's floor seats and soundcheck :)"
"Ii wanna go to Vegas wiit"
"I could chase you if you want? That tends to give folks some get-up-and-go."
"A ton of #concert tixs this morning !"
"“Designing Mobile Apps for Behaviour Change”, a Workshop. Haig Armen,"
"I'm ridin around and gettin it"
"i hope my friend doesn't forget to give me her CURLING WAND"
"What is there in life except one’s ideas, Good air, good friend, what is there in life? -Stevens"
"RT hit me back."
"try Hula Girl today, its pretty good!"
"you have to message me to win! please hit me up"
"Well, somebody better have a girl ! Before I flip the fuck out ! :P"
"goddammit i will be in phoenix"
"Anyone else feel like they're going to tear up when they watch the #smallbumpvideo ?"
"I received this tweet from someone I trust ...\"Saw Tannehill at camp today. Wow!\""
"thank you very much, i could not have done it without you."
"I want to but my hair Thu sista until Wednesday."
"It's so attractive when guys actually have high morals and standards for women these days. Very rare though."
"Bad ass ENT."
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO AN AMAZING, AUSSIE, ACRESS, BEAUTIFUL PERSON INSIDE AND OUT ALLI SIMPSON:)"
"congrats on getting a single on iTunes!!!! (:"
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.\" ~Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Sounds like fun! My eldest is graduating with a master's tomorrow. Looking forward to hanging out 2 after her busy semester."
"How will writers remember they've already used their \"ultimate\" quota?"
"I don't think I'll ever be happy with my body."
"Take pics Justin while ur there k"
"Are the judges smoking something? Adley was MILES better than RaeLynn, who was nervous the entire time!"
"80+ Sunday in Vegas…and Im inside watching Thor cuz said if I wanna see Avengers tn with the big boys I had to do my homework"
"love it!“: Business idea: über for pizza. App let's you push a few buttons and an independent pizza provider brings you a pizza ASAP.”"
"Exercise makes you look better, feel better, and even live longer... I'm Addicted!!!"
"I HATE when people overhear/misinterpret a \"congratulations\" and assume I'm engaged!"
"thanks for an amazing post!!"
"lol he never tells me until after"
"sorry this is a bit late but we love your choices! We like that you have a new favorite and an old favorite! :)"
"Interesting to see the U.S. House reject a balanced budget amendment today."
"Guy behind the counter says that pumping up the Damien Rice is \"part of the environment\" at Cafe 232. Wish could share the pain."
"So wish I had a love life :/"
"I have 2 more years of college left... Have fun being a grown up!!!"
"seems like he wants"
"!!! RT : \"Go For it now, the future is promised to no one.\" -Wayne Dyer"
"We going to Ohio University\": What's doing tomorrow night!?\""
"yes how did u know now I'm going to have to Change it"
"I Fear no man. Because No weapon formed against me shall prosper. In gods name we pray. Amen."
"dude good luck"
"Writing a blog post, Facebooking (yes, it's a verb), making jigeh... multi-tasking the nth."
"It's Unit-versary time for (3 yrs) and (1 yr). So glad they work with us! Congrats, guys. And Thanks!"
"Seeking zombie book titles for middle schoolers. Got ROT&RUIN + THe ENEMY and DEATH CURE. what else r ur zombie fans rdg?"
"I would and will wait for you..."
"what channel is WKU on?"
"Happy Pie Day to you too!!!"
"Interesting debate in the office this morning. Better coffee, , or ? What is your choice?"
"Dale owes you one!"
"you're mad that i didn't go to school, and i'm not pale anymore. ;D"
"lol don't know how those girls wear those dresses...they're so tiny and those things can weigh a lot!! I think I heard like...50lb"
"Go buy song on youtube its called love is and its wonderful its in itunes now!!!!"
"Colbert & James Taylor \"Carolina In My Mind\" = epic"
"So #grateful for the new followers! Welcome."
"Rosie and I will be your bridesmaids. I promise, you won't remember a thing"
"My mood for tonight depends on if the Lakers win or lose."
"It's not how good your work is, it's how well you explain it."
"Casa Vicente tablao, half an hour, a feast for the senses. Come on down!"
"Was just asked if my leg was OK. Had to explain my habit of stepping only an even number of steps in each sidewalk square."
"Exactly I don't think some of the ladies get Lisa's humor I love it"
"Hop over this Sunday! Easter goodie bags to all kids (12 & under) on Easter Sunday! We'll be open 8am-2pm, let's brunch!"
"Oh, you meant you're near the most fashionable. HA! Poor Portland.... (But we fared better than I expected.)"
"Tomorrow is my birthday -- trying to figure out when I am old enough to start lying about my age."
"So it sounds like MTV managed to bleep out the cursing. Must have been tough cause she did a TON of it!"
"chiefs chiefs chiefs"
"You have enemies? Good, that means you stood up for something. -Eminem"
"the middle is by far one of the most funniest, smart, feel good shows!"
"Forget pedicure. I need a headicure."
"Thank you!"
"Pumpkin Ale already?"
"You feel lucky punk, huh, do ya?"
"IN LUNCH"
"It's like they sat around a table, passed around the bong and tried to ANALYZE while being high!!!"
"pm or am, I'm confused :) I'll try to!"
"The new website looks great! Airsoft and Video pages still have the old menus, but so far I like the look of RCPowers 3.0!!"
"Lest we not forget the 11th commandment that says \"To race thy horse, it's name must be as if a 5 year old named it\"."
"\"She went birding in Morocco...\" Definitely first line of a poem."
"Imma be under the dryer for ever"
"gives me conidence to wear braces, simply because he looks so flawless in them."
"Watching the stoning of soraya n eating raspberries. Meds got me drowsy!!"
"Howard/DeepStorage is up on future architectures for Solid state storage..."
"lol I'm dead serious"
"lol u must!!! If u out there smoking!! Be careful sexy"
"RT : is playing tonight! I wonder if ever does stand-up on the side of the stage while Jimmy..."
"I get more action from my long-dead fake band on MySpace than my Google+ account."
"Pretty sure \"regularly trading peacefully with strangers unrelated by clan or peonage\" made traditional marriage moot 500 years ago."
"\"but darlin' you are the only exception...\""
"Is it a bad thing to just say this day SUCKED..... let's move on...."
"I miss you to bro"
"With the Raven Team & at Citizens Bank Park. Go #Phillies! Show them how we do!"
"Thanks, Barb. I trust that the kids are safe. I can survive a little worry knowing that!"
"I read the first chapter as it was printed in the Believer..."
"ha. And why is that?"
"I got to start calling and texting people back, when told too. It seems like am being disrespectful and rude"
"Unfortunately we had a guy that used to write for us that believed that. He believed he could get guys back for 1 more year"
"Pitkin County Colorado is the healthiest county in the healthiest state. It's also the 4th wealthiest county in the US"
"Buccos game tonight, Let's go! Playing Bryce harper!"
"“: Has Messi had a shot NOT blocked by a #Chelsea defender...? And: Drogba's got to stop with that. #seriously”"
"He used the word impugn, watch out."
"If Im not perfect that in no way means my God is not - Marshall Olman"
"haha! Saw that. So awesome!"
"Proud to be an American"
"Early Projections for the Minnesota Vikings&#39; Final 53-Man Roster in 2012"
"you know it! Call us at 312.850.4667!"
"What's going on, man?"
"House. Committee holding hearing on communitty banks. Next comes bill on aging tires. Big lobbyist interest. ABATE will weigh in."
"Former Secretary of State and GU Professor Madeleine Albright will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom later this spring."
"because the song is awesome!!"
"Nice job Erin!"
"Still laying in bed"
": Thanks for the shout out!"
"I spy and ahead of me in the cattle herding process that is #SXSW badge pickup."
"✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Do as much ordering, funds transfers and other tasks online. You save time doing your errands from your desk."
"Shocking elimination!"
"so sitin here butt ass naked and dude shows up at door i open he all sweaty and gose just wanted to say u got nice ass so random aint it"
"So..A casual lil trip to the Brooklyn Flea turned into a big purchase, me carrying a couch up 3 flights & missin the 1st half of the game."
"Thanks for the follow! We're looking for non-profits to help raise awareness of. Email us at !"
"Get back on my drake mentally"
"Former presidential hopeful John Edwards faces trial Pakistan bombing kills at the latest on the link"
"Thx for the tweet!!!"
"scotty is amazing....vote for him on american idol......he is so cute and has a amazing voise....VOTE SCOTTY MCREERY"
"lol you should. He'll never be the same"
"no, silly."
"#Starting to think my clock is #working backwards... how can it not be 4 pm yet?!"
"You are too kind."
"you already know!!!"
"The #Oscars were pretty lame huh? The hunt picks up tomorrow.. is it your time to #win?"
"Apparently in the end, it doesn't even matter."
"starts snowing the second I arrive in Boston....figures."
"I kinda wanna learn piano."
"Gigs are in the pipeline. Sept 2nd, Oct 4th, August to be determined."
"thank you! we had a blast this week- thanks for having us!"
"Ooh, just think of what you can do as SS dept chair. Congratulations!"
"I cannot wait to get this fro cut off ... Fucking awful!"
"\"I'm falling in love but it's falling apart I need to find my way back to the start.\""
"Missing my #daughters so much <3 Hate weekends w/o my girls...."
"J&B whiskey is the most horrid thing ever...."
"same here Jill..please let me know if there's anything I can do for you"
"In the mood for some cookies"
"I feel so secure when I leave Twitter open as I do my homework, it makes me feel less lonely lol. Is that just me?"
"thanks you two. me really digs her."
"Don't trust anyone with less than 30 lines in their .vimrc"
"From #Texas' Rivals board \"we had a specific request from Torshiro and his coach to put a note out that he's sticking with LSU."
"Looking to order a new gaming desktop in the next few days, but I'm not 100% sure where from. Shooting for ~$1,500. Suggestions?"
"Contract Bobcats and Hornets, move Kings to Seattle."
"hey hey hey lil sis! you're very welcome~ hope you had a bellariffic day :) love ya <3"
"Today = Dress Fest and Manhattan College"
"I live for the moments you can't put into words."
"That is so cringe worthy! Thanks for sharing!"
"me follow joo now!"
"9/11/11 - I may be in Oakland for a time but my heart is in my native city, NYC, always my city."
"The tickets are yours! Email and we will get you hooked up!"
"Hunger games for the second time, loved it even more ah"
"Right! Different drama at the Staple Center."
"yeahh I remember you asking him and he took like two days to say no. FAIL"
"Heartless Bastards are rocking the , , and at party at Bat Bar at #railsconf. Are you here?"
"Happy Mothers Day to all the Women that dropped they Kids off at Grandmas so she can go Clubbing last nite!"
"I'll keep you in mind. Thanks"
"Mattie, where from?"
"I hate #School it's boring and I don't feel good/:"
"hey whatsapp? U are allready in Europe?"
"Summer programs coming to an end, fall sign up for fall programs now!"
"I remember... It's at least gotta be 70 out tho... Block rules"
"Back on Twitter"
"Me Me Me, but am eating out tonite:) or would have picked up some fish to cook up :)"
"Please follow me i love your tweets they are awesome!"
"hope the coffee helped you out!!"
"LOOK AT MY LAST RT. refresh the page & vote for Austin again :D"
"1) Can't wait for back-to-back eps tomorrow 2) Rachel will get to NYC 3) Except for a couple meh eps, I really like this season."
"Not a clue where my address book went so I can address my Christmas cards."
"I, personally, have time left for possibly one more tattoo around idk, 830 or 9 pm. First come first serve. #3175251106 Come to the shop!!"
"Colorado bound!!!"
"Thunder outside, lights out...."
"Most predictable headline in E-N this am: \"Lots of rain, but it's still a drought.\" It. Never. Ends."
"The difference between photogenic and not photogenic solely depends on how good you are at fake smiling"
"keep it"
"Happy Cinco de Mayo!"
"you get your butt down here now! :)"
"You are human, give yourself a break today (and a hug)."
"ayoo wassup with you moving man!??!?! Get ova huuurr!! ;)"
"Or Elton Brand? RT : The EC semis version of \"Tracy McGrady still plays? Really?\" will be \"Tony Battie still plays? Really?\""
"all's good. long as we hold on to our gris gris."
"Rams baby! Also flipping to College Games!"
"Listening to while driving home! Hopefully I'll get to catch the show tonite! :)"
"Pizza is here!"
"Give some World Piece this holiday season! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco"
"I am mourning an opportunity lost. Sad day = no blue bell. :("
"I'm at the point where I'm watching a Seinfeld ep on DVD, then rewatching the same ep w/ commentary to make sure I've caught all the nuances"
"i keep my commitments"
"That would be really, really cool!"
"Great information on mobile marketing for nonprofits today 's #NPO SIG workshop!"
"all the time lol"
"huge 3rd down sack. Nice plau"
"Spent time learning google doc forms. I like the possibilities. Check out dhanson39.wordpress.com for a couple of student projects."
"well its either that, or you over think things way to much, i like the first version personally"
"The \"2013 Men's Final Four-Atlanta\" banner is going to confuse me when I watch highlights of this game in a few years"
"I really like her!:)"
"\": People on the radio just said that Jelena broke up. O\" what radio?x"
"7. #Cubs 8 #Brewers 0 | What's up Zach Greinke? / Shelled for eight earned runs today / Can't always beat Cubs."
"off of 1 hr of sleep sat am once she got off of work. We went to 800 and sunday school and came home."
"I'm pulling for italian beef and jucy lucys"
"There are only 3 days left for the 50% off individual cabinets at the Washington Co. ReStore"
"Abe, we need you."
"Congrats to faculty on Top Doctors list. See you at reception"
"So the doctor said all my dad needs is anti-siezure meds and they said he catscan looked good"
"Wisdom reduced by exactly 4 teeth. Boyfriend continues to remind me he was born with none & is thus more evolved."
"May life bring you the finest #blessings!"
"My phone is still broken guys. Stop texting me."
"In honor of the amazing #EttaJames and the beautiful, classic \"At Last\". Thank u 4 being the legend you were!... fb.me/ucvFaBjQ"
"Carrie Bradshaw can pull the most amazing outfits, but can also have the most beautiful clothes look bad together...."
"it was aswell! Hahahahaha the shame!"
"RT Illiteracy is the rootcause of every problem! So what's the #rootcause of Illiteracy?"
"CONGRATS CHEF..YOU DESERVE IT!!!!"
"cheers Jamie. I'm on my way. Bob do they actually have noodles in Mongolia?"
"Suggestion from panel: Spend cash on Facebook ads instead of posters and fliers. I agree, but posters and fliers are important"
"that's all that matters though."
"were WINNING"
"#kohails has one of the largest teams of contributors in the world, bigger than some well-known projects like"
"Oh shit! The gaming possibility just took precedence for me!"
"i think something big happened, everyone! there are spinning globes on HuffPo!"
"Chilling at the office...doing the tweeter.."
"For having a barely part time job and not being in school anymore, I feel exceptionally busy still..."
"This weekend wasn't long enough."
"The royal wedding is only the wedding of the century because Flava Flav hasn't found the \"one\" yet"
"“There's no place on earth with more dumb girls per square foot than a college in California.” -- Roberto Bolaño --"
"You have forced me to act on this one very important detail."
"Fuck this economy, were r all the jobs, come on goverment."
"hardee's probably :/ haha my old job"
"yeah just got it"
"Off to sleep early so I can catch the lunar eclipse in the EARLY morning!"
"Late start today. Time for some some Starbucks."
"now that's how you do a twitter bio!"
"I LOVE this POI! Thanks for RT!"
"Your Skype name is Booker?"
"Lies turn to truth as you start growing who u call family changes ask khloe"
"Baklava is so delicious. Free baklava is even more delicious"
"Tonight's score - #Yoga = 1, = 0. My thighs are DEAD."
"Will plan better next time so I can see you all later!"
"Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 94"
"\": Happy Mothers Day to you beautiful women!! \". I'm late!"
"where will it be!?"
"Glad I could help. They still have little to no service there and i know the workers are extremely busy. God bless!"
"yessir .. your avi just killed me though"
"It was a good night. A really really good night. What else is there to say, really?"
"that would be great. please do make me a copy"
"that's why they invented Hulu. With college kids in mind."
"Have you looked into lifting shoes?"
"MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN ♥"
"Turn on the cooking chanel....and Diners,etc...is repeating the guy Guy you know.....from Chicago......"
"Those cantatas there are great - plus w/ the conservatories + Handel & Haydn, you get the Mass in B every year!"
"RT : The new economy: global, entrepreneurial & knowledge based - small biz has to accept this to grow."
"Pumped Up for ACT ready to get it over with tomorrow. If ACT was a girl I would fuck her on the first date. Am that comitted."
"Feel like death..."
"somebody isn't being applicable to sleep."
"Nothing like working on a #Saturday no one in the office #got to love it"
"Nail Salon Infections in news today again - yuck. To avoid always bring your own files, tools and even polishes to the salon!"
"where are you? We're here too -"
"cause yall have a great recent playoff hist. Against em"
"I need new followers on instagram : 94z28nos"
"Do you know long it takes google+ to send an invite after someone submits it for you? I still haven't received mine yet."
"got your message! Would love to chat about the zoo, if y'all would like! Looks like fun in the classroom there at WCLA."
"I'm leaving on Sunday!"
"#earthquake Felt it in Toronto, Canada. Yikes! Came for a relaxing visit and might as well had stayed in Los Angeles!"
"ADULTHOOD OFFICIAL TRAILER - In Cinemas 20th June 2008"
"im in serious trouble..."
"RT @: RT : Follow my boo and my team ! #TheyAreTheBest!"
"that's awesome. A lot of talent out of Texarkana.. Tra Carson as well. Tra Carson too"
"I love all my followers"
"#LEO Geronimo... Is coming!"
"I'm in need of some serious inspiration. Please and thank you."
"Went to Hollywood already & saw stars on sidewalk. A group hostel would be about $25. Greyhound is $2 & transit in LA is $10."
"Lol. It's funny because he can't even get drunk"
"I like how Texas was an option, when it actually isn't :-P"
"It's a sneeze party up in here."
"i cant sweat that because i love the kid."
"you guys help me realize the things i see and feel are not make believe and i'm not just crazy thank you GA! :D"
"Lebron missing free throws<<<<<<<<<<"
"oh no by Friday we'll be recovered!"
"Bye bye Bloomberg TV"
"tks. i just saw as well. My issue is general 'lagginess' after #gingebread update. Think it's actually #ADWLauncher EX"
"Oh boy am I sore today! Running again tonight. "
"that would be awful!"
"TELL #WFX- What is your greatest need around training for your tech team?"
"Words with Friends. RT : Is Biden texting from a phone in his lap...?"
"Think I will sunbathe in my livingroom. Just doing my part to increase the albedo effect here in the PNW."
"my tuesdays and thursdays are nothing to complain about because your at work making me laugh....lol"
"We want to cater your holiday Event go to www.gemcuisine.com today and receive $60.00 in credit towards your event!!"
"\"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality\""
"All right everybody, it's Vampire Diaries day! Less than 2 hours to go! HappyBirthdayElena"
"All that woofing you hear is just the sound of the #Huskies choking..."
"I still can't believe we have a megaphone at work. lol *yells at people*"
"more needs to be done to support AIDS orphans, through better access to education, health care, nutrition, and food, among other things."
"If you test , maybe you can share your experience on Creative Flux? Would love to have you as part of the community:)"
"\"When you stop getting better, you stop being good\" -Dizzy Dean"
"its mad fun"
"Living life , aint nothing but a thang .. (:"
"DIS FOLKS STRIPPING N DA MIDDLE OF DA STREET.."
"which record store did you work in?"
"You once told me to always take care of your family...my little sisters haven't seen you in four years."
"okay thanks (: i'll hit you up if I got anymore questions"
"Are yall following ??? Follow for sum exciting news for yall!!!!"
"I always knew Adele was gorgeous, but I had no idea she was silly and hilarious! Haha, you learn something new everyday. :D"
"Lets go to WERK! HAPPY FRIDAY! See you at SOBE!"
"I miss ATDI"
"Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch One Tree Hill Online Episodes"
"I am to excited to go to Ron Jon's surf shop."
"Dan Warn CPO, BCBS of RI intros \"performance / potential\" 9-box to 150 Procurement heads at #CPO2011 - re: importance of TM on Procurement!"
"Just survived my 1st big earthquake and subsequent evacuation. It couldn't have gone better or more smoothly. Kudos"
"Take A Quick Nap!!.."
"Big VIP announcement coming soon - stay tuned!"
"I will investigate craft at PL8 tomorrow. Planning Yelp event there."
"Spaceships don't come equip with review mirrors!"
"Some freshman are so immature."
"Last day of #TXLA12 in the morning. Kind of sad it's over. I didn't get nearly as much free stuff as I thought. Learned a bit though."
"She supports me. Lol I love her."
"asian pear."
"RT : So excited for today's launch of ! Who's going to give bikes a test run and let us know how you like it?"
"You always hate me :("
"Fuck you burger king"
"#My followers help me find an acting coach i wanna pursue my dream of been an actress if u guys could help me txt me at 2606020373 plizz!:)"
"NO ONE is going to pick him up at $6 million."
"I smell tater tots and mozzarella sticks"
"If you haven't seen #Safe yet, you should . . ."
"I love Caiola's for brunch. Dinner as well. Consistently great."
"If you would focus on YOUR OWN LIFE & STOP worrying about what others are doing...there's a possibility you might accomplish something."
"and our engineering programs are pretty great too!"
"Happy Holidays to all!!!"
"#New website coming soon!"
"So excited to kick off my 21st birthday with and in Baltimore next weekend!!"
"#OKCupid thought: some women say stuff like \"arrogant, narrow-minded men not welcome.\" WhoTF thinks of himself as arrogant & narrow-minded?"
"Around this time, It was prom time"
"Hey homey...."
"Pan con Bistec!!! (Checked in at El Rey De Las Fritas)"
"Prince will receive this year's BET Lifetime Achievement Award at the June 27 Awards ceremony, which will mark its 10th anniversary."
"Everyone have a safe and happy turkey day! We are open all weekend for you holiday gifts!"
"remember you're entitled to your opinions, even if nobody understands them!"
"No day party! Getting ready for our pool part Memorial Day weekend"
"Here's my guess about ur tattoo. K so far I think IO is moon's of Jupiter, n XC should mean Jesus Christ. Idk am I close?"
"I just did my nails"
"I KNOW you arent trying to start a fight, Jordy. Let's take this outside."
"is #postdesktop going to be archived/available somewhere?"
"Nice pic lol I'm loving the smoke hahaha have fun."
"not arizona and ucla. #pac12 basketball is back!"
"Anyone have an affiliation with the police? Would like to speak to someone about ticket scams."
"is getting geared up for the U2 concert"
"#WMATA bus no. 2097 is speeding and driving aggressively. Nearly left a dozen people w/out stopping at Dupont. Drvr needs a courtesy lesson"
"Only things I love in life are my family friends Eminem and Pittsburgh. 💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛"
"why ya laugh?"
"Hey Jaime- think we should go public yet? haha- thanks for following. We LOVE patients!"
"Got gift cards 4 my B-Day 2 which I'm gonna put 2 good use later :)"
"#whitesox hitting coach Jeff Manto and White Sox 3rd basecoach Joe McEwing were both born in Bristol, PA. Imagine that! ."
"Talking hockey with my mentor give her a follow!"
"Missing you already!"
"Don't Miss KKIM Radio's 40 Years of Service To Our Lord Jesus Christ @ Legacy Church's Main Campus in Albuquerque, Friday, April 13th"
"hookah bar with kev and his sister"
"I myself prefer my Raspberry Lemonade Blast"
"the track"
"I can't wait either!!"
"M-Day: 1 day each year Madison spends 10s of thousands 4 police 2 keep drunk co-eds from date raping or stabbing each other on Mifflin St."
"Fantastic day piloting the improved Magnetic Leadership programme based on participant feedback. Thanks to all involved especially NdV & PvB"
". Why'd you tell what I asked about the money, you idiot?"
"Recovery planning after Katrina saw lots of citizen engagement but their wishes didn't translate to implementation -Laska"
"Somewhat heartbroken not to be at #AWP12 right now!!"
"Can't believe anyone would compare \"Adjustment Bureau\" to \"Inception,\" which was amazing. \"The Adjustment Bureau\" was borderline stupid."
"Matrix Selections +64.39 Units So Far in Major League Baseball. 3D Selections 56-4 +26 Units So Far This Baseball Season."
"I am for real tryna have ramen soon. you tell me when. comes with us"
"Please help us and honor our military by donating your used cell phones at shuttle-stop barrels during"
"awwwhhhsndksodkbdieoe that made me so happy to hear. ;)"
"I've been trying to get in touch with you for a few weeks now"
"Can't stop eating myself."
"Happy Friday ya'll! #FF Wine Love!"
"thanks for the RT. We have some heavy hitters coming. Hope you can join us"
"Why did the fish get kicked out of school?......Because he got caught with seaweed."
"Now hiring Inbound & Outbound Sales Associates as well as Call Center Managers, Supervisors, & Trainers. www.trgcs.com/joinus.html"
"chillin in the wonder women undies, fucks not given."
"so true. The way the offense has been so hot and cold it could be a coming out party for this kid. Let's hope not"
"got my back i see... thanks :D"
"I LOVE the OCEAN!!! When we were kids, My grandparents brought us to vacation by the beach in Misquamicut, RI every summer!"
"Any spooky stories about wandering the halls of the HOT?"
"Give me one good reason why you thought it was appropriate to wear a heavy sweatshirt and scarf today. Just one. I can wait."
"I have been there! I remember it."
"Does anyone know how to tie a safety rooooooo... -trapese artist's last words"
"Not looking forward to cutting the grass this afternoon"
"yeah call me #8675309 :D"
"#dhtrial does 5.7 million hinge on definition of \"complaint\" . Jury asks for definition"
"Tx for RT of our new DC page. You're the best!"
"I got the voodoo for you bitches"
"I got the shirt at Goodwill but it was originally Liberty of London for Target."
"Mediocrity is more comfortable than failing at achieving excellence. Seeing someone reach higher than their current grasp is pretty rare."
"please i love you follow me ♥"
"RT Cant sleep"
"I'm #winning because I got to wakey up next to you. Missuuu"
"Nah I'm thinking bout how I waisted my $1 on this nasty Sweet Tea today!Lmao...and I wanna move back to Atlanta so that doesn't help"
"US in 2012 with hopes of International in 2013"
"#PeopleNeedToStop Nd Look aT Them self Before Dey Talk Bout SumbodY Else !"
"Lot's of good social media info from #SMisaParty panel at Dino's in Ferndale."
"I'm going to make an ad-hoc croque madame sadwich... so damned underfed, only cheese pork and eggs will suffice."
"Understood....how has your weekend been so far?????"
"Arrived in Harrisburg after a pleasant train ride with a nice conversation with a fellow traveller. Trains are the civilized way to fly."
"New #instagram numbers: 27 million registered users...with a staff of 14 people."
"Just Waiting >>>>"
"miss you too boo! Let's hang!"
"Brodeur picks off a puck at center ice with 6 seconds left and scores with 0.04....7-0 #Maineiacs Just silly. That's 31G for Brodeur."
"Are we connected with God in any way? Does He do it all Himself, or would He like us to work with Him? Does He care what we think? Follow me"
"bring back janet jackson next year"
"#250DollarsCanGetYou a bottle of Grey Goose at a lounge in Chicago. (Chicago twitter trend). Explains this random thought."
"Ha LOL Gr8 Pt!! RT : A4: Like setting kids loose with crayons while you are busy talking on the phone...dangerous!"
"Creativity; never without passion or the utmost desire to create perfection in one's eye not need be your own"
"I cannot DM you for some reason It is legit, no virus. I set it up today to help w tuition :)"
"Thanks for coming out last night! Great to meet you in person."
"\"A woman who will tell you their age will tell your everything.\" ~ Coco Chanel"
"My life is looking up! Im still going to have big steps to climb but we almost there... #TeamGo&GetIt"
"Cherry tomato 1, biodegradable fork 0."
"#NowPlaying. Mariah Carey. Honey."
"Hey everyone, who is going to see Lucky Boys Confusion tomorrow ??"
"thanks for the john + john sandwich love!"
"Had lunch at the Villa with Mom. Unfortunately we also sat with marine guy. Said he hasn't had company for lunch for a long time. I get it."
"Think somewhere tropical, think tropical.. NOPE not working! :(."
"Boston club royale was off da hook last night, jumped on plane at 5am and already in vegas! Poker time"
"Thank you!"
"I love it, too. Interesting about the human body!"
"Overhearing a session recap: \"shrink & pink - adapt men's products for women by making them smaller & pink.\" hm, interesting."
"~ connecting Good here. I see you, I read you. congrats on Officiating the Wedding. Did u get my Card?"
"which rapper would you perform with? :^)"
"I'm having to do a presentation on traditional spring break destinations and all I can put in activities is party balls."
"Starting my last final of the school year. My summer is about to start, answering the question of, \"What do you like about being a teacher.\""
"At some point, certainly. I don't think I'll get it first or second day, but soon. Or I'll watch it for options strategies."
"VT did not lose because of the refs, VT lost because of coaching AGAIN"
"added bonuses of a late afternoon poolside: craft beer in plastic cups and the missus in a two piece."
"you just trying to find any reason to get out of KY! i would make you go to the canyon with me to hike! lmao"
"Finally! Too excited!"
"Let's go!"
"For all that's good in America: Go Giants."
"\"If you cannot posess joy in the poorest of states, you will not posess joy in the richest of states.\" ~ Elisha Hale"
"I get a mini heart attack wenever u tweet meeh:D"
"Jagr forgets that this baseball season has a long way to go. Get another comment from him about Pujols in Septemner."
"So My Dad Just Basically Called Me Fat ... Gee, Thanks. Freaking Hate My Family Seriously ."
"That movie is really good. You'll love it!"
"Oh we'll !"
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. ~Eleanor Roosevelt"
"Braves won today off a walk off hit my boy Freddie Freedman"
"That was awkward !"
"and i have done nothing but bum around all day and it's not lookin like its gonna change tonight."
"i cant wait for cfd day ;) i got this bro its a plan"
"Everybody has that one friend who resembles a turtle."
"Don't make excuses! you broke the promise 😔"
"Every thought we think is creating our future. ~ Louise L. Hay"
"Where does one rent a blimp?"
"I'm so tired of hearing the household/government budget comparison. It is more complex than that, people. Come on!"
"I hate it how if a girl hangs out with a guy people start thinking their dateing? really people really?"
"I am now a man who owns a canoe. Ponder that one,"
"Ok so I got 45 mins"
"#schoolmemories going on a field trip and getting excited when you pass by something close to your house, as if you don't see it everyday."
"Reading \"The Rest is Noise.\" Found my music collection is lacking. Made a mad grab for CDs at library but my computer is so slow at ripping."
"What is success? Can you have tons of money and not be successful?"
"You're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think"
"If you need a makeup artist for your Halloween costume let me know asap Im filling up fast!"
"Resting the old feet today what a great fun weekend. happy hour now till 9pm $2 Miller bottles, $1 PBR cans and $3 TALL rails. Cheers"
"Now following. Or you can email me beth (at) bondimaging.com. We can accept Visa MC Amex or EFT. And yes we can scan to cd.."
"that's impossible lol"
"thank you for the encouragment."
"those hats are turrrrrrible"
"i guess you can only play on adrenaline for so long."
"heck yeah. So pumped"
"Agreed. Their green apple roll is really great! I also like & Also has great sushi."
"we're taking names & signing up shifts at the Team Pike planning meeting & phone bank!"
"Who knew a Penny War, a Dunk Tank & a chance to sink your boss would raise >$1K for ?! Great job /!"
"Sorry about that Correction tweeted."
"Alright rios be the hero"
"who are these impostors and what have they done with the Flyers and Penguins?"
"Elisa Chan and Maria Cordero to perform in Genting on May 22 - The Sun Daily"
"way to do your part, AxMan! lol"
"Off to the store shopping for another era themed dinner party tonight. Can't wait to see what I come up with."
"showed me a nipple today , i was happy :)"
"Hello Des, nice to meet u. I'm Billie. U can call me Bee, my friends call me Bee :)"
"I'm really not in the best of moods this morning"
"finally pitbulls getting positive press for the good dogs they can be ."
"Hey figure out what Shelby wants for her birthday"
"In the fight between you and the world, back the world."
"On the bright side, I found out today that you can actually borrow a cowbell from my library."
"I wish he could put me back to sleep...*wink *wink"
"First day of spring football🏈🏈"
"never a good idea haha"
"I wish daft punk were still alive. Then we wouldn't be in this mess."
"Rest up before my insanity workout"
"i was wanting to head up that way at about 11"
"as an irishman, i can tell you it's paddy not patty. american culture has somehow mixed this up."
"Drake _ I Get Lonely Too"
"good morning to you there in Ontario!"
"What's your favorite restaurant and why?"
"I'm curious if anyone has insight into whether or not DOB will impact 2013 skill position recruiting"
"I'm amazed at the amount of support the troops have. God is good and I'm thankful to know that my country supports my comrades and me."
"nah I rather music over gym and yeah I know it's reallyy weird.."
"now thats a good hubby;)"
"Give and it will be given to you."
"xmas music!! #andywilliams #josefeliciano and #burlives in a UFC xmas tune smackdown on radios everywhere!"
"I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within"
"who is everybody?? your other hoes??"
"I still have a little to go. How much did you write, 1200 or 1500 words?"
"for real?! Come on man give me a break haha."
"Liz Walker: Why aren't more women talking about pro choice and reproductive rights at the national level? We need more women in public life."
"Nice RT: Tonight In Babylon Remix voted #1 Record on Ferry Corsten's Coutdown"
"At CSU San Marcos hearing about curbing teen pregnancy amongst Latinas. More than half of US Latinas have a baby before turning 20."
"One of my grandmothers had 3 kids while eluding Nazis & the other had 3 kids, her dad & her father-in-law living under her roof. Much love!"
"here's one for you Geri !"
"NO BEER LEFT BEHIND"
"oh you'll meet some one new"
"On stage - drive on stage on a rocket bike."
"Company meeting in Syracuse today and tomorrow... At a bowling alley today!"
"Need takeout? Just order online @ www.Mumbaibistro.com and your order will be ready in 15 - 20 mins for pickup!"
"I might be going parklife for a day, to see crystal castles and azealia. Let me know when she's playing club academy :P"
"at least you don't have to pick up my turds"
"A crook is a person who was out for what he could get and in for what he got."
"Omg I want Starbucks"
"Get me off of this plane! Chatty Cathy won't shut up and it smells like a fart in here."
"Hi Patricia. Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to downloading Rebs by Accident (or on purpose). Ha."
"Awake and rested! Now about to get ready to party."
"I like it! When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep"
"Hope everyone had a great weekend!!"
"very good indeed. Still amazed how quick they found it and went right in."
"Thanks for your support of my new album \"Heaven.\""
"Just purchased life insurance, I feel like an adult now."
"We provide temporary staffing and direct-hire placement solutions to #law firms, medical organizations, corporations, and other businesses!"
"#InMiddleSchool class work was so much easier!"
"I hate wakin up early for no fukn reason"
"Been on the hustle! Promoting events is so fun, especially when #music is involved. Love being a #DJ & a promoter!"
"Whatsup Alex?!?!? Did you have fun at prom??"
"and this talk doesn't have much to do with others, as much as OUR attitude-do we get impatient or doubt or complain"
"U the 1"
"Not I, sir. You are more informative (via Twitter) and entertaining than Wikipedia. There4, I vow to read you more."
"Get those umbrella handy- we're looking at some serious rain later tonight and tomorrow. Looks like it's going to be a wet weekend too!"
"glad you enjoyed them. Thank you!"
"I like this post. Great info all across the board. Good job Jeff."
"It just shows that you were too scared to face even a chub like him without a weapon. You're a coward."
"they have not been scheduled yet."
"that's real hip hop"
"didnt c it sir.. hit us again .. jst Kno that the site is being revamped and will be back soon n all submissions will b posted"
"3 innings and 9 Ks not for Kershaw or Halladay or Verlander or King Felix, but Aaron Harang. And that's why we live baseball."
"Thank you to all the support I get from each of you. I couldnt have made it this far without you all."
"Best shopping advice I've heard all day...WWDD...\"What Would Dolly Do?\""
"David Ash first in at QB with the first team offense against second team defense."
"Please tweet at every conference I go to. Thanks for all the reading materials."
"Tiptoe past the flame war."
"Is putting together abed we bought at Sam's Club!"
"Never letting my little sister barrow my black converse ever again. -____-"
"awh i see :/ you missed MT!"
"What was that lady doin on the court??"
"oh. Mine Is about someone I like. Heehee"
"You put on any song and that shit is a hit"
"I would have to agree with that one."
"No worries. I used to think the same thing & now kind of let the \"feed\" wash over me. I use it to find interesting stuff as well"
"So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims,"
"Comic Con Day 1. Still going."
"just wanted to say i wrote a song bout us and wanted u to hear..."
"We can bring Christmas to you this holiday season. Call us about catering your next holiday gathering in your home!! 954.467.1998"
"If you want we can drum it tomorrow. Think about it!"
"Best advice i could give never trust people...they arent worth the time."
"I've been accepted into the Master of Creative Writing program at Ball State. So excited to be heading back to school!"
"True elegance is for me the manifestation of an independent mind."
"I'm trying to figure out how this nigga over an hr late for my cuz PROM!!! Shud BET HIS ASS 👊👊💢💢💢"
"Achievement Unlocked: Drink 5-Shot Venti Americano w/ half gallon of novacaine in my face w/o drooling."
"Congrats, roomie! You continue to amaze & inspire me in all you do. RT : Personal record. 4:03! (@ Boston Marathon Finish Line)"
"your goddamnright you did! Haha, cold turkey!? Keep it up"
"That's a very hard question to answer in a tweet :) I'm sending you 2 links to Youtube videos that I uploaded that explain"
"Is Tuberville trying to let #OU back in this game?"
"let's go they starting to go big.. Let's go don't disapoint me yal aha"
"so I called her back and she wouldn't get on the phone so I told William to tell her that I was only kiddin and I was sorry"
"Needs halal meet ASAP! It's been days!"
"Stretching it out with some yoga on this morning's show with !"
"My guess is Baltimore is taking Konz, and knows he'll still be around at 35. Too bad UW won't have 2 first rounders this year."
"It does if I tweet you back instead! That sounds like about all we can do. Thanks for your help!"
"i HATED it's always sunny in philadelphia at first,,,now i love it! lmao!"
"I seriously can't stop rearranging my room. /:"
"And here I am, staring at picutes of sorry, but I'm creepin' on ya. xx"
"birthday cake!"
"My Dad says the craziest things I swear !"
"I smell tequila...."
"We are turning 40, very soon."
"Can he be back and playing at a Chase Utley type level?"
"My heart goes out to those students who lost their lives in New Zealand earlier today. Such a sad story."
"that really sad"
"Royals game tonight >>>>>"
"Downloading that new Chelsea Grin song. So good!"
"Fraser keeps getting collection calls for someone named Jaclyn. He's asked several times to have his # removed, but they keep calling. 1/2"
"The executive staff at NPR are pathetic cowards!!!!!"
"Figuratively thinkin, she was shootin wit me at the gym..."
"yea i got sumtin for dunn wen hes back lol his balls wont look like that wen me and u get him"
"Taco time. All you can eat for $4.50. Come see me"
"Possibly Kris Joseph/Syracuse (Canada), lost two yesterday when Vandy got beat Ezeli & Taylor (Sweden)"
"You can follow all the Indy 500 practice action through IndyCar Mobile. Call **INDY to download it now on your Verizon phone."
"There you have it. RT : East wins!! 4-1"
"Be It Unto You According To Your Faith! Hold Strong To The CONFESSION Of Your Faith! As A Man THINKS In His Heart So Is He!"
"joking of course"
"Got the Citizen's Bank apron my father-in-law gave me on, which means it's grill time."
"ooh, that looks like a great conference (and a cool topic for you). i think I'll submit something too!"
"Watched Return of the Living Dead today....why does one of the punks look like Prince???"
"Hope you all had an awesome weekend of enjoyment because without you there is no us we love you"
"But I love my boots:)"
"Happy Mothers Day :) <21"
"well demos r good! N those studios are amazing! Good luck with em :)"
"thank you! Awww. So sweet. <3"
"That's so funny -- I had to learn PCs when I got to BR. Glad to hear it went well! UR desk rocks by the way :)"
"Good ?s-->Who else was involved? What was ur role? Get the details of the story for the"
"Yeah, doing #pdxtraffic is a change for me too. Having a good time. I'll be back in the weather center tomorrow morning!"
"Even though the Panthers lost, they had a hell of a season and I'm not sad that they lost, they played their hearts out, I support them 100%"
"autumn grey"
"\"I chose, and my world was shaken--so what? The choice may have been mistaken but choosing was not. You have to move on.\""
"Currently deciding between an epic journey of magical proportions and falling asleep on the couch...."
"It does for all functions, except certain linear algebra functions (e.g. those lin alg fns req pro). Which function did you try?"
"« feeling unwanted <»"
"You're so sweet =]"
"I am my own boss. And I don't work from home."
"16 hahahah :))) I like your eyes :)"
"I don't remember Seau having any concussions, but this strikes me as another in a line of recent football suicides who did. Extremely sad."
"i know that also she said do u have a gf"
"Oh snap!! Way to get em #WVU :)"
"this isn't spam, but I'm selling my old iPad..."
"Who's listening to on ???"
"Our airport code is MKE. We also have an Amtrak Station here at the airport with service between MKE and downtown Chicago."
"wtf.. :/ too many people"
"Cool I do at that. thanks"
"Haha! Yeah it is a good morning! Back atcha!"
"Had an avocolada smoothie for dinner. Prepared a great salad for tomorrow's lunch. Got daughter working on her book report. Night night."
"#NP Juicy-Biggie \"My whole crew is loungin', celebrating everyday no more public housing\""
"thanks for the follow!"
"Bonus the rest of the way. Butler needs to attack, keep using the shot fake"
"Watch Ustream right now!!!!!"
"Is there anything better than Bluegrass covers of #Bruce?"
"Fire up your metabolism with Elite Trainer Max \"The Body\" at Hollywood Body Club"
"Let's try that again, curious, what's up to this Tuesday morning in Milwaukee?"
"I'm at the edge of my seat waiting on every update."
"RT : Sleep is for people with no internet access."
"Dont judge nobody unless u walk in there shoes"
"We consider several cities. We will get to you!"
"Thanks dude!"
"Justin Notice Me ♥"
"poor and a socialist, it's to be expected. If you're rich and a socialist, you are virtuous?]"
"Outside with Seniors all day.....LORD HELP US!!! Lol fun day though"
"Ho-hum. Drumming up a new website."
"These 85º May days in Austin are freaking me out a little bit. Not complaining. Nope, just enjoying the weird, cool weather."
"oh yeah it's Wednesday #facepalm. What a week lol."
"I mean forreal, get an obsessed fan like one of us to proofread before publishing. Smh"
"Apparently I previously uninstalled Skype in a fit of rage. I don't remember that, but I certainly believe it."
"ah. I see. Jumping to conclusions."
"Kick and push and coast"
"im sorry i tho yu was somebody n mi entertainin group :000000.......?."
"Project runway all stars... Can. Not. Wait!!!!!!"
"the Economy in like Harlem, Bronx, Brooklyn are terrible! So many people are out of work in the City, but they keep it Hush Hush!"
"Haha, so ridiculous."
"What are you going to be for Halloween?"
"Me to limping puppy: I feel you, bro."
"At the bar for the badger game and a beer."
"Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll."
"@ @ let's hope so...lots at stake if we let our guard down. BTW...Romney hearts Europe...priceless!"
"Love that I run into at all my commercial auditions. Don't mind starting my day with her adorbleness!!"
"Too legit to quit ;-)"
"Somebody plz tell kaiyon to go back to sleep!!"
"we missed you at SXSW. rain check?"
"R.E.M broke up."
"post-yum dinner, lo-key #movienight #drive dvd. yay! xo"
"Missouri State Board of Education meeting beginning. Alta Vista and Confluence Academy charter schools are up for renewal."
"RT : How many people would buy a nick barnett packer I phone app?? I would."
"Let's see who John Waters picks! Good Luck!"
"lol this is so illegal"
"FYC, advanced writing, lit, and a grad-level comp pedagogy practicum. Also WAC coordinator. I appreciated your #4c12 tweets!"
"Dear : your profile jpeg doesn't do you justice.Following U, & I'll buy your \"After\" book when it's back on Amazon, 2."
"Have a beautiful day & night, Friend! <3"
"RT : Like this one RT : \"Be one of the greats - don’t be 'like' one of the greats!"
"I <3 Juan direction!!"
"(We moved everything but email off a while ago, but transferring all that email was a challenge. Props to for making it easy.)"
"Yes.. I will finally meet you"
"Really impressed w/ & his improvement. Any school worried about his size is missing his heart, leadership & he's a winner"
"I am so tired but these games are so intense!!!!"
"Peanut butter cups, chocolate covered coconut, chocolate santas, chocolate strawberries: I think Buddy the elf has been stocking my pantry.."
"Shits about to get crazy"
"What is taking so long with the James Neal verdict? His hearing was @ 10am w/ Brendan Shanahan. Arron Asham's will be by phone at 5pm."
"Thank you so much for sending me the absolutely stunning jewelry! You are too kind:) <3 Can't wait to see you soon!"
"Ahem ... \"Most\" RT : How god awful is Twitter gonna be in a few hours when EVERYONE tweets, \"Ugh, didn't win the $640 million.\"?"
"not using translate, but it is 'I have a friend called Amy, she is crazy' Am I right??;D"
"I am asking the panel what they would think of an application process for extended bar hours."
"Um oka Night i guess ..."
"Looking to rent a GoPro HD for an assignment next weekend?"
"You liked The Wire, yeah? Have you watched Simon's \"Generation Kill\" or \"The Corner\"?"
"Fucc heaven I ain't showin no religion respect..."
"'s Join Or Die EP has been on repeat for the last 3 hours while and are sound asleep."
"just early contractions so hopefully they not comming yet....but thank u!"
"Bengals just got better with that pick of Sanu."
"Check out FL got Skills! Listen to new music! @"
"bahahha i love it!!! SO US!"
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. - Helen Keller"
"Everyone's PREGNANT !"
"you won't throw on Williams or Woodson and you did not fix the o line. Cutler is out week 10"
"please follow our business page we work with AIP clients."
"The 2 hours I spent at THE CLOCK were some of the best I've had in NY! #4am-6am,"
"I need Hulu! AND an Ipad. And New Girl. And to redo my pony tail."
"Unlock your Heart, Love freely Unlock your mind, Live freely The secret to Happiness is Freedom The secret to Freedom is Courage- Thucycices"
"Building confidence and creativity, block by block with 40% off a WEDGiTS Building Blocks Starter Set and Design Card Deck this week from..."
"I hope I get rich like Adele one day cause TONS of guys have broken my heart."
"lamb is similar to Afflalo"
"did this nigga just say can't be walking by looking all cute and not speak boy please"
"Probably won't tweet today."
"I love to stay on top of news ワサビラビットが東京オフィスを開設 ニューヨーク--(BUSINESS WIRE)--（ビジネスワ"
"I feel so much better now"
"#DemonicDerek bad things will happen if you come through dungeons this year the icons are on a rampage!!"
"Hmm, I don't know. Anything I could."
"when you say stuff like that it doesn't help me."
"todays the day to get pierced, come in for a laid back, no rush, sunday piercing experience. and mention this tweet for a jewelry discount!"
"indeed it's a crucial game! I wish I could go, I would be the happiest girl! :D"
"A Very Happy Karva Chauth to All of the Suhaagane!!! May GOD BLESS You All and Your Husbands with All the Love and Happiness! "
"most boys*"
"that's what they say lol"
"*shudder and nod* (I think #bloodymary plays a part in PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 3? Gah.)"
"Don't waste your life in doubts and fears: spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hour's..."
"Not yet. Little guy still won't sleep! Soon I hope."
"MEXICO LOVE YOU When you come back!!!"
"For us it's death, taxes and construction in Cincinnati, OH."
"Damn, Richter! How dare you ignore the wishes of someone as important as Smitty! You're playing with fire!!"
"I'm kidding Go GRIZZ Haddadi for prez Rudy gay for MVP save that homo hahahahah"
"is watching push but would much rather be watching a harry potter movie right now.for so many reasons!i <3 !i would die if he knew"
"RT : Working on my fantasy football team"
"You have to use #slapam because the hyphen causes the pam part to be dropped. I'll see you later."
"Hey--Congratulations!!"
"Sorry we havent really been to date with things on cody but we have been dealing with personal stuff. But now were back for good ;*"
"If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, love me. If I'm worth it, fight for me."
"This is really tough to watch."
"But wouldn't that be redundant anyway?"
"I won't get any work done today. I'll just stare at that photo for hours."
"#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether u only wanna call when it fits \"your\" schedule."
"fucking love the #DEATHSQUAD family. enjoy the weekend!"
"Hey guys what's MLB that Adam Lambert is talking about? A TV show?"
"Regurgitating the lines fed 2 u isn't talking sense either. Your statement here is proof of that."
"#sacscoc ADA compliance MUST be taken into account and addressed."
"cant wait for Saturday!!!!!!!"
"#YouKnowItsRealWhen that leg get ta shaking & the bed vibrating...."
"Favorite Halloween candy - what's yours? I have to say I've got a soft spot for the Reese's. The soft spot being a gut, of course."
"just saw a firetruck fly down my street."
"Hangin with Beast Boogie of Vicious Germz B-Boy crew."
"Hooray #Apple! iPhoto '11 is a buggy, backwards pile of un-Apple-like shame, though."
"Looking for fun iP8d app that lets you take pictures, edit and print easily. Photobooth type thingy. Any favorites?"
"James Taylor kind of afternoon."
"HARVARD SQ: our flavors are Salted Caramel and Strawberry Shortcake!"
"If only u could buy time.."
"damn snitch not popping at all. Well I don't know him so I am cool"
"USDOL Secy Hilda Solis describes universal reemployment system to aid 1M displaced workers, and, integrated American job ctr network"
"no prob tickets are free"
"\"All work no play, makes Jack a dull boy.\""
"Free coffee today at Bruegger's to benefit Children's Hospital. Worthwhile reason for caffeine consumption. RT"
"We have our spare change ready for trick-or-treaters. Cc:"
"RT: : Nothing ended the Dark Ages more than the invention of the printing press, we are seeing similar disruptions and fights now"
"our pleasure! we look forward to hearing from you!"
"no…. sad face :( Wish I was."
"*the look*"
"sounds like a plan."
"ISS astronauts (in Q&A interviews) say \"Planet Earth,\" (no definite article, but emphasizing PLANET) and \"Space Station\" (no \"the,\" just is)"
"Thanks for following us ! We love partying at your club!"
"Just found out my horse my dad bet for me was in the lead until the very end and got second"
"you guys stay stuck on Diana's big banana smh yay dios mio"
"where are you at?"
"Nice cool weather stickin around the County; ok, maybe not the deserts where it'll still be 104 but mild for the rest of us - coast 2cloudy"
"just saw this sorry"
"Watching the LA tow-truck pursuit with other bored screenwriters on Twitter."
"Glad to hear you guys are having great weather. We are as well. finally. I'll be very open tomorrow and I'm looking for to it"
"Uh... windshield wipers in use? excuse me? It can't be raining!"
"J HUD DID THAT BUT I THOUGHT A TRIBUTE IS A NUMBER OF SONGS!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"or if u havent tweeted in a long time :) Love you guys ;)"
"game on."
"Watching Border Wars on TV. They use a Flir camera from a plane at night to find fugitives. Now why can't they use this to find a Bigfoot?"
"Big changes happening in my life."
"thank you--back at the grindstone tomorrow (though I happen to like this particular grindstone!)"
". is stoked! RT Great lineup for Data Business Meetup tonight! in the house!"
"Hey #bro its contest time. One person who RT's this will win a shirt from W.armenianhipster.com .. W.Facebook.com/armenianhipster"
"well thank ya :)"
"People that chew ice freak me out."
"If the Spurs and thunder play each other it will be a good series though."
"I was thinking that was Hootie's old roommate for a minute...Bryan Malarkey. How's San Diego?"
"Until we all without sin we need to stop pulpitin - Jay-Z"
"39 point first quarter for the Spurs against Golden State's D-League team."
"tough one. so far i'm not extremely bullish on either. but not sure"
"gah! Smoke session soon!!!!"
"and we love you Amanda."
"Getting next Konkrete Jungle series together... July 2 kick off w/ dj Aphrodite, Urban Takeover - UK @ Obsession inside the Crazy Horse 3."
"What is your concept of pride? Is it good or bad to have? Thoughts?"
"its time to get in shape."
"and its costing me a small fortune cuz bird poop causes parasitic infections and thus flagyl tons of flagyl its not cheap"
"Test baby. Aw yeah."
"If your dog or cat is vomiting frequently bring in for exam."
"C'mon...baby where you wanna go?"
"hey, your mollies cousin?"
"Don't forget: Mention this post to our office at 703-642-3277 & get $10 Prime or $7 Economy Tkts for this weekend's Light Everlasting show!"
"Saw the Gophers volleyball team at the MKE airport last night. Said to a group of players: \"You know what Badgers love to eat? Gophers!\""
"\"couple code\" = coupon code, duh."
"If you're looking for quality screen printing check us out - www.inkscreens.com"
"congrats man!"
"Students should do more collaboration across grades. Be sure to ask older students what they learned."
"Run Run!"
"Wealth And Health <3"
"\"Genius\" is the word you're looking for. RT Getting an education on Slade from & Not sure what to say."
"looks/feels a little more like SportsCenter than its earlier incarnation"
"You know it's bad when you see a 35 year old man at Renos with a teenage girl"
"Unashamed of the gospel!!!"
"LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if we really believed..."
"Obstacles are essential for success because victory arrives just after many struggles and many defeats."
"#Miami Happy Hour Starts in 25 min! $5 wine & cheese and charcuterie platters available at !!!"
"If she baked cookies, but they are for her \"guy friend\"... #ThatBitchIsTheDevil and"
"I just realized you were the girl in big daddy and from CDM. Now I have more reason to love your work."
"Nicole Richie is ugly."
"Jeff Tweedy just asked someone to put mittens on because he was clapping so loud. Wilco show. @ Riverside"
"You crashed the site!!! :)"
"It would sell. Ensemble like Pulp Fiction with the theme Creativity Calms Madness. They all meet at end in SKA group."
"Still you are so lucky to be there, being from the States I can only dream of being there."
"The technician is here, hopefully he can fix the dishwasher!"
"Two tickets to see Midlake on Friday at 9:30 Club. Wife can't go. I need a friend..."
"Breaking news theres nfl season"
"agreed position in the lineup doesn't matter much. I coul of phrased the question better..who would be in your lineup?"
"Jane Lynch, Carol Burnett Set for BACKSTAGE AT THE GEFFEN, 6/4 - Broadway World"
"That is an unrealistic goal since in this world you will have trouble+You have an eternity of problem free living reserved for you in heaven"
"We are excited RT : looking forward to another exciting year!"
"really fantastic, pretty tired tho"
"Thanks! It is best to stay off notice."
"You know it man."
"And Jesus Montero uses the short porch in right to homer as the M's take a 2-1 lead."
"lol guess we might have our faces on tv again! Haha they said it's part of a series, so.."
"half full of wine;)"
"That is spectacular. Any chance you have a picture?"
"(Happy Dance) Another pair of tickets to The Dekadent Diva's Summer Cupacke Crawl SOLD!!!"
"We got a question the other day from Twitter saying this: \"Can I install one SSL Cert on to multiple servers?\""
"Hm...so, instant replay in baseball, anyone?"
"Is that/was that Don Holder by the console when the lights blacked out?"
"Ew I really don't want to see this scorpion guy again."
"Congrats to Dr. Victor Cabrerra, integrated UW-Madison faculty in Dairy Science - recipient of the Pound Extension Award!"
"“: fix me dinner too?” surely"
"Hey thanks for following Missy, you seem really bizarre."
"Sipping a Monkey Gland variation: 3/2 gin, 3/2 OJ, 1/4 Grenadine, dash Yellow Chartreuse. Perhaps, a Monk's Monkey Gland?"
"Ow!!!April fools day)))Be ready losers'n'geek)))"
"\"I Am The Walrus\" John decided to throw together nonsense lyrics to mess with the heads of scholars trying to dissect The Beatles songs."
"Saturday is Slow Art Day, how are you participating?"
"A very special happy #FollowFriday to the 2 guys who said why the hell not, lets do this thing! #FF Solidarity!"
"It was AWESOME...i'm so excited for new episodes!!!!:)"
"ikr...so sad I'm gonna cry across the galaxy. *ttear tear*"
"I'd agree. He's stick in PHX (for now), which hurts his publicity"
"Oh yay, that's great to hear! You're very welcome, and enjoy your new pretties! <3"
"i would have flipped my shit"
"I wonder of all the once-watched every night movies piled up in each and every casket, urn and brain on display. I eat the hot dogs I dream."
"\"People like to talk about themselves.\" Well, from my standpoint, it's the topic I know the most about."
"I like rumors. I find out so much about me that I didnt even know."
"Did you have him nearby to hand you tissues?"
"no problem, I see your signs around #DC all the time. Do you do industrial/commercial real estate at all?"
"the way the lady said it made me crack up xD"
"team prasatik placed 3rd in the tri-girl triathlon! whoop!"
"trade me halladay. u need a catcher which montero will be in like 2 weeks"
"#InOurGeneration we must stand for equality, collaboration and expose ourself to art."
"sweet. Im popping ny to say hello"
"Green is wat? good... Compost is cool!"
"White chocolate is under appreciated"
"Is it me or did everyone go home early because it's Halloween weekend? Where is everybody?"
"Make sure to go follow"
"Even Tho I Say I Hate Her And Argue With Her. I Miss Her, She Was My FIRST REAL Best Friend . No One Can Bring The Past Back."
"So #LiNC has ended but I'm spending the weekend. Anyone down to clown?"
"thanks for the shout out! Please vote to help our organization provide services to families! www.refresheverything.com/adlcenter"
"Just figured out how to change the image of my apps on the new timeline!!!! Yippee!"
"so you guys are having fun?"
"Hi Jon, not yet, but we're working on it. Glad you're enjoying the layouts. We'd love to see what you're working on."
"Did I tag you? a sexis"
"Glad you had a good time - We look forward to seeing you again soon!"
"Summer coming..I'm not goin nowhere before 8 o clock..."
"**The Rock and I**"
"So all this is actually happening, all at once, why?"
"Spanish lol....and YES get it! I can get it to you for free if you want :)"
"Percy is doing a lot better today. He's FINALLY drinking without a syringe and he's eating on his own. I'm slowly feeling relief."
"Comfort Inn & Suites Downtown Vancouver presented APEX award for best Remodel /renovation."
"Kentucky whines so much. Think they should get every call."
"That's awesome, although you could go and discover life outside your home... :p I love what is doing to share content."
"Sipping that drink of diddy's. And chillin 2 some maxwell, can't wait until he comes to dc"
"RT if you wish you were poolside with a cocktail in Vegas right now..."
"Night Christine is on Denver time. Morning Christine is on DC time. Sadly, naptime Christine is not on the trip."
"I'm crying austin is gonna leave his friends but he's gonna live his dream now..."
"Texting buddy?"
"Absolutely crazy! Time is going fast...hope for a nice sunny day:)."
"This celebrity, I mean president, is about as good at policy as Lindsay Lohan is with a breathalyzer."
"Last night was awesome as Iron Pigs from as far away as Phoenix came to NW Ohio to give me my Life Member patch."
"lol. so you know next time to not mess with his food. lmao"
"I didn't see it just heard about it. I'll have to catch the rerun"
"PS Is it your weekend yet :-)?"
"most ppl bump Waka, or 2 Chainz before they go out.. im bumpin Gap Band - Outstanding."
"ok cool. I will let you know how it rocks!!"
"At Charleston Alliance luncheon on downtown redevelopment. Impressive!"
"Steven a just put on a \"I heart \" shirt … I never thought I'd see the day"
"i have disneyland jealousy! no fair haha!"
"\"Excellence is a guilty pleasure, bringing confidence and peace of mind\""
"RT jayhesl #water key to prosperity everywhere: investing in #water will create 1.9 mil US jobs bit.ly/o9vRhi"
"I goes with the $ Salas took from BP, AIG, payday loan co's, pawn shops, insurance, banks, medical ins, oil cos, casinos, etc #chulavista :("
"Attended brief webinar on GeoChat software. Wonderful!"
"So stoked for the iPad 2S unveiling on March 7th!"
"#Imagine read this and followed me !!! Omg = me dead 😲X___X x"
"The #Nuggets game?"
"Adversity is the foundation of virtue. -Japanese proverb"
"All I want right now is to hear from my bf ...its killing me"
"May Saloun Live As Long As Georgetown And May Georgetown Live Forever."
"\"If I'm going to watch a movie here, do I need to check it out first?\" Me: \"Um, no?\""
"yeah! So I hear you're coming back next year!"
"If you count Riggs as a Dem and Huber as a Repub, 685,356 voted Dem today vs. 631,380 GOP in governor"
"Hustle while you are young is what I say, so you can sleep as long as you want when your ability to hustle decreases."
"follow back please?(:"
"It's A Secret"
"Just being in DC feels like something VERY INTENSE is about to happen. Blame West Wing & K Street & Homeland and every Harrison Ford movie"
"University of Illinois - CNET"
"dress normal so that on tuesday VALENTINES DAY you can get all spiffyd up lol"
"I am going to need someone to step up and buy some pasta. I have spent too much time looking for a paper clip."
"you got your ass kicked tonight.;)"
"the rain stopped and the sun is out it may just be a good day after all"
"“: Blue eyed people study better & Get better grades than Brown eyed people.” <<<<heck yea!"
"yes, but if you lose the ball in your own half, that much closer for counter"
"you laugh because I'm different, I laugh because you're all the same-"
"No one cares about the Bruins dude and Pats, Celts, Sox are all on the decline"
"Now Italian Chicken in the crock pot and laundry that needs to be folded. At least I am trying to be productive while little guy is down..."
"Nice+Day=Park:)"
"This is a gem"
"Rep. Paul should be asked if he agrees with his son on the law. How far does the apple fall from the tree?"
"Third final out of four coming right up. See you in three hours."
"These \"flagrant elbow\" calls are a joke. Terrible rule. Really might be one of the worst rules in college basketball. Forget lane violation!"
"No problem! You guys provide a great service for #Madison!"
"yeah I think the nano is just not sensitive enough.. not good for my classes where I have to stop & play music often."
"Church in a few!"
"Brandon Banks is fast"
"nobody? okay. I'll delete it(:"
"....the Chicago cold and rain has come our way to day..."
"This is gonna be one hell of a weekend!"
"Cool. I'll check out as well. Thanks."
"Grapplefest, crazy day ,my kid did great"
"I am going to thoroughly enjoy watching the San Antonio Spurs sweep the Clippers."
"Hot towel on my face>"
"S/O to the supporters"
"I love you so much. Thank you for such an awsome dinner. You are truley my best friend and the greatest person I ever met."
"I am going to be so sore tomorrow. Runnnningggg time"
"I love Ashley so much . . how can this be happening ? </3"
"Fuck i'm bored...."
"It was good to catch up. How a great night."
"Looking forward to a very early video shoot tomorrow!"
"I'm basically 1/2 Irish and 1/2 Italian. Both cultures have proverbs about cats. \"Beware people who dislike cats\" - Irish Proverb"
"*hums Hail To The Chief*"
"She Said My Lips Black , CTFU !"
"Wow, thanks Rita! We love to serve our clients. Btw, follow us on for server status updates."
": Apple just announced the LEBRON IPHONE, it only vibrates. No rings."
"If Caitlin Beadles is ugly, I want to be as ugly as her ♥."
"she was someone who actually shed light on the empowering process of birth for me. still not having babies, but she's awesome..."
"I was trying to find out where got his AA necklace he wore at the Grammy's last night, but all i could find were a bunch of blogs a"
"We're so excited that will be on Hollywood From Home on Jan 25th. Im watching A.N.T Farm right now in celebration!"
"| Thanks for the #followfriday shout-out :)"
"Nails done #check 💅"
"last year I did the exact same thing when people brought up negativity on Father's Day"
"okay im down for a LA get away; who's down.?"
"I feel for anyone who has to wait that long when they have a reservation."
"Should have been: packing. What I actually did: watched this week's Flog. Whoops."
"Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created. We help finance startups/co's that are premature for a bank line."
"**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see 's Ian Anderson at on 9/18!"
"Thanks Ashley! You too... Are your ny plans?"
"Despite what's shown on tv, black men take care of their families and we care about our child's education."
"Which is more affective/painful, the Cunt Punt or the Titty Twister? I wanna beat someone up tonight & need to plan my footwear accordingly."
"Got a crazy carpool lady driving so deuces if and I die"
"I sincerely hope nothing bad happens to the guy demoing concrete stairs with a jack hammer across the street on saturday when I have a cold."
"If I don't get a call tonight. I'm"
"we picked up 3 new receivers today bro! Watch out for us next year."
"Bill Murray is the man I love him"
"Thanks for suggesting us!"
"Stay classy San Diego!"
"I have a question for people who care about DARK SHADOWS: Why?"
"skinny time just got asked to walk in a fashion show during fashion week in October hells yeah.time to get back to the life of a socialite"
"Why the hell can't I ever make anything better.. No matter what I do, I make things worse.. even if I try to help."
"#SunDrop REAL TALK when i say you look like the bird off of RIO takin biut sum \"drop it low\" then you do a (im not racist) white girl bop it"
"digital, media and global are the 3 new literacies"
"wow i have neglected this for a while... the poor unused tweets!"
"is addictive. I can't stop adding things to my wishlist..."
"Hello Brooklyn"
"We need to acquire New Thinking + New Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!"
"im done"
"Watching the #MayweatherCotto fight wtf with Justin he looks wasted"
"The nose on my Gaillac is a little tight, but it's dark and smoky on the palate with a bitter bite to it at the end."
"Our FAVE Milwaukee parent publication is ! Plz #supportstartups and follow us! THX!"
"Anyone else think the members of one direction look gayish. They are british, right?"
"Dear Women of Chicago: I like the way you're dresses today. Love, Mikey"
"#GameofThrones renewed for a third season - *happy dance* - Storm of Swords is my favorite of these books."
"Love your pic! The Mac & Mahon is one of the best comfort foods."
"Saddens me when a family checks out tons of movies and a little kid asks to check out one book and parents say no..."
"World's smallest man tours Australia on only second trip away from home: Chandra Bahadur Dangi, the world's smallest man, is currentl..."
"My March Madness was twarted by an unexplainable, atrotous, and loathsome effort shown by the Memphis Tigers"
"Air & Space Museum! Wish you were here!"
"No it was invented in 1916. I think it means with her fair skin/red hair she photographed exceptionally well in it"
"#sopapilla #mexican dessert # sopapilla cheesecake #delicious dessert recipes # dessert recipes #cinnamon #sugar #favorite dessert"
"Austin's moving to Miami? Oh my cousin lives there!!(:"
"Your pretty darn Intelligent Yourself!!😊"
"Is getting a Bacon cheese and spinich omlet"
"Reading archived Twitter threads, will be hard, tho-- people don't always @ everyone or text gets lost in the RT."
"stupid is as stupid does"
"ME EEP :D"
"I thought today's twitter 101 session was: inspiring and enlightening. I already have ideas to apply when I get home. Sweet!"
"I also put the flier on your facebook page!"
"oh yeah? Tell me more! Small world"
"You can have BOTH and visit us. ;) RT : Craving Either Breakfast Or Mexican Food."
"where at?"
"ur god damn right"
"NO MALACHI THIS CANNOT BE RIP"
"Making networked books ---> 'books move in invisible networks anyway'"
"Is it because they're older? Or are you trying to teach about correlation vs. causation?"
"I have the world's largest collection of seashells"
"you will be missed!! can't believe you're shanghai-ing for good. =("
"ahaha yeaa lets goo if u get sleepy ill take ur spot !! Haha WE GOING MIKEY HUNTING !!!!!"
"get inn some dance clothes in my bag so I can practice on an hour.lol."
"watching The View...chatting with the YENTAS LOL CAN'T WAIT AGT XO"
"#zodiacfacts do Not exist"
"“: I don't usually exercise in the parking garage, but when I do, I get honked at by ” LOL that's awesome!"
"Can't believe #dbf5 sold out in 1 minute. Oh well- I'll be in Ireland."
"Hustle hard now, rest later with FRESh cut from"
"Will this humidity ever leave us? It's hazardous to a girl's hair-do! Tune into CBS Channel 8 Thursday AM for the latest updates."
"Thanks, Chris! GREAT song btw- we loved singing it!!"
"RT Bright hopes for exercise and character development have turned (somehow) into vacuuming, mopping, and dusting."
"Okay, AP tests are over. Time to get back to tweeting!"
"Get it. That sounds delightful. RT : Making paella on the stovetop. Also, wine."
"Our new music upload series continues! Check them out now in 'Sweepers'."
"you're so not my baby, it's making me crazy"
"Knew each other 18 days before they got married!!! The mind boggles."
"That is what we like to hear! Be sure to spread the word and APPLY! :)"
"Definitely! We're at booth 809 if you can catch us."
"Who's watching the 84th Academy Awards? Are you rooting for a \"Best Picture\" nominee?"
"Misunderstood doesn't have to be explained"
"call me! lol"
": start by listening. amen."
"Les firing Morey would be his worst move as owner - right above firing Jeff Van Gundy."
"proud of new york for passing gay marriage"
"Not the beat way to start a Monday."
"Next learning feed :00pm EST. Let us know if this was helpful and relevant to your"
"Oh yeah! I actually lose it at that exact part!!! No one will remember who won....! Love it!"
"i wanna go guitar shopping now ... 🎸"
"you aren't lying bro! I just got a $90 shirt for $35."
"We taste tested the wing sauce and beer pairings for Beer Week yesterday! Make us a must on you Beer Week tour"
"Are you still without electricity due to the wind? Distressed guest rates from $49 at Clarion Hotel (505)823-1300"
"thanks for the follow Dabble. We love your company :)"
"Me either! Wow, time has really flown by!"
"After how many years, I finally cancelled my myspace account. Time to put the past to rest."
"It feels SO good to have some wonderful sister energies around me with NO drama and ALL LOVE. I love my sisters and yall KNOW who yall are!!"
"Seriously shouldn't have eaten the Feta:-/"
"Good point. I wonder what my super power will be."
"It makes me so happy to find a case directly on point. I'm such a nerd!"
"hey and i changed my profile pic do u guys like it:) !?!?!"
"the real question is are you a shiva blaster?"
"They call me \"Tooth Pick\""
"I know, hometown muskegonite is one of their good players. Unfortunately I don't own a UD Tshirt. Might have to get one."
"How you likin' it?"
"#IHaveNoTolerance For sexists and racists."
"Georgia Tech plates 3 runs in 5 hits in the 5th to take a 5-0 lead over"
"Starburst jelly beans >>>"
"PAN SEARED SCALLOPS: Diver scallops w/ sauteed shitake mushroom in edamame puree, drizzled w/ teriyaki sauce."
"Thanks for the FF, Rejetta! Have a great weekend!!"
"DV's Seattle office is moving in a floor below us this week. Jelly?"
"because you would love the sound of your own voice?"
"Mark Sanchez is gonna take over NYC! The guy is a stud..Fight On!!"
"Thanks, Mark! Following back. : )"
"nope but the guy in the corner hunched over his laptop, suffocating himself on a broccoli n cheddar bread bowl was."
"I need a giant bible or dictionary or encyclopedia to prop up my computer so the monitor's at eye-level and my neck doesn't die."
"Could u talk to Victoria for me and tell her igot a song that i wrote and its copywrighted its really nice and she sing plz!"
"Madonna - now that is how it's done!"
"would you ever go on there? xD"
"U have the cutest sweetest little girls!!!"
"Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional."
"Travel Channel Plans More Reality-Style Shows"
"Thanks for the RT about our update."
"Thanks, and happy birthday!"
"BellBrook Labs has entered into an agreement with Thermo Scientific Cellomics 4 exclusive distribution of the iuvo Micronduit Array products"
"Worked all day today an loved it another busier day tomorrow can't wait love my family and my life <3"
"''PLEASE follow , you mean the world to her. Please make her dream come true :') <3'' was that okay?"
"Goals must be more than extrinsic. What fuels you inside?"
"#west #west #west #west but I'm from the #south #east so"
"RT : We'll ask a trivia Q every 10 mins & randomly pick a winner Prize pork coupons Weber grill & other items"
"Great night thanks to all who came out, killed!"
"Lucas your amazing and ignore the haters"
"Watching Ridiculousness! Its the episode. ITS EPIC! XD"
"Roger Goodell just demoted Gregg Williams to the 9th Ward's Pop Warner league."
"And our crew pulled it off. Good job."
"The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Resident Play goes to... RUINED"
"HOT PINK HOT PINK HOT PINK HOT PINK!!! <3"
"Woahhh! That was a close one *wipes forhead*....FACEMASK!!!??? Stop cheating ramrod idiots!"
"At #seahawks game today. Gonna get loud. I hate the #giants too"
"Oh? RT : Charles barely says whatever is on his mind lol"
"daily #homeschool tip: put together a history film series from early man to modern times: popcorn and movies = history by stealth"
"help meet is like swim meet only with less water and with more need for help. help"
"good night! sleep well"
"thats not just u thats stupid"
"Productive day. Now: shower, dinner, hawks!!"
"search engine attacks show up in stats, provide IP address that can be blocked to prevent attacks"
"YES LOVE IT <3"
"In another life...."
"#S/O to a #NF she seem real cool"
"Be grateful..."
"best night ever."
"Man there are certain things girls in skirts shouldnt do"
"Everyone I want to go ; isn't going :|"
"love this!"
"Just got kicked off northwest mutual grounds via loudspeaker for taking pics. If your going to kick someone off at least show your face!"
"Great advice - thanks! RT : screaming time when you both scream and giggle, all other times are no scream time"
"Melted. My heart is now a liquid! #heschangingstatesofmatter & I'm in the science lab too much."
"Yes! Especially with all this Easter candy in my kitchen."
"sure just lemme know when n where"
"yeah! After she hitter her goal she changed her account! She used Bieber & Beliebers."
"TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION."
"For pizza, yes. The first bite, though...I never know quite how the first bite's gonna go. And so, silver :)"
"ready I'm not even gonna open up the link and guess its alcohol. More specifically a Bud light lime??? Am I right?"
"The weather outside right now is looking horrible :/"
"Congratulations and welcome to the chapter"
"Oh Lord let me be content in all circumstances."
"any questions for me or jensen then ask away. jensen is sat right here next to me."
"Spring 2012 Commencement: ... Integrated Studies, and Natural Resources Management. The 10 am Saturday ceremony was for the schools o..."
"working hard!! You go boy! How's HI?"
"dont u just hate dreams like that..."
"Nice playin' Shaun! Keep it up!"
"Link is giving us \"oops...\" bloody beavers!"
"Mugs funny as hell"
"I'M HUNGRY AF."
"MAX5352BCUA+ , using the best dac at best price for your system, check www.synpur.com"
"thanks for the heads up! Aren't the shrimp and grits awesome?!"
"IT'S OKAY, ANY SONGS WRITTEN OR SUNG BY YOU ARE AMAZING <3 #BELIEVE #REALTALK(:"
"I need intertainment"
"If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining."
"Moving cody into the apartment today! Big thanks to Whitehorn and"
"DC buses > DC metro."
"Morning tweeps. Let's get this day started!"
"eggs smell"
"respect ya mind and celebrate the best of times"
"haha! This guy is so cute!"
"Thank you"
"done and done"
"Lol oh lord.."
"Dude nice! What all did you download?? You guys got the chairlift album yet? Im thinking of downloading it..."
"the website is coming along, and you guys are going to like it. especially the FREE ALBUM"
"lol you mean I hope she see that tweet"
"Hey! I'll be sure to inform you next time I host another exchange. :)"
"Im so hungry but im so shy to get food since idk anyone here......."
"Any #elpaso bloggers interested in a bloggers group meetup?"
"lol boy the dance performance at school !"
"hi I sent an email on Thr but got no response. I didn't include my address - should I ? Wishing you a great day!"
"so true. i gave them jell-ed juice for breakfast and they were seriously amused."
"What! Lol now she's having an affair! #um so NETFLIXIN smash when eye get back to america!"
"Remember that we are not human beings having a spiritual experience, we are spiritual beings having a human experience. Schizl"
"Set Build, then Sharks Cove & Keikis <3 Gotta love 3 day weekends."
"Um, does playing on one's iPad constitute \"winding down?\" Hopefully ;)"
"WE need good people like #ElizabethWarren to make our LAWS Help her make it. #VOTE for her and"
"Time to get creative!"
"Its already on the way! RT : can't wait to get mine in the mail!"
"I laughed out loud at the article in GQ about #DowntonPBS - too funny!"
"Hallmark introduced its first Christmas cards in 1915, five years after the founding of the company."
"almost did the cinnamon challenge."
"#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy who actually works for a living.. Not one who has everything handed to him"
"Ugh can we develop a tampon applicator that only needs one hand? I have tweets to read."
"broke 15' dead log in half by jumping on it while it was propped on another log-other end flies up, hitting me directly in head"
"An early #FF to my #Stabile12 running mates and soon-to-be grads &"
"Tonite @ 80 St Marks Place NYC: Triangle Shirtwaist Fire play performed by The Actors Company Theatre. Tix still available!"
"Dont forget to help support the Girl Scouts and Order, Buy & Pick Up your box or boxes of Girl Scout Cookies (and they are so good !!!)"
"What does gay marriage position have to do with running a country??? *scratches head*"
"Can't wait for the grand opening of BUTTERFLY at Chateau Nightclub & Gardens...... =)"
"'Office's Jenna Fischer 'wants Pam, Jim to break out from their jobs' - Digital Spy"
"I will make the beef you will need to make the pork"
"Curious to why I can't have \"ckj\" as my username :("
"Need more MMJ dates"
"Randy Jones Sports Grill is PACKED with #Aztec fans!! Standing room only! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin!!"
"i miss you by blink 182."
"We'll let her know!"
"One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW (1,900+ bands)"
"will be the only nigga late to his own god damn funeral!"
"#HealthTip Load up on Vitamin C and Quercitin for about a month prior to allergy season - both are natural antihistamines"
"On a busman's holiday today. Fun to be surrounded by school groups reading labels."
"Should I wear my hair up or down for formal? SOMEONE HELP ME"
"Really wish I could find my wallet. Clothes and shoes galore at the mall that I need."
"Does your girlfriend know you're saying this ? No ? Didn't think so ."
"I'm tired of wanting something tthat's impossible to attain"
"re: my BlueHost tweet. not complying, just pointing out it's ridiculous. A fool and his money, identity, and privacy are soon parted."
"Come on Basketball! We've been through enough!"
"Wow! Sorry I missed Tech Talk today...great discussions!"
"I got 8 of those last month. They're the worst"
"Folks debate the merits of state exams but I think we can agree it's nice have the option to attend school over break"
"2day we are writing our 1st exam paper english so I want a good luck frm u all"
"I. Very tired ☹"
"Wrapping up our weekend Pageant Winners workshop in Greenville, MS."
"RT : haha yes, but rather not harm any animals in the making of my UFO. < of course not! it's a phony bear skin!"
"Probably not tho"
"Jealousy kills yo... Ugh!"
"on the computer"
"That shit is *unbelievable*."
"I wanna thank you for being here for me!Im crying my eyes out!Now i really do feel ugly!/;"
"Ohlordie! I haven't been on this bitch in forever."
"nixes Keystone Pipeline. Thanks for the ammo..."
"Today I am feeling especially thankful for allergy medicine."
"For young women, melanoma rates on the rise"
"Last day at this job and #NCT. Literally no one."
"RT : Former #Maryland QB Danny O'Brien is transferring to #Wisconsin #Badgers . Good News!"
"oh fuck that. I won't even let Saul dribble a ball Til 830!"
"what's your prediction for the 95 north corridor between PA and NH for Sunday?"
"plz show this 17 year old with no life some luv> < he might kill himself if you don't! He 1 of ur biggest slaves :)"
"Contact us for the special #discount code at"
"Its early as hell and I feeling good as heaven."
"lol no I'm in class"
"On the sea of madness..."
"Would Jesus use An iPhone or Android?"
"oh that's a good one fritter. So original. No wonder this country is in the shithole with great minds like you."
"if you close your eyes and open your heart you will find the one your looking for has been right in front of you the whole time 4/4/11<3"
"confessions video uploading now! Thanks for the shout out girl! Been traveling all day without wifi."
"Omg its rainninnggg AGAIN. What the frick happened to the austin droubt?!?!"
"U Cant Say Nothin Bout Id Until U Try Id Doe.."
"NYY leads DET 6-1 in Game 4 of the series. Bases loaded, no outs in the eigth."
"I love how everyone is freaking out that is following or retweeting them :) Gosh I love twitter!"
"Seth Rogan- not meant for action movies. Sorry buddy."
"WooHoo! Added a night to #ISTE2011 reservation...road trip can start earlier! we are set! :)"
"How do I not have enough coat hangers for all my clothes? I think someone is breaking in to steal coat hangers. Only explanation."
"It's good to prioritize..."
"If you don't concern yourself with stereotypes, why are you painting with such a broad brush when you rally against \"Liberals\"?"
"Two more hours to pop on by for a $5 #Greek #Cheeseburger! Special is on until 4pm!"
"Sometimes--SOMEtimes--it's fun to work in a neighborhood with a high-density crazy-person population."
"#Sunderland & #Norwich boringhell crap #MNF on"
"Got my first homerun !! (:"
"wasn't messing around tonight."
"Everyone follow she is amazing and she gives good tweets, I love her very much and she follows back!Oh and she is beautiful"
"The whispered miracles - love that concept. I'll be listening for mine."
"Learn from your mistakes. Realize that everything is a lesson in disguise. Forgive. And let go of the things you can’t control."
"LogMyCalls Launches Google+ Page"
"nvm that's who I would take ha"
"It cracks me up how much where I work creates traffic around this time of day and again from 4-5pm."
"BALLGAME OVER #Yankees WIN!!!!!!! THE #Yankees WIN!!!!!!"
"Drink American and Shine Responsibly friend!"
"What's in your ongoing series, \"Things I've Accidentally Mailed\"?"
"let me do your Hair"
"You never know how strong you are- until being strong is the only choice you have"
"fed gov like a 10x walmart $ size company that gives away $ and power. Creates different culture. NIH alone is 30 B"
"lol, just an awesome store.. So there a lot!"
"Bien ;D Y que haces? LOL (What you doing?)"
"HEB makes a pretty phenomenal tres leches cake. Who knew? Also it pairs well.with a Lone Star tall boy."
"That was so embarrassing"
"“: MENstruation, MENopause, MENtal breakdowns, see? most of women's problems begins with men\" <woMEN can't spell that without MEN"
"luxurys car looks much nicer stock than \"hooked up\"...."
"Had a great time at the Viper last night! Thanks everyone!"
"Haha the album art is actually the twitter profile picture/background on my profile :)"
"That song which reminds you of the very first encounter with the love of your life"
"get anything good?"
"thanks for posting that siquieros sketch, that's one of my favorite pieces of all time"
"#ThingsILookFor someone to be like you. Who am I kidding tho?"
"No, not rly."
"I like your default :)"
"Director Stahlmann slays with record-setting fellowship numbers. Thanks peer reviewers who made it possible!"
"RT : NFL Draft and happy hour at Life is good."
"done wow beautiful."
"My mom is so dramatic"
"can i get some chips with that salsa? nice catch"
"God be the glory and the blessing will over flow for you."
"hope we get to meet up for some good old C&C time :) I miss you!"
"finally done at the dentist, 3 hours later."
"“: if I have my party for my Birthday , will you come ?” dont know .."
"Honey Cocaine >>>>>"
"I am back fro holiday.Turkey is so beautiful."
"I remember back in college when my professor Thomas Rockwell First introduced me to the pen tool.... GOLD in the palm of my hand ;-)"
"What a beautiful night it is in Washington, DC. The CBCF conference is always a good look and one of the best conferences we attend yearly."
"no question mark?"
"when you come in I will explain it to you. You can use the 30 pounder..."
"If I decide to get the test then I'll probably pay out of pocket. Who knows what my insurance company will do with the info."
"Hanging out with old friends >>"
"spring break felt like one whole school day... went by to quick"
"Don't care what direction, as long as there is shows! HS"
"I know, I just miss being able to feel it. lol"
"The renaming of iCal to Calendar and Address Book to Contacts in OS X 10.8 gives me hope that a simplified, iOS-style Music app may be next."
"Weigh in fixing to begin! Who's it going to be Jones or Faircloth???"
"my last one was on Christmas Eve driving back from Dallas. Lol. Just remembered that."
"hehe how cute i love serenading you <3"
"I want sea foam green sheets"
"That’s a short uncle right there..."
"“: Everybody has that friend that lies about how much play they get.”"
"i better find u lol"
"4-not engaging people; 5-not selling to them; 7-making sure your webhsite is actually converting"
"Is it crazy windy where you are ? All I hear is breezin' at my window!"
"Why is errbody always internet thuggin!? IF YOU AINT REAL QUIT ACTIN LIKE U US LIL BITCH!"
"Darrow would be smiling. He was a real liveandletlive libertarian."
"yay! So happy you're coming to Portland!"
"Tonight we r young"
"My tennis racket broke. :("
"Before you go to bed, look up at the light's of the Goodyear Blimp... \"T.Brown's a Pimp\""
"Thanks! :D Now following you too."
"I just had a really good idea for a screenprint."
"Playing with Ruby Kendrick tonight Diplo dance party to follow."
"omg this paycheck was my best one in 3 years"
"\"PA is the literary equivalent of Altoids unassuming & cute on the outside while what’s inside is intense enough to make your eyes cross.\""
"Maybe it's the effect of gorgeous weather, but today I removed all the complain-y people from my Facebook news feed."
"mentioned a \"Falling Slowly\" duet with Eddie Vedder. I went searching for video immediately. It's as good as I imagined."
"There is more logic in humor than in anything else"
"Moose Crossing we have made it beauty hotel"
"it's ok you know you want me;) hahaha"
"Congrats ESM's just the beginning...keep fighting I will always have your back"
"We got some new glass goods from Come in and say hi today."
"your welcome.❤❤❤❤"
"Good morning beautiful people!"
"I use to want to be a model.. I think I can rip the runway.."
"We also get apocalypse-cult spam."
"Spicy peanut noodles with chicken and bok choy. Is it dinnertime yet?"
"I am not single, nor am I taken. I'm secretly in love with Justin Bieber. Its so secret, he doesn't even know."
"Loved the Africa doc. The band Gull is doing a similar doc on percussion in E Africa. Could you help spread the word?"
"#ThingsIReallyCantStand When you're looking forward to seeing someone and then plans change."
"Apple has it's first $20 billion quarter!"
"this soundtrack though? \"n-word\" galore! just.."
"do I have to do something bad haha or something good"
"what doesn't like group members?????"
"Oh man... every minute feels like an asthma attack. Must remember to breathe."
"I'm getting a shirt made for St Pattys day...what should it say? Remember ill be in NY/NJ"
"link me up to old dot"
"I was thinking the same thing, also notice the Adam's apple? Haha"
"Dat good ol Jordan"
"What are you grateful for this weekend?"
"7 Things Your Blog's Sidebar Can't Live Without"
"mornings just don't go well for me."
"And all of us slaves will pay for it dearly!"
"She know if am fucking with her I dont really need her ♥"
"I will email you what I have. Hope the wedding plans are going well!"
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars."
"He's gotta camp, but I think he ends up at OSU."
"we're training the next generation of online organizers"
"Kevin hates my house you guise"
"Tomorrow marks Dr Julie's last day @ Levine Dental. We wish you the best in your new endeavors and we thank you for being part of our team!"
"your such a nice cousin"
"uhm, #google, why can't I text a people card or elements thereof any more? #ICS #android #galaxynexus NFC will not ALWAYS be answer"
"Board member representatives will meet with volunteers to assign duties and keep the flow of communication open."
"Please welcome AntoniousDLee to the Max life"
"I wouldn't miss downtown on Halloween for the world :) where else do I get to see that much skin downtown in 30 degree weather?"
"ha ha. Watch out - I mean it and I have connections!"
"Polar bears #Lost rt #LivFamFeudQues if you were stranded on an island, name something you might have to eat"
"Briere? He is really good for nothing except dumb penalties. What the hell is wrong with him?"
"“: follow me dude” No"
"Me: Grandma the bulls lost by 1 Grandma: Aw shit WTF Me: Lmfao"
"I can't see the little pictures :l I have an android ..."
"Getting prettier everyday lol"
"Sorry missed #uxchat tag RT : What would the group say are examples of excellent mobile UX that are in the market today?"
"you will always have a place in my heart <3 Don't forget us=)"
"it won't let me DM you back!:/"
"You are still getting more and more followers, but I just STUCK here. Maybe it' s because I don't tweet too much. Haha!"
"your welcome :)"
"Spent last week in Shreveport, Louisiana recording the upcoming Brian Blade Fellowship album It was an incredible time."
"#Trayvon God takes folks we love, to honor them, to raise them up, and to teach us how little we appreciated what we had when we had it."
"Beach party on the threshold of hell."
"God I hate cigarettes!!! So nasty! #gross Side note- #drumcorps is a trending topic! Bad ass!!!"
"I swear I bowled a 114 last night... I swear"
"u say that now, haha! These shoes give plenty of protection, ppl wldn't wear'em if they didn't. They strengthen your feet naturally."
"Going to record today :)"
"I love that tip! When we took three days last year to S. Antonio we had an amazing time. Definitely great advice!"
"Good idea to brainstorm #mla13 session formats, Ppl here can chime in."
"kendall jenner is so fucking hot."
"It's amazing how someone can make you feel, without being anywhere near you."
"Hupy & Abraham's Watch for Motorcycles message began airing 3/12. Watch for contests to win prizes while spreading the awareness message."
"how you been?"
"S/o my girl I love her she stay looking out for me! She know how to keep me happy and I love that!"
"Definitely one of the most intense and slightly disturbing episodes I've seen."
"Cleveland goes with me everywhere I go..apparently the weather follows me too....."
"Cheers to you!"
"That's why I do the online dating thing. I have no idea how else I'd meet men."
"we can talk about it instead lol"
"just finished rolling a blunt"
"u did a fantastic job speaking @ #PRSAIcon. I'll be practicing the assertiveness 1,2,3 steps. Thank u!"
"Singing \"One Headlight\" at karaoke is one of the best decisions I've made in weeks."
"#Everyblackneighborhood has wig store, chicken shack, liquor on every block."
"But it's not free. Fluke is asking for free contraceptives. That's why people are questioning her motivation."
"BINGO! Point for Julie"
"so bad lol"
"I normally don't do politics, but... Is the 2-party system really a good idea? Or the cause of our (\"us\" vs \"them\") political problems?"
"Frances Richard reads w/ Miranda Mellis this Friday the 23rd at Unnameable Books in Brooklyn."
"Kobe ain't Jordan!"
"Would love to see Louisville go all the way!!"
"Coming on Friday."
"I am a master of the"
"Thanks for the interview & patience! :) Btw, I'm thinking about a sequel to TLL..so you might get to read more about April."
"Thank you :)"
"Wow, Blake Griffin ladies and gentlemen..."
"Just got a commercial audition for Green Burrito for Monday!! Watch out Taco Bell your competition is coming!! LOL..."
"I will has no funds until I come back from houston next week. once again, FML."
"exactly awareness is key step to have consumers decide to purchase...builds buzz. Great job"
"Rain in SC too? Well, darn! Our tour Saturday should be rain free:-) RT : Not supposed to rain until 10pm so book a tour!"
"The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time..."
"I occasionally wonder if my mom really thought I wouldn't be gaming at this point in my life or just really hoped I wouldn't be."
"hey guys does any body know the person who has tweeted the most."
"Excitement and Fear often feel the same physiologically. In my next audition, I notice any fearful energy and label it excitement."
"I'm bout to text u"
"o i c. yesterday i went to big asplash and ig ot a sunburn!! doesnt really hurt though."
"Many thanx to for hosting the candidates night"
"Very cool re: harmonica lessons. I'll have to chk it out!"
"Bitches need learn some common courtesy."
"Congrats for your feature on Kickin' it with Kenny. Awesome location, awesome wears! Good job guys."
"thank you!!"
"ME TOO"
"That is my fear, yes."
"The Worlds Largest Block Party - www.worldslargestblockparty.com"
"« 200 Followers in 2 days for my company Thanks!» I GOT U Radius"
"Looks like I'm as smart as an asian who prob learned math before she was crawling! Yeys"
"ALLDAY!! RT : You know you fuck'in her so good you got her legs shaking"
"looks like actor Joel Edgerton from the upcoming film 'Warrior', if he lost a few inches and had any testosterone"
"I'll be all caught up with Vampire Diaries by tonight then let you know! I was out Thursday night! :D"
"Olin Miller~ You probably wouldnt worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do."
"Chicken wings, pasta and potato salad, chips and salsa...all the favs!"
"Damn, you mad?! You are blowing up my feed with this Mayweather MADness!!"
"thought we were friends ):"
"New Vera Bradley for Spring has arrived at Watts! Stop in and check it out."
"O Frabjous day! Found the first bottle of Fluffy White Rabbits of the spring!"
"Cant wait to see you on the #KCA's !!!!!!!!! i voted for you like 100 times! #FavAussieStar <3"
"will you be back home tomorrow?"
"his human side. I would like to see a real wedding for Lois and Clark, but on a small/intimate scale! :)"
"Thanks for all the help making my switch over to Pro Tools go smoothly! -JO"
"Happy mothers day mrs shepherd"
"just ate a bubba gump shrimp and then decided to watch the movie... Ur the best man! Might hafta watch a couple others now!"
"Trying to finish everything up before going on vacation AHH."
"I love this team! GO CATS!"
"\"There it is your moment of zen\" Stewart “: do u 2 work in city hall or @ a Zen Buddhist retreat?”"
"In addition to 's list."
"HOW MANY LEADS YOU GONNA BLOW IN THIS GAME SHITTSBURGH?!"
"boy, you scared me! suddenly shout.next time give warning first lah.haiyo."
"get a pair of guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes visit our webstore!"
"I wish all those couples would just go get a room so all the single/loners/desperate people don't have to see it"
"Who wants to go see that avengers movie this weekend"
"Anybody make dope beats? Email them to !"
"I'll never quit Timmy! But I may have some Brockback Mountain in me! In meantime, Russell me up some Wilson!"
"What a day!!! Here's to a better tomorrow! Goodnight!"
"dude, I'm on the S2 heading downtown and all the cute ladies you've never seen in DC are on this bus."
"here's my number, so call me maybe"
"Dell acquires SonicWall today! Big news!"
"It's probably greedy to want a 6-0 road trip, but.... that should've been a 6-0 road trip."
"RT : I speak pearls of wisdom"
"check me out on youtube sarahsophiatv thanks"
"How about Another BRICK in the Wall ?"
"I'm at national MS Society Tour of Champions getting closer to a cure... SWEET"
"RT \"A friend is like a good bra… hard to find, supportive, comfortable, and there to lift U up! #smgirlfriends\""
"lol u ready 4 me to release a small mixtape every month while im workin on my full cd?"
"And Rihanna, my good sir, has no purpose."
"Wanna have more followers!.. come on!!! =)"
"If you havent heard the music yet...Tune in here! Take a second and listen!"
"lol. im so ugly when I cry."
"Thanks for the follow, Mackenzie."
"yw.. was a great guest. Glad he's recovering quickly."
"dang dude, shoe game getting kinda crazy lol"
"tryna cut deals out here - getting destroyed. NYC's cool tho, u gotta get me tix next year for your MSG game. how's the stroke?"
"O ok I stand corrected :)"
"Don't miss your life ❤"
"The maximum prison sentence for an individual caught in the act of violating immigration policy is 6 months subsequent offense."
"go get 'em!"
"And You Will Know Us By The Trail Of Dead Bodies Of Your Friends Holy Crap Zombie Attrition Is On, Mofo..."
"Sage....wow. More like New York state-of-mind w biz background who likes to ask for $ meets #nonprofit world."
": Sitting with Paul…"
"Interested in \"the digital humanities,\" particularly the application of social network tech. Suggestions about where to follow on Twitter?"
"I agree. OL was a much bigger need, and the Giants have always been able to find RBs late."
"have a reality TV show style competition. Obstacle course, confessional booth, cockroach eating, vote off ivory tower"
"everyone wish a happy bday retweet it !!!!!!!!!!!"
"RT : We donated our pink sparkly cowboy hats to the TLA bookstore & these lovely folks bought them. Thanks y'all!"
"Let's hear \"I Burn\" by the Toadies!"
"Poor Dick Clark. :("
"This time again expressive lineaments exquisite"
"hope u got to stop by!!!"
"hmm okay. Lets shoot"
"S/o to white chocolate for finishing all.her work for the work week yesterday.."
"Coffee, catching up on Scandal, watching livetweet the #walkforanimals, and checking radar to see if I can scoot to campus."
"No she shouldn't have, but that's what some people think they need to do to escape the pain of all the hate."
"I just took my food handlers permit test online for an hour and a half and got paid for it. But i felt like a little kid banned from recess."
"What does everyone think about ( 2 ) 30 cent beers with the purchase of a dinner or combo meal?"
"Why did no one tell me #snoop was coming to town?!"
"It’s really about the type of meeting that the company is trying to create, rather than the type of company that is holding the meeting"
"yeah im italian and my dads a head chief its in the blood"
"Hey Everyone! Hope your New Year is off to a great start! I'm personally looking forward to a promissing 2012."
"Haha. I wish. She owns a kosher dairy restaurant near Beverly Hills and stopped by our table. But they serve with both."
"Nope. Once they start thinking like cats, only then will they get it! MOL!!!"
"cus don't none of them got real hair"
"Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man"
"True, but he has the lowest WAR of anyone in the bigs so I think he'd argue with your claim."
"lucky you it's 52 in Atlanta :("
"\"The very discovery of the new world was the by-product of a dietary quest.\" -Arthur M. Schlesinger"
"♬ August 23rd 1969 The man in Black the late great Johnny Cash was 4 wks at No.1 on U.S Country charts with \"Johnny Cash at San Quentin\" ♬"
"remember me? Haha :) your biggest fan. Ever. :D"
"doesn't make hip-hop for people that like to HEAR music. I make hip-hop for people that like to LISTEN to music"
"throw up the pic of Sully bro'n it up on Easter"
"hell no"
"The standard for behavior change is once a week meetings...yes? no?"
"come to WISCONSIN please"
"Does Niall Horan have a twitter? -Maria"
"[Campus Bulletin] Don't know about you, but we sure are ready for a long weekend after that exhausting week of classes."
"Whenever I see dried vomit on the ground it takes me back to what once was and what could've been."
"damn I need like, a really cool famous white dude in my crew. Chris Pine? Channing? Nick Cannon?"
"I think so."
"What creative plans do you have for the weekend?"
"It was under daily trending topics. And I thought it was world wide. :( ops."
"They did, that's Andreas"
"Don’t expect to find the right person if you aren’t willing to let the wrong one go."
"DJ Styles in the mix at Dorsey's Locker tonight, 5817 Shatuck, Oak, CA. 7-12. See you there"
"RT : off to finish my new studio today........ cant wait JB ......congrats"
"#work mode today..."
"baller new album"
"Leadership - No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent."
"So! Lol“: #Libra's have expensive taste.”"
"Quick glance at the stats! Haywood with 5 rebounds..."
"BELIEBERS! Follow they follow back & have amazing tweets (: ♥ GO."
"Things aren't lookin good for the cinnamon bun. We just put cream cheese frosting, salty cinnamon caramel and candied pecans, on a waffle."
"welcome to Twitter! Best #ReMax office in the DC metro area!"
"These NBA playoffs are unfolding like The Simpsons softball episode. I expect Kevin Durant to fall down a bottomless pit any day now."
"You'd swear my house just survived WWII. Crying, yelling, barking and more."
"Good morning friends. We're sorting through today's Daily Deals looking for the best ones. Look for a blog later today! :)"
"No problem!"
"Where are you watching the game today? Need any good places to go for halftime?"
"ALERT: Evangelical guitarist with amplifier near Finger Fountain. Approach with caution. (via )"
"yeah good point .."
"“: \"Shock Media\" apples vs oranges. Stick to the treadmill my friend.”"
"It just seems longer under the stress!"
"congrats girl!!"
"Sick and freaking exhausted:(("
"#bizethics First day of tracking consumption patterns? Get after it, Biz Ethics students!"
"To my gay friends hurting over the vote in NC: I hope Obama's words have helped you. Let's push for equality!"
"Little advice west to eastside commuters: take Pico this evening."
"Hosting a National Championship party tonight at my apartment. Wish it was the Gators playing, but I will cheer hard for the SEC!"
"Hitting the mall with the biddy"
"SaddleBrook @ Bobby Rockets tonight ... the shenanigans continue ..."
"even the sun sets in paradise"
"Everybody else surprised, I wasn't surprised"
"RT : “Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.” --B.F. Skinner"
"Hey Coach Fox, Is it Tebow time yet? wake me up when it is, cause Orton puts me to sleep!!!!"
"The work you do \"off the job\" often times determines how far you will go in your career."
"I've got a doctorate in it."
"yea I'm thinking about getting it! It could really come in handy especially living in TX with all these messicans lol"
"#MoneyMovies \"Set It Off\""
"teaching this AM about missions... what is your mission in life?"
"No pants party of one wbu"
"Tell your heart heads up."
"is in the boogie down bronx at Mommas Hip hop Kitchen almost showtime!"
"we have a 50th bday party in NJ sorry to miss tree lighting and open house with the #philly women."
"With Rose out, does that put miami in the Nba finals?"
"conversations with are always nice."
"No, the not neglecting to eat good meals before a big meal or a holiday meal. I always neglect that part!"
"those too!"
"With their penis jokes & alcohol, those bridesmaids are having a good time at the"
"Thanks to all of the new followers this week! We look forward to interacting with you on Twitter."
"Typing another paper... A N O T H E R is the key word.."
"The wooly bear is the worlds oldest caterpillar. Going for egg to moth over a 14 year span! Poor wooly bear! They live in the artic"
"Wow the mail is fast! We mailed that yesterday evening...lol"
"Shouts to all my Planet Money peeps (I see you ) who just heard latest news that Young Buck's moniker might be sold to pay back IRS."
"OMG its one in the morning and I look great because I am buzzed on Mtn. Dew OH BABY"
"At this very moment I could shake my fist at the sky & say why but I refuse to get discouraged! I could really use prayer right now!!"
"you're welcome. I've got a 12 hr shift tomorrow. Grizzly out."
"Also #FF to those who RT this week and thanks for mentions"
"Nice flop, Steve Blake. Somewhere Anderson Varajeo is golf-clapping. Poor can't BUY a call."
"Wish I was there. I'm a scooter mag in Oregon following CBR. You should contact the organizer."
"RT : Do you think Mike Woodson is the right guy for the job? (I like Woody...sure why not? Team needs a PG)"
"just DM'ed you...Metro email address?"
"hey justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com !"
"me 2 alex riley and zack ryder are awesome so wat match do you want to see the most"
"Offensive line is looking good Gabe!"
"If I ever have to see another #crowneplaza again I'll die."
"yes! And I think that as a Xicana, there's an intimacy that words spoken is Spanish bring up that English just can't.."
"Studio! Getting alot done!"
"Ok, ok, we love the guess...but the only way to find out is to listen to all week. Heh. ;)"
"I HATE MOTHS. GET OFF MY PHONE SCREEN AND MY FACE. 👊💢👊💢👎"
"Alien in my pants"
"Gotta love Hofer. Such a good guy :)"
"awl, you are too cute!!"
"Yes, UW will rely on defense this year for sure. Offense has been inconsistent. Try to replicate Butler's success"
"Two words:"
"Good morning"
"I'm curious about the circumstances of his being the father of Leonard Cohen's grandkid."
"Thanks for the retweet! Have a great week!"
"Bad football day (UT and FSU break my heart). Good weather day (actual rain from the skies for minutes at a time)."
"re:same sex interracial adoption: In Our Mothers' House, White Swan Express, Monika's Papa is Tall"
"Thank you to our afternoon presenters: Dr. “Vinny” Veenod Chulani of Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children!"
"What Gucci Nigga"
"going big with"
"I never get excited for school to start during the summer. Even on the most boring day. NEVER."
"Hey !! Like Divine Blue ?! Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!"
"Gearing up for a busy week here at #BlueRock #Studios for projects with #WebMD and #Landings international."
"You can light up the dark."
"I'm done with X-Factor. Sending home Astro & Drew is an absolute joke"
"I love this new Target commercial with the french song and happy colorful people."
"man, is everyone done with finals before me? RT if you aren't done til friday."
"thanks, you are a true supporter of \"techbro.\""
"thanks for the explanation -- and in 140 characters no less :) will dig deeper into the links you sent"
"- If Told Me Happy Birthday That Would Be Dope ! :)"
"hey girl hey! nice flannel!"
"I saw their truck when I was in LA. Tried tosnap a pic, but too late."
"went to everybody's records today- cool in-store performances!"
"Happy VD! RT V-Day is Tuesday! RETWEET this before 9am for chance to win $75 gift card to Proflowers .com"
"“: . Who got that $1B again? You still haven't named a single company...” Oh, then it didn't happen? Ok"
"Lavoy Allen's Playoffs have been a pleasant surprise."
"room 317 usiakabsbkzoshshzjsiejbaban. best thing I've ever read."
"I have been trying to change my Twitcon for almost an hour. WTF. I am about to give up - leaving the pic the way it is. UGH!"
"how 'bout jeff niemann, though? :)"
"True statement For Sure"
"Did you know that any #digitalsignage screen owner can get involved with locbit as long as their screen(s) are connected to the..."
"NYC - Keep an eye out for the cow. I'm coming for you."
"oh I think he's so sexy but he's not my fav =p"
"dope shizz yo..sorry for the late response"
"I'm taking off my toes"
"eww why so much make up is this real"
"#ghlive If I was there I so would.....LOL. I have a 6 pack of beer in my mini fridge now......LOL"
"The new LinkedIn App on the iPad is fascinating... Still trying to figure it out though..."
"Yes, but not in the standard package. Not sure it was lime, though."
"so would you get her job if you claimed squaters' rights?"
"So I shaved my head. Now it takes me only eight minutes to get ready to go out. I think somehow the two are related."
"has a fucking stalker chick :o -__-"
"In a mastering session for my new single, Makin' Love. Yes my album is EPIC."
"Great.. just great."
"Waiter Shawn is too funny. Totally in the #end of world spirit. Wants to know if we are zombie prepared."
"*Eminem voice* Cleaning out my closet..."
"Alright Laker fans - there's no need to boo LO"
"you are do ugly !! #jussayin (:"
"RT : Slicer in Excel 2010 can be used to provide people with info without teaching them pivot tables."
"even if Mexico made a good beer i still wouldn't buy any.. happy cinco de mayo"
"Pretty much \": Found my costume lol imma look slutty but o well that's the point of halloween right?\""
"Is their a direct contact person I can ask for? Thanks"
"Glad I live off campus. This week is CFAW week."
"a Wellesley classmate's estate good guns good hunt good show!"
"Forever making jealous with \"all the cute American guys.\""
"Urging you to support Council Member Koretz's medical marijuana ordinance. It's time to figure it out without a ban."
"Great day to be a new yorker interested in both advertising and international relations. Off to for Advertising week, then the UN"
"I need something to do"
"Join Amy R.'s 12:00 Power Flow class on Saturday & SAVE YOUR DRAMA FOR YOUR MAMA. \"Dear Mama\", \"The Kids are Alright\" \"Teach Your Children\""
"Found the Waterline trail dry almost to top, 1 wet patch over falls--irises not emerged yet on High Trail, April 4 sure."
"Back in Business after that #snowtober hope everyones power is restored in"
"You should say: Tengo que hablar español para tener mejores notas. We don't get good or bad marks for homework."
"Cant stand mondays"
"Anytime! Did you change the storify URL or am I just having issues connecting? I'm getting a server error."
"Students & #aoahill = GREAT combo ! RT #AOA advocacy meeting in Washington DC. It's time to fight for optometry!"
"We are working on it!"
"Bought some new goodies at JoAnnes!"
"About to watch this pacers game since I didnt have to work 😃"
"I say we do it once a month to keep the karma rolling!"
"I give thanks for the experiences that shape my life."
"Besides, I'm pretty sure the Yankees took a dive."
"Adding new products to our website"
"thx Bart! How's your little one?"
"After school poops >>>>"
"In da club"
"I don't know why I ask questions on my blog... No ever posts comments except for"
"Dinner time. Super excited for our Cannes young lions ad competition shoot over the next two days!!"
"RT The Giant in the Wheelchair I: It's Out. It's REALLY Out. goo.gl/fb/Fbgpj"
"iBand Live! @ The Highlands In Hollywood, 10:30 PM PST, Tonight only on www.iBand.me"
"Sad. RT This is efficiency. RT In 21 at-bats with the bases loaded last season, Yuniesky Betancourt created 23 outs."
"University of Vermont. 1999."
"It's a two show day but Empire Coffee and Tea across 9th ave closes before our evening show. Ah well, #Starbucks is just down the block!"
"yep yep! That is the plan. How is everything? Are you folks still in Michigan??"
"COME CHECK OUT THE ADIDAS WE JUST GOT IN"
"Adam I miss you too!"
"I'm in the market for that sweet taste of nectar but I'll settle for two cantaloupes and a cherry."
"We're here"
"Palindrome of the day: \"Was it felt? I had a hit left, I saw.\""
"congrats guys. Now the chances of seeing you this summer have increased"
"& it's not even his birthday..."
"Have a new pair of specs from Metro Eye? Or a fave pair you can't live without? Tweet a pic and show us how you rock your frames!"
"\"s/he\" is to \"he or she\" as ______ is to \"click or tap\""
"LOL That's how I make my living! I build and sell lenses."
"haha yeah unfortunately I dont know how to swag like you. lol"
"yea they are I love watching both of them play but when they play eachother I root for the Thunder."
"ME! Going modified GAPS baby...a la Chriss Kresser/Paleo (adding starches) Thx for your tweets!!!"
"A Team LOL RT Seriously I been working at the y for the past 4 summers this makes 5 Smh!! But I love it!"
"hope youre having a awecim day beautiful (:"
"no, silly...it gets better client \"resource materials\""
"if the pill works it eventually does"
"Happy friday! Going back to music expo today at W hotel in hollywood to do some biz!"
"Ooh dang! Do you have a cover for it?"
"Thanks Eddie! Are you at the Relapse Theatre tonight?"
"won't let me get skinny jeans. The world needs to see what junk I have in my trunk."
"Raise that motherfucker!!!"
"AH I WANT A POMSKY"
"on top of the air purifier(s!), look into humidity monitoring devices & dehumidifier(s)...worth their weight in gold IMHO!"
"Just read above 220 can cause infection, amputation, and vision damage over time. Scary shit."
"Just ordered a 3 month subscription for my Godmother as a Mother's Day gift."
"text me"
"U Show Me Nothing But Hate. U ran Me Into The GROUND. But What Comes Around Goes Around. But U still DON'T hurt Me. NO Love Eminem Ft Wayne"
"lmao! Good one... Now focus!"
"Shout out to"
"Ah! 100 followers:D thanks so much guys(: I'm gonna try follow back all of you when I get the computer! I'm doing as much on my phone(:"
"Attention Dancers and models. Auditions will be held on May 20th for video \"Jello\". The girls chosen will get a free photo shoot!"
"AGP IS NOW LOOKING FOR MODELS FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY INBOX FOR MORE DETAILS..."
"Absolutely, and the sooner the team realizes it the better."
"I meant boobie before the last 30 minutes LOL damn. I forgot I got a game tomorrow. When your #s called"
"Surely those must be omens of some sort?"
"Thanks too for following us. We sell just about anything that is legal"
"every Jaws movie in random order."
"thanks for the love homie. I appreciate that"
"what am i gnna do tonight....... i jus want my stomach rubbed cuz my shit is hurtin"
"Is delicious RT : Five Guys!"
"I don't care what anyone says today, I am just going to have fun."
"The Jacques Brel show at the Skylight was great. Brel in English ! Highly recommend it. 2 days left though."
"glad to see you're doing your part to solve the #Drupal talent shortage. Looking forward to Pascal!"
"Personal librarian program at Duke sounds very interesting"
"Twitter: djdmannyc Click the follow button ;-)"
"On May 17, at 12 noon EDT, unglue.it will launch its first set of campaigns. CONGRATULATIONS!"
"\"These are not the tests you're looking for.\""
"WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: 4 Hall of Fame members made up the group \"The Highway..."
"Last year Minnesota was open for business and Wisconsin was closed. Amazing how things change in one year's time."
"signed up for the chicago marathon 2010"
"i love you brittanie marie <3"
"BUZZ, a young adult novel set in Texas - not in Austin or Houston or even Corpus Christi, but in rural Texas in the mesquite brush country"
"nice shirt"
"I have a half brother and many cousins on my biological father's side. I am so thankful that God has allowed this connection!"
"In 2030 we will look back and talk about the #EDM era just like we talk about the 1970 disco era"
"Just put up another new song off the EP! Check it out!"
"The museum is open today and Friday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Come celebrate your days off school with us!"
"A lil biased here, but Cincy Brass at Friday at 930 is a can't miss and free!"
"Happy Friday! We hope you all had a great work week! Enjoy your weekend!"
"Go to bed gurl"
"Got first place on the Tuesday Tough Criterium! Team OSP Juniors took all spots on the podium!"
"We appreciate it! We retweeted your blog."
"Girls would you ever do a hair removal treatment thing so you'll be hairless for the rest of life?."
"haha we are going to church?? :)"
"Demoing Sony Internet TV powered by Google TV on Intel Atom CE4100 processors!"
"For all the great Christian artists that did NOT win Dove awards, please buy their music - they need our support!"
"i wish would preform at Santa Ana"
"Anyone want a card? I won't be needing it."
"The food network is like porn."
"How good would it be if said Happy Birthday to me on march 22 even more amazing if he phoned me #NeverSayNever;) haha♥.."
"HA! Only the good ones do...the rest aren't worth the time"
"I'll give you a massage if you study."
"We're watching College Football on big TV's! Texas Longhorns vs. Texas Tech Red Raiders 11am at Darrell K. Royal – Texas Memorial Stadium"
"Setting up for success!"
"not married yet. No babies."
"Amazing dinner last night! Nic & I really enjoyed ourselves! Thank u both so much!"
"um excuse me, why isn't in my bed right now? I require sexy time."
"So since you're moving away from big mid-tempo ballads, will A3 be all about dance music /tempo, hip hop etc?"
"78 degrees, not a cloud in the sky on Malibu canyon."
"You were awesome today. Thanks for your continued trust and support. God Bless positive humor!"
"#Weedman txt me and said he got that shit that be rapping about...must be his selling point..lol"
"I am *devastated* to realize I missed the spring book sale at ! And so begins the long wait till the Fall Sale!"
"hahaha good one!"
"Hey Ella! Wats ur Facebook name so i can add u!"
"- ask Stumpf why there's no relief for people that pay their bills. We own 2 homes & are land lords because we can't sell!"
"I've been listening to #SaySomethin for 2 hours now(: I'm addicted to it<3 I can't wait till it comes out(:"
"There are certain things I hate about Seattle. But I'm glad I live here. I'll be better for it."
"Two straight years out of the playoffs in the first round. Tough break"
"Winterer lied to me"
"Could someone just be super nice and lend me $32,000 for the next four years? I just want to go to college :("
"indulging in an chocolate protein shake this morning. um YUM!"
"two words. CRAIGS. LIST. ;)"
"#FF love to great health & wellness tweeps!"
"Thanks Matthew. It's hard to keep up with this stuff :)"
"I see your APM and raise you a MVP..."
"Hello spider in the corner, you just chillin yeah? BANG!! slipper to the head :)"
"thanks congrats to you too. I found out a couple weeks ago and I was getting curious about who the other ELs were."
"Non stop working for the next 4 days.. Being a senior at my school is"
"Happy Mother's Day to all our #MoCo moms! What are you doing to celebrate? Breakfast in bed? Brunch? Tell us!"
"buzzed before noon! Well played!"
"Black is back 2011"
"I love Satie. These series of pieces are truly amazing."
"A lot can be said in 21 minutes to make me smile for the next month. ☺❤"
"But back to this beautiful day"
"Thanks to everyone for ur positive responses after seeing my video, The Moth presents Anthony Griffith"
"Currently looking for an agent for representation. Have a possible supporting role in a MMP coming up in Sept. in addition to other gigs."
"mine isnt like that though, cuz its older, and havent updated it.. She probably just saw me type the passcode or something"
"Fan appreciation night is always a great time to see the fans get surprised with great prizes..bummed im I'm Dayton and can't attend"
"Slutgineers? are they real?"
"you and manage to always have the best luck lol"
"Civil law governs relationships and is concerned with liability, rather than intent. A violation of civil law is called a tort."
"Getting outta class and going home before lunch>>"
"The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself"
"Oh that was disgusting."
"We are asking you! What kind of specials would you like to see for September?"
"pick me plz!"
"You are so freaking right!!! ;)"
"brb getting my giant net. be there in 10. c:"
"The Nuggets turn this into a game so Sterns band of misfit refs have to step in and make sure the Lakers don't blow it"
"I just cant believe that's it"
"Having a good time at damiens first bday party"
"Life is stabbinq me in the Heart.Nobody understands me. My Fam would never let me Down. Im stayinq Stronq no matter what life throws at me."
"Which is why one should strive to be out in front. :)"
"y'all still at panda?"
"Hmm, where have you been searching? Also, a round coffee table at 42\" is HUGE. :) Presents a problem w/ cost of shipping."
"Ya know if enough people think 2+1 = 3 then so it is. : Florida students' test scores drop, so the state lowers the passing grade."
"Why are Americans so fat?"
"I'll keep an eye out for them! Looking forward to seeing your #innovation !"
"It's amazing how much you can do with a Toshiba 47L7200U Smart TV without ever connecting the cable box."
"Getting an Altima is always a cause for a celebration! Congrats."
"thanks Walter!"
"all quiet on the western front"
"I just wanna make my mom proud of me."
"TOMORROW: Meeting the Mifflin Senior Center (330 W. Mifflin) at 7pm, come hear all about MIfflin"
"DOMINICAN REPUBLIC!"
"#rulesoftwitter tweeting so much ur in twitter jail.lol"
"Chicago: We are holding an open call on Friday, April 13 from 9-1! Bring your resume & references to our Clark St store at 2711 N Clark St"
"Yeah I Hate It, Pisses Me Off! *Spud* x"
"I like you!"
"“The sweep was [the Sox’s] first since taking three games from the Seattle Mariners last July 22-24.” I knew it was bad, just not that bad."
"#ff 4 people you should follow if you don't already:"
"Swimming world champ Dale Oen dies in Arizona"
"do you turn to jerry?"
"How exactly do you make sick??? \": The Gross Lab is open this and next weekend, making scabs, poo, sick & burps.\""
"Oh my fuckin god its busy at sbux today"
"School yearbooks from War Relocation Centers! I repeat, so much untapped #genealogy info."
"Hello, my loves, well tomorrow is the day I speak at a rally to congress to bring good jobs back into the community's of the District."
"QR codes – have a plan and don't just slap it up there because it's the trend. Make it go somewhere interesting."
"Great play and the Orioles win again for a ROAD SWEEP of the Red Sox ... Go Orioles Go!!!"
"unfortunately no, I have a lot of shoes!!! Lol"
"Marcus Boon (York) asks: \"what does it mean to be alone with a sound\" (citing Kristeva)"
"- you are very wise."
"I hope one day, you choke on the shit you say."
"heard you guys got that taken care of. Good to go?"
"Bomb Ass sex will have you thinking your in Love...."
"it wuz bomb"
"Comment during meeting #4 today - The epistemology is that we need a denominator - yes, so frequently true"
"I chose Rice, because it was a place that seemed to value things like the arts and student engagement."
"come when you can. Can't wait to see you!"
"not going to make tom :( will try my best for the next one. Have fun in Texas!"
"That was a fun game to watch ! I'm all about the #Linsanity!!!"
"just because the dmg isn't noticeable right now doesn't mean it's invisible- trees matter for the future, now affects that."
"Great story 'bout #Oxy students driving friends to see their families during #lariots, Angelica Salas ,"
"The dread of life is the fave disease of the 20th century."
"that's good country don there!"
"bout to bash in my own fuckin head"
"If I unfollow someone do they still exist?"
"I really want white miss me shorts :("
"Hi Leah"
"#ThatMomentWhen \"Oh hey, you have a boyfriend? I will honestly never talk to you again :D\""
"The Heat and LBJ6 never cease to amaze me. How does the #NBA have a MVP that doesn't take the last shot when the game is on the line?"
"I still have my harry potter 7 2/2 3d glasses.... actually i have 7 (:"
"Central Park is full of wondrous things, like a zoo and stuff. East Village/ near NYU also fun for walking around"
"I love you xoxoxoxo"
"#imagine Niall is sleeping and you attack him with a pillow Niall: AHH! you: morning babe *kisses him*"
"Work Day About To Be Cracking!"
"Let the pages turn"
"So uh whatcha doing later?"
"no not you!!"
"Reports say Greg Ham died alone in the land \"Down Under.\"I hope it was natural causes.His flute and sax solos for \"Men at Work\"were awesome."
"Thanks, pal. *feels better*"
"Alex just said \" who needs a relationship when I have my iPhone \" we call this"
"Stop walking around in the grocery store eating all the fruit an then blaming it on yo kids -_-"
"I think more glorifying than The Avengers movie itself, is knowing which movies put those actors on the map. Great cast. Reap that reward"
"\"I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.\" ~Henry David Thoreau"
"The next 4 people that follow will get a shout out and I will DM them promise"
"hey what color r your beats lol jw. =))))"
"On that Jagged Edge this mornin'"
"Are you kidding me? Brent is crying?"
"Is everyone positive that he wasn't at some LA party with someone? I dunno, it just bothers me."
"So u r ok with the way Rush characterize women in the context of this story?"
"\"You know, being a test pilot isn't always the healthiest business in the world.\" Alan Shepard, US first man in space on this day in 1961."
"\"Splish Splash!!\" :D"
"Chase Bank refuses to credit fraudulent charges caused by Chase data insecurity while \"investigating\" follow"
"Lamborghini mercy, your chick she so thirsty.."
"Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page"
"#Villanueva she is."
"Dinner for schmucks is the stupidist movie ever .. Why they Still make movies like this ? Ridicilous"
"hey DM me!"
"Get Down - NAS"
"Nothing like Indiana melons for breakfast to start the day right."
"how are you feeling? have you gone in and gotten any tests done? Praying for you! Also hate 2 say this but tonight:"
"MT : Happening on the HIll:Senate intern reports that Dan Aykroyd just walked into Sen. Franken's ofc #SNL alums"
"sending again"
"JOIN..THE..MOVEMENT..AS..WE.. PUSH..AN..ENTIRE..GENERATION.. TO..BE.. #INDEPENDENT #TEAMSELFMADE rizselfmade"
"you're right ya'll truly do.. But at the same time no."
"do I dare say Alex Smith how bout jamarcus Russell Jason campbell"
"come on Kev...you know it ain't nothing but a word my G."
"Thank you Any Pettitte. You pitched one hell of a career"
"I'm gonna sell one of my kids so I can pay for a one legged prostitute and a pound of cocaine."
"Dont run your mouth if you dont know what the fuck your talking about."
"Awww....thanks so much! RT Can I just say... I LOVE working with the folks at the Prado."
"I sleep so much better when I pass put on the couch."
"Spotify is pretty cool ... no invitations at the moment, but will let you know if/when that changes."
"That still works -- just let me know where and what time, and I'll be there!"
"I refuse to think of them as an evil. They're good things. They make civilization possible."
"WHEN ARE YOU COMMING TO CHICAGO?<3"
"Put the swing together, Gotta wash the bouncer cover, & then a BUNCH more diapers. Lol. Oh, & we have to put the crib together. #Crap x"
"Is this movie ever going to start, I think for a Movie to start 20 minutes late is just crazy"
"Another Nawfside Sunday @ da Ghetto Park!!!!"
"You mad bro?Yes,yes I'm mad that's obviously why you could tell!"
"where you at bro?"
"No one can go back and make a brand new start, but anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending!"
"Rewatched some West Wing episodes from the first couple seasons. No sober human can write like that."
"Damn its raining prtty hard lol"
"In that case you should look at putting on your team for the outdoors. She needs her break."
"Oh, great. That means three and half years from now Allen West will be co-hosting the Today Show."
"How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign?"
"I cannot live without books. - Thomas Jefferson"
"Here's a #regex to match an #integer or #float: /^[+-]?\d+(\.\d+)?$/ Gotta love the cross platform nature of regular expressions!"
"Standing Tall and Tattered"
"I love when my grandma tells me about our ancestors!"
"u forgot about the \"good luck tonight, i mean, good game\""
"Updating NetFlix.."
"Welcome back, Guy... glad you are here!"
"Keeping everything 100"
"By the way, #SawItOnFSOhio is the worst hashtag ever."
"“That seems like a no-brainer.”—Marie on ’s recent student loan reform. #Obama2012 OFA.BO/v7LTtc"
"me too! I was up at five =["
"THIS >> RT : I feel like Bristol Palin is trying to be and failing miserably."
"i dont no south carolina got a team"
"“: LOL! I'm glad to be that friend!” you're the best! :)"
"How about a defense to go with those jerseys?"
"Not wanting to read a book"
"The Freedom Riders knew their risks on buses yet continued without haste--can't say I could to the same in their place."
"just as long as the shoulder pads of the 80's don't come back with them !"
"would you care to share the color of your walls in your beautiful kitchen?"
"Sheree Whitfield leaving ‘Real Housewives of Atlanta’ Sheree Whitfield is moving out of the house. The “Real Housewives of Atlant"
"!!!!! RT : As an #Aries your mean streak comes out when you’re not able to find a release for all that explosive energy."
"A hoe is like the first slice of bread in a loaf. Everybody touches it but nobody wants it.."
"thanks! Again I had a great time."
"Not accusing you of anything.....lol"
"Thank you for the RT >:D"
"Thank you Paul for rocking the mullet so handsomely."
"I always hated when my scars started to fade, because as long as I could still see them, I knew why I was hurtinq."
"bad things come to those who beg"
"yesterday bitch"
"when girls think they're the shit and think that the world revolves around them."
"RT It's what you do every day that makes you who you'll be someday"
"Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 21st, 10:30am \"Books by Denise Fleming\" -'The Cow who Clucked', 'Lunch' & 'Beetle Bop'."
"of course. We need to chill again soon!"
"doc b, u should consider writing localized articles in pubs such as u should pitch. it would be a good match"
"income is income no matter where it comes from and you pay taxes on a portion of it, no matter what it is"
"you make me LMAO! Thanks :)"
"Dear can you please have on your show!?!?!? They're are awesome! Funny! & Extremely gorgeous! You'd love em! <3"
"Cant sleep"
"when is your phone cominq back on Sweetcakes??"
"I'm watching the smurfs ツ"
"Thanks for follow me back. Your music is fantastic. <3<3<3"
"thanks doll!! :)"
"William Shatner just saved me 46% on a car rental."
"is working on finalists for the postcard contest! Cross your fingers, kids, and when you uncross them get your stamps ready."
"I saw your ratchet ass earlier... And now I gotta see you again in 5th! -_-"
"ONE BILLION. That's almost twice the lottery..."
"it's really good!(: all you have to do for mine is have a pic of you, Austin, or Alex, and say why you support /love them. (:"
"RIP Whitney Houston..so sad:(:("
"“: Oh, you drink smart water? You must shine with intelligence.” that's us."
"now where was i?."
"is looking for a #Genesys #Call #Center #Delivery #Manager and a #Genesys #Systems #Analyst for an exciting company in Foster City"
"what I'm planing what I'm wearing already my mom said she gonna have me design her jacket an everything lol"
"\"H3y wht r u dooin?\"... About to throw a dictionary at your face?!?"
"I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passing by."
"It's on Eastern & St. Rose! 10100 S. Eastern. Hope to see you there!"
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather in a lack of will"
"eats blue waffles on the daily with a side crusty lips. Secretions"
"Has anyone out there ever tried Joli OS? What did you think?"
"\": I love how girls always wish they were boys. But I never once had a thought of being a girl.\""
"Watching the game- only 2 weeks until reg season begins"
"Grab your growlers...We now have all 7 Brew Dr. Kombucha flavors on tap at our Hollywood location including our brand new Jasmine Lavender!"
"I can beta, if it is the very nearish future (next three weeks)."
"! #Avid cookout May 19th be their or be Sqaure !"
"just started a dark funky track ! feeling this ! # deep #dark #tech # House"
"If u not going my speed ,stay out my line cuz i will monster truck yo ass. Thats life"
"I'm thinking I should start to blog (maybe). Better to do it through Wordpress or tumblr? I already have both..."
"too cute...the store in cross county...is just the CUTEST store ever"
"OMG!!! I got my own happy cow! :D"
"I text you. You don't text back. I feel stupid. Therefore, I won't be texting you again."
"Before your expiration date, you must secure a Green Card through marriage, the military or a family member, employment or business."
"Making an album in 5 months was probably the craziest idea ever. I guess sometimes crazy is good!"
"I meant old orchard sorry"
"Sure! What's up?"
"But margarita for me."
"Eating lunch with friends at #MTSUCampus <3"
"Someone give me a good song :\"p"
"threshold = actual-threshold + 1"
"is a MANIAC!"
"At the movies <3 and we only snuck in one thing lol"
"I wanna dance in the rain."
"and yeah he is alot need to shut his old cracked put ass up"
"going HAM on a work night"
"Love it! Ira Glass is one of our favorite Radio Producers."
"they showed it online... And it was pathetically obvious."
"Just got my laptop in the mail ! Fuck yeah !"
"In chicago bout work in the studio wit some of chicago's finest..I smell a new project brewing!!! Sub 0 Records let's go!!!"
"I'll follow anybody who hates jag offs. Loved seeing you guys back in the day in Pitt. Including in a Pitt lecture hall."
"Selecting The Right Gas Water Heater"
"Oh aight.. Yeah he not saying nothing. He a jamaican-southern rapper.. lol But he rep the Dungeon Family so I'm a lil' bias."
"thanks to you both. Great job!"
"Last time I saw him.. he kinda acted like a brat haha.... and he kept ignoring me... telling me he was busy."
"Next up from - \"Locomoto\" where kids design and build #rubegoldberg machines to do simple tasks. Wild and wonderful."
"We'll be in tomorrow (Sun) morning. Today is shot."
"The song and, in fact, the whole disc is just gold. Can't believe it wasn't a massive hit."
"will do dear"
"I've got the sad face. Lol"
"Just got home from the grizz game and just hanging out. Go grizz a nice win."
"Hehehe, me either. I have no clue ..."
"Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place."
"#hash #tagging #every #word,"
"Going to really miss listening to you two work together this season...you two were the best together"
"damn im no good, but damn its so good."
"they're out of blintzes...\"too bad, too bad\"..."
"Personally hated it. Guessing it's the taboo nature-- but I am perplexed as well as to why it's appealing to women."
"Ah. I'm bored and no one I want to talk to is up. :( Someone hit me up :)"
"TV will be better when teen wolf comes out <3"
"A fly Somaphony shirt!"
"My math teacher is going loco....like always"
"the great thing about yoga classes is that there are usually never any guys in them. It's not as cool as when there are guys usually.."
"Officer Sprinkle is getting pumped up for the CAPS"
"Seeking a rental location for FN2S summer B-Ball league. If you or anyone you know has a location, send an email to"
"HaleYeah to my Reese!!! RT : I respect the bob barker but no mother fucker touch my dogs balls"
"Push it real good"
"Make 2012 the year your investment returns build your wealth rather than having 2-4% of your returns skimmed to build the wealth of Wall St."
"I don't know at this time, I have limited access to our site at the moment. My laptop cord is toast."
"hey. i hope ur tour is going great and i wish the best. good luck in ur 2013 tour.cant wait to see u and the rest of the guys"
"Ball so hard!"
"Working HARD today on #OMPF , our first time coming to Atlanta! Can't wait to see what comes up!"
"Found 2 of the state title games (1995&96) on the fhsaa archives. Watched 1 quarter so far. Not bad. Similar stuff still used&still works."
"At fly fishing school. Casting practice (and swearing) starts in a half hour."
"They squeaked it out!! #LakeShow. On 2 the series I wanted all along. KD/KB. Durantula vs Bean. Who eats & who gets eaten?"
"Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-46"
"well night till 2morrow my fello followers"
"'s race tweet gets tweeted by twitter. \": give the man some Twitter love...a definite first!! “: Fire!\""
"Long day. Gnite folks."
"i love you song smile!!"
"About to hit up Runyon for a hike."
"I liked the profile pic; )"
"“: Dear cold: I'm done with you. Please leave now. I'm taking my life back. -xoxo t” Ditto!"
"Good morning. You’re not supposed to have caffeine for 24 hours after donating blood. I have 4 hours to go. I caved. COFFEE!!!"
"Thanks for the reply - let me know if you ever need a big bowl of hot soup - i promise it will b On the Table Fresh + Hot!!"
"RT : Looking forward to launch of Dell's Social Media Listening Command Center today at HQ. Thx to our SM team and"
"I love putting pink and red together. Also pink and orange, depending on the particular shades."
"I Can't Wait To Find Out!!(:"
"So sleepy it's not normal and I can't even Sleep >.<"
"#Tastytweets Enjoy the rest of your stay!"
"You're too good for any reality TV \"star.\" Just sayin'."
"You've inspired us to look in to building our own Facebook app...good RSS options/examples = 0."
"#FF Journalism and Radio And Tnx to my Followers!"
"My mom WOULD hide my McDonalds gift card that was sent out😡 I've been waiting for a fucking week for that shit !!!"
"We do not, sorry!"
"Tired of waiting for a spotter www.mygymmateusa.com"
"uh yeah... haha"
"I've done editing for TSWL with trackchanges for years, but just graded my first paper this way. So much better! What took me so long?"
"\"That should be enough time to sober up before work\" is now my new catch phrase"
"No refunds of eventual subscription fees will be given under any circumstances"
"I have never sent a text. My parents have probably sent dozens each. #WhyDoesSomethingSeemOddAboutThis?"
"phill's ice house. Excellent buns."
"Normally you dont respond when i do!!!"
"You deserve it Tiger keep on working and now its time for the BIG PAYBACK"
"REUNION THIS WEEKEND!!!!!"
"SO MANY CHOICES NOW! /me looks lovingly at my iPad..."
"Detroit......it's a crazy hell whole place.....but it's my hometown so yea"
"Also, is not SuperPAC. Not sure if you're ignorant or just lying at this point."
"I ain't been to church in a minute, but td.jakes is talking to me in this sermon im glad I came to see him."
"How can I get my new book into your hands to read?"
"Ol skinny ass"
"Did the NCAA look into this already?"
"Mark your calendars! Winefest 2012 has been set for March 31 from 3-6 p.m. It's Europe vs. Americas (North/South). Who's excited?"
"Nervous about this Saturday but i know is going to be incredible"
"Pernod Ricard USA is set to extend its Hiram Walker line with the launch of Watermelon Sour"
": Never call a guy fat, ugly, or worthless. They will never forget that."
"\"how can I make my hometown as amazing as some of the placed I've travelled to?\" great quote in another cool video."
"Haha, this is exciting and brutal. Can't we just get a real hitter up?"
"Bear in mind Coffey (+30lb) went pen to mound (300ish ft) in about same time. Basepaths = 360ft"
"next time you find out about some bingo let me know!"
"it only takes one? I want to live there!"
"Finally get to see The Lucky One tonight. 💜💚"
"Everybody wanna be a stripper but nobody wanna be a stripper SMH"
"7 client meetings, 3 hotel nights, 1 good meal, 13.5 miles on treadmill, and Larrys coffee beans...time to get home and coach little league!"
"Fist bump!"
"read the book. Enjoyed it. My girlfriend (who does not like golf) read and enjoyed it as well."
"Six packs of coke? You must really love soda."
"I hope the debate will always be necessary. RT : That trade will be debated till the end of time."
"yes I'm totally sure my dear !!! Until June ;)"
"Does the \"Monchhichi\" song ever get stuck in your brain? And do you have a better method for stopping it than repeated blows to the head?"
"Heard great things about the BioMed program!"
"Wen people fall asleep on u>>>>>>>"
"Today's my off day. :)"
"Anyone else notice Bart' Simpson's Hair is his skin."
"Teaching Shelter Operations and Simulation to a great group of volunteers today! Donate a Saturday to your favorite !"
"Jess here. I've been promoted & today is my last day in the library, henceforth all Tweets will be by our new Head Librarian, Sarah!"
"Welcome! Get UR fresh batteries & grooming done B4 U come to #smbmad #ford -"
"this doesn't look like SAT, get back to work"
"I want to be with you, I want you to be mine; If you want me then please start giving me signs. . .<3"
"Finished off a decent homemade hard cider last night. 1 gal. unfiltered apple juice, bunch of sugar, and 1 nottingham ale yeast, 2.5 weeks"
"ok sweet:)"
"what you doing?(;"
"#Pacers or #Heat?"
"I commend the lady who is doing it! The logos so far have been fabulous."
"So many swamp donkeys at this school it's"
"I'm just a total curmudgeon about \"20-somethings finding themselves in NYC\" type stories."
"We love your profile pic! Stop by our booth and grab one of our Mobile Tag buttons. (We're in the technology section booth #911)"
"Day 1 of EOLv2 press preview underway."
"OK. Thank you!"
"\"never underestimate a good man-on-the-street\" perspective -"
"only a ten sec difference! There is a previous tweet i made and if you can find and if you RT it you can win a kit too!"
"Susie and I are Wii bowling."
"Excited to enjoy the culinary talents of private chef at our Kickoff Event. Join us on Monday and eat like a Pacer!"
"we didnt start the video yet..."
"rainy days are a black woman's worst enemy. glad I have braids tho!"
"when you get in trouble in the hallways at school for saying shit. ahaha."
"Grab your gasmasks"
"I don't know how often Uncle Augie reads his email, but would you tell him I just sent him one about Dad's house? Thanks"
"Sarah looks like she wants to cry and is only setting up! Hahaha"
"Go Giants!"
"Since you're in the hood (we're at WeWorks MPD), let me know if you have time for a coffee afterward. Would love to catch up."
"To view American Legacy's Mobile Truck Experience visit www.youtube.com/americanlegacymag.com today!"
"Justin Follow Austin Mahone !"
"I feel the exact same WaY"
"The Dell #WIMSS in Singapore is a meeting of 120+ Dell imaging employees from around the world, meeting to set strategy for the coming years"
"yes, #optimizations are fun as well, until you break your #code!"
"Colorful Murals & Portraits Check out Lauran Childs and all her exciting artwork! story at www.southfloridaalerts.com"
"- most welcome"
"You once guarded America's freedom, but now you are guarding the gates of Heaven. #Hooah!"
"Lowcountry=where they make Frogmore stew. Midlands=mustard BBQ. Upstate=white lightning."
"Looks like my plans to have a life this Summer are ruined. I just have to go to Texas for a month and a half, asdfghjkl;. I might die. ;-;"
"Yeah Jose (:"
"19th Annual Pool Toss!"
"seriously! please come out here and make it easier for us fans. I really want to see you in LA"
"Ha!! Get outta my f'ing space, turtle!"
"Dani worked on Lady Gaga's Born This Way video-she's looking 4,“Those who believe there's enough to go around 4 everyone”"
"I'm following him"
"Watching glee off DVR... but I have to say, this is the best episode in a while."
"I wish that I can have this moment for life. And, in this moment I just feel so alive."
"Oh shit. I haven't texted Marc yet today. It's our 5 month."
"poop! well i'm at jimmy johns tonight if you wanna come by! :)"
"still wide awake... its 1:04 in the am and im wide awake ... smh for drinking coffee at midnight ... lol"
"still in spain big themepark tomorrow , wont be back on here till monday album on my phone for the travel back with tashaa!"
"$5 dollar Indy Boot Camps Saturday Class 9am in Castelton/Fishers/Geist with half the proceeds going to a local Charity!!"
"If I'm the Boston Rob of interns, does that mean I have to be an intern for two more seasons before I get the hang of it?"
"hi, where do I know you from?"
"2 weeks ago. I bought them last time I went in city knowing today would be hard. They expired yesterday."
"“ “ actually it's the Miami marlins in marlins park #JustSayin””"
"Finals are over, and Fringe awaits. Time to catch up on some much needed TV!"
"What I'm looking forward to in Ducks/Missouri State mismatch: Seeing lots of Bryan Bennett after Ducks roll out to inevitable huge lead."
"Am I getting used to the cold? 27 f and I don't need hat and gloves here in Park City, Utah"
"Thank you. Consider The Orphan Master's Son, A. Johnson; Touch, Alexi Zentner; Civilized World, Susi Wyss."
"A little creeped out that Tweeted Times just tweeted as me. :-/"
"Hahahaha that's my word!"
"OF COURSE! I wish you were here to do it now! (at Brindles)"
"I don't like it when people I am fond of move away."
"RT : Spring is almost here, Ruby-throated Hummingbirds will be x-ing the Gulf by the end of the month. Can't wait!"
"praying cuz i feel im close to the edge....lol..lol."
"My man has been there since 95. I swear a dude got shot across the street at like 2am. The cops didn't come for almost an hour. SMH"
"me and my little brother were fighting and he said doesn't love me. Oh sh!t just went down."
"I partied!!!"
"good . cos I don't even have an iPod ! 😂"
"Grins on grins on grins."
"I'm glad you enjoy. Thanks for the support!"
"10% \"Monthly Gross\" Income maximum."
"Love can't survive off of love alone"
"I may be Looped on Thursday and Friday. Perhaps we can coordinate."
"RT : It's not how big your vocabulary is, it's how you use it."
"going to take a leap in the brackets tomorrow?"
"Good news today! Ninth Letter will serialize my novella \"In a Distant Country\" this spring, in six parts, on their website. Woo-hoo!!!"
"\": has a great weekly newsletter\" Thanks for reading Nate!"
"Thanks to everyone at Emerson who came out tonight to listen to our pontificating!"
"So Excited to see Avengers Friday! (: <3"
"I feel so sleepy 😒"
"Solicitor from NU's theatre program interpreted me while I was helping her to tell me how much she liked her own posters. In trash methinks"
"shopping for our dutch door. any recommendations on where to look??"
"i'm following u:)"
"i need to buy all of the magazines that justin did those sexy photoshoots for ok"
"Houston, we have a drug problem."
"“What will survive of us is love,” ~Philip Larkin via Michael Jinkins"
"so productive today! I've earned a hangover tomorrow"
"Floyd got Justin b and triple h walking in the ring with him. Moneyteam all day"
"We have a new twitter handle! Please keep tweeting along with us"
"will drinking be involved?"
"After 4-OT Kansas State gets the win against A&M."
"Geesh! That's expensive! I remember seeing them in Grand Rapids for about $10. I'm old & Miami isn't cheap."
"not lyrical"
"The only follows I get on twitter are robots deployed by porn sites posing as sexy girls from places like Walker South Dakota."
"My aunt is locked in macy's due to a shooting outside and I am guessing this is pretty much her dream come true"
"Time for me to make a mistake, take a chance, dream big, and keep moving forward."
"Just spotted a Tab soda in the dual use office kitchen/time machine."
"RT : Check out what's new at these #SouthFlorida #hotels , , ‏, :..."
"Dont worry, do it! You know the Phillies fans would do it in Philly. And much worse."
"yeah ikr?:D I'm in Florida and I hate it!"
"I totally agree I'm ready to #passout!"
"Thanks Albert :)"
"I am going to remember this about you..."
"hmm, yea.. But id def go with brady before manning"
":) um allrighty then"
"#mydumbinjury Got into a Bike accident because a squirrel Got in front of me & I didn't wanna run it over,smashing my face and broke my jaw"
"Probably just recorded the greatest song ever, cant wait to drop it"
"I don't think I'm Doing a piggy this year. I'm doing a goat for sure and chickens."
"did Nate forget Wallace in the rotation?"
"Shakes the Clown In My Pants"
"Did every one have a blast last night at Arty and/or Axwell?!"
"Who's interested in another Craft Swap for the month of May?"
"I totally knew that. That's why i said it! (; ahah"
"CONGRATS! RT : Just finished in the top 5 of Louisville Venture Shark prelim round! On to the finals May 2!"
"people nowadays r more worried about gettin the next text from thier crush instead of the more important things lik"
"Haha but there is no debate... RBIs is like saying \"run batted ins\" which makes no sense!"
"Feeling salty I didn't even get walked to my bus"
"I'm Chomping at the Bit to start My new diet & workout Training Regimen! Nothing but Oldschool hardcore & Heavy lifting!"
"Sit quietly, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself. -A Zen Saying"
"I heard they're offering fewer free guest passes this year."
"been there for a while now. Like a day shy of a whole week. :)"
"LOL- No. You have to give it a try. Be patient."
"I'm going to look so sexy on Saturday in Portland... Conceded. Not giving a fuck."
"God Afternoon Boob!"
"YOU ARE YOUR OWN An Artistic Gallery Experience tomorrow! Sat 5-9pm. Dont miss it!!!"
"Mondays make us want Meat."
"#DC media/photogs interested in covering Pearls of Purpose gala, email me for media credentials"
"working on branding for a new clothing line, one of our favorite things to do and do well."
"seed of chucky:) it's funny but I'm still gonna have nightmares."
"In the heat of a Sunday duel with as my guy #gaptooth Oosthuizen has a 1 shot lead on Dave's guy #fatso Pettersson."
"It's a good saturday so far. Fishing, good food, and looked at some property of course. There's always a deal."
"A successful ! Go !"
"The vintage-retro feel with a hip-hop flair makes 4949 lounge fast-growing lounge of the Las Vegas valley."
"LMAO! Need you to shoot a viral in the studio on Tuesday brodie"
"Has anyone seen Doomsday Preppers? This show is giving me anxiety!"
"Just saw BEAST WISHES - The Fantastic World Of Bob And Kathy Burns. It IS fantastic! Congrats Amazing!"
"have a great weekend!"
"\"Thanks for telling everyone about my kidney stones, Jim\" - Jim Palmer's wife."
"Im not afraid to take a stand Everybody come take my hand Well walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm...."
"followed him"
"I get motion sick on that darn ride....booze or no booze. Haha"
"The thing I don't understand about Phil Mushnick's \"full Jay-Z treatment\" column is that the logo Jay-Z designed is pretty classy."
"giving up on being a grown up"
"lol srry I ment to send it to another name"
"have had the pleasure of meeting Chris Colfer..one of my favorite people. He'll continue to do great things, for sure."
"Good morning!"
"Tournies all day today then some starcraft tonight. Gomtv.net is awesome IMO"
"agreed; I'll come with you"
"Now I should go on #oomf because I told him there would be repercussions but it is pretty late #mybad homie lol"
"I'm not doing it this year, but know quite a few classmates participating."
"But he'll meow really loud, and although I don't speak cat, I know inside that he's telling me to F**$ off"
"I gotta get back over that way!"
"ah of course. thanks for the kind words."
"Welcome to joining us to speak at Corps member graduation. This is"
"Nothing seems easy this season so far. Reminds me of 11th grade chemistry."
"thank you again! Hopefully it is a case of poor judgement and not outright corruption. Happy New Year!"
"I don't watch a lot of #hockey but this Flyers vs Penguins playoff game is crazy! So much violence."
"It' s what you learn after you know it all that counts."
"What a beautiful day!!!!"
"Heading back to the \"bubble\""
"A collective of young people with different talents..."
"haha thanks hun! If you wanna talk more just DM me! I always get them sent to my phone!"
"Good PR advice!"
"That's funny"
"actually you have issues!"
"was supposed to be working out ;)"
"Juggling real work while maintaining dominance on the #MarcusThomas75 tag -- seriously tho, this shindig is shaping up. Kudos MT party crew."
"FILL IN THE BLANK: The best holiday song EVER is ___________."
"This sounds like the most awesome Wisco event ever: Wisconsin Grilled Cheese Championship, tomorrow in Mineral Point. Say hi to"
"3. you ignoRE me always like srsly I promised you warheads."
"Happy Saturday Twitter friends. What are you thankful for today? Phil's friends is thankful to all of you for your support! God Bless!"
"Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Oklahoma City!"
"I swear these ignorant \"all knowing\" customers gonna get me fired out here they keep on the way they are. Can't stand yu fuckersz jst kno it"
"#mtiprivacy Lillie Coney, EPIC - privacy policies were made in the USA; we exported it and now its coming back."
"Thank you for the follow. We write about Web Hosting for the WHIR -- Web Host Industry Review."
"I'm trying but Im just too excited"
"enjoying your session and would like to get more info on HipCricket!"
"And then to make it worse, they started piping Train music in here."
"I Followed :)"
"who are you taking psych with?"
"That's fantastic! RT Our FOT tree is 12 years old now and gives shade to our block."
"Sorry I can't be at #pii2012, despite being in town. Should be a great conference."
"M ”60 Minutes” & Indian food. That's how you do a Sunday night."
"Kidding about 50% off or arranging someone to escort you? 50% off, no I'm not."
"Enjoyed your Magic of Doing One Thing at a Time article!"
"it is, I am finally putting my time into something. What do you think?"
"I wrote response to your awesome review of the movie God Bless America"
"i'm here wit lexi being bored and a noobie at twitter??????"
"too bad this is not accurate"
"What's your training been like this past week? Are you happy with your progress?"
"Double espresso! It's been quite a busy work week- Love it!!!!"
"Your liver called! ...it's wants a Delicious Detox :D"
"Mixing at the studio tonight... trying to get the EP done asap for you all.... It's sounding great!!!!"
"8AM on a Saturday--hello beautiful DC"
"Quick dinner break (if I can pull myself away from #saa09 tweets), then SSA mixer at Moonshine, UNC SILS mixer, and funky fresh ACA bash."
"Neither did I, and I'm an unabashed geek. It just happens to be on HBO On-Demand this month."
"Ready to uninstall #McAfee. 30 min w/ tech support 2 wks ago assured me problem was solved. NOT! Still changing my Chrome settings randomly"
"We think it's the best place in Oakland to tie the knot : ) Happy Valentine's Day!"
"every single tourney, you just crush. glgllglgl, get that ish"
"The weeknd though.."
"thanks girl! I'm just happy to be finally feeling better."
"yes hun i'm back and i'm not MIA lol and thats directed at you too"
"The sourdough french toast turned out just okay. Needed more lemon flavor - maybe some zest. Added fresh nutmeg which was tasty!"
"she wants yours too, apparently she cant fill out a restraining order form without it."
"I got to talk to you!"
"it worked! :)"
"Projectionist wishes everyone and happy, healthy and successful new year. It's going to be a great one!"
"When you hug me, I don't wanna break free from you. It's crazy how you can make me fall in love with you with that hug."
"Not at all!"
"was murdered my her parents. End of discussion. If police are too stupid to see that, then I question all our safety."
"why is that u have s str8 roommate"
"Today & tomorrow to go....so close, yet SO far away"
"Happy St. Patrick's Day!"
"Father Lord, Let today be a day of jubilee, healing & miracles-bring peace, mercy, grace, favor & joy to every heart that seeks yours. Amen"
"Zenith watch boutique woos patrons in Qatar"
"oh, that wasn't a reference to please look after mom. i'm still reading that one. i was writing something."
"#ITALYLOVESDEMI stay strong, i believe in you <3"
"oops sorry! I got caught up in the moment!"
"\"Draw Something\": does it have staying power? Definitely the hot game of the week. My FB friends playing it seems to double daily.."
"Yes, after I film one..."
"should be fun! RT : CRE people - check out the stream from #CRE tech savvy"
"\"Apology made to whoever pleases/still they got me like Jesus.\""
"Subway dont sound bad right about now"
"yeah, that was certainly the craziest part of it"
"\"Girls Talkin Bout\" IS #6 NO NO NO THT CAN'T BE THTS JACKED UP OH HELL NAWWW THTSJUST...MAN!"
"Approximately 25% of those living with HIV are women. HIV does discriminate."
"Let's get some shoes ... Let's party"
"so happy for you and brad!!! Love you both so much!"
"the flavor rush is prolly only second to the first 5 seconds of fruit stripe gum or big league chew grape"
"have you had the Northern Grill cheese curds? I think they are the best curds I've ever had!"
"Librarians can watch idea and trend developments and contribute valuable sources while making contacts with their \"customers.\" Win-win!"
"dance off"
"When A Bitch Try To Make me Look Stupid They End Up Makin Themselves Look Like Ah HOE"
"yes, because that's *exactly* what I meant."
"On the 1st Day of Christmas my true love sent to me an Anti-Aging Membership!"
"Non descript brown moths. Every 7-12 years ABQ becomes overwhelmed with them. At least they make the roadrunners fat and happy."
"Based on the seemingly random things my autocorrect suggests I sometimes wonder if it is trying to communicate with me."
"glad to see you participating in #tweetaboutit campaign. Here's to an active month of #SAAM activities!"
"Thanks again! You were wonderful!"
"Follow follow follow follow follow the yellow brick road... To my twitter page"
"LOL it's the built up chemical fumes from the plastic and paints, that first real big breath in when opening is a doozy"
"At the Cause Marketing session in room 118 to start the day. What sessions are you looking forward to today?"
"Very exciting! We are getting merchandise as well ;)"
"I can't believe we're graduating in a month."
"Snow daayy, that's what's up! Haha -izzy"
"haha I'm good G! Just working wsup with you tho...you still playing ball?"
"Is it wrong to make a Google Doc so people can sign up for time slots to see me over spring break?"
"This day just keeps getting better right?............"
"fan of what???"
"Cruel Intentions was a weird but good movie."
"both GT's in one pic lolol"
"better teachers dont go to schl to teach but to learn and in bcoming the best teacher they figure out how to make their students brighter"
"Must be working hard??"
"Good morning! Got some running around with the girls 2 do Early mothers day gift, Amierae just telling me she loves herself :) Enjoy ur day!"
"Another night of cleaning, this time I don't want to do anything"
"Ray Wylie Hubbard doing Eliza Gilkyson's \"Beauty Way.\" \"Wish I was lying like a cat in the sun/'Stead of working like a dog for the cash\""
"Today was dress rehearsal.. It was so hot!!"
"We need to talk .. now please .. ):"
"Prometheus looks dope"
"understatement of the year! lol."
"The next stop on our tour is the Ohio Coaches Clinic in Columbus, OH. Please stop by booth #25 and we'll give you a free demo of the site!"
"Bud light on my right hand 420 in my left!!!....chillin"
"for the triathlons?"
"I saw that! Crazy 4th quarter. #lakers seemed out of it until then. Why a great game!"
"Congratulations on the appointment of the #CFO of , Warren Jenson to your Board, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8"
"So I'm...Pururun? (Thanks, Wikipedia!)"
"Victoria Was Amazing On Ellen.Seriously i was crying!Cant wait for the concert and album #Proud #MakeItAmerica :{)"
"Ha! Checkout the web site for the reasoning behind the name. Charles Wilson is the real DC politics beekeeper."
"GOT TICKETS? 2 days away from some good ole music; The MANHATTANS live ! May 5th. GET TICKETS 412-431-0773. Groups welcomed!"
"yo! like you didn't already know, but is a beast!"
"Let’s go see if we can make this little kitty purr."
"Love it- Get rid of the HEAD TRASH!"
"thank you keep smiling"
"ME TO !!! OMG DATS SO COL CANT WAIT TO MEET U AND HER :) Excited"
"\"You can't light a fire under anyone else without feeling some of the heat yourself.\""
"Make sure to take advantage of 20% off gift cards in any amount. Now through March 31st 2011!! It will be spring before you know it!!"
"I J-Mike doing a rooster....as in \"you can't stop the rooster\""
"it is totally underrated"
"my tanktop looks so cute today.."
"Live Life Reckless Killing Shit"
"“As a poet, there is only one political duty, and that is to defend one's language from corruption.” ― W.H. Auden"
"Take yo medication Roman, take a short vacation Roman you'll be okaaaAAAAaaaayyy."
"What a night."
"Great! Thanks!"
"Check the stacks my team winning"
"A hundred million castaways looking for a home"
"Anyone drinking on this fine Tuesday evening? If so, whatcha having?"
"pictures please!"
"bacon is bad for me and you are officially a bad person now"
"hope Spurs win on the road at Utah, and Thunder ends Mavs' season."
"I fuck her good & she always ride it 4 me"
"Bet you didn't know: Liposuction gives you better control over where you gain weight in the future."
"\"I know we're doing CSS right now, but don't SASS me.\" I get bonus nerd points for making a CSS joke."
"Just for the record, how many shows do you watch?"
"go see it! it was super-fun, well-done, and lots of fun horror movie references (I don't want to give stuff away)."
"Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County. Clean up Time"
"Thank you !"
"Nah buddy I'm in FL, let me know when you're around."
"#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Blood in Blood out"
"On a telephone town hall call with one of my heroes, Rep. Alan Grayson."
"The parfait is a side. Idk why you were told it isn't. I'll follow up w/ owner. I'm sorry. Plz DM me so I can get more info."
"i just dont get why teens are trying to grow up so quckly....."
"updating calendar"
"nothin much, wats good with u"
"How bad is the late start going to screw the #Reds travel plans to Hotlanta?"
"This could be exciting...."
"i freaking miss you alot"
"10: I whip my hair back & forth. 16: I pass my blunt back & forth. 30: I drive my kids back & forth. 80: I rock my chair back & forth."
"I'm waiting for one specific tweet.... Come on, do it already!"
"Thanks it's fully recovered this is just first REAL test. Good luck @ LSU but remember, everyone wants to be a Nole!"
"It's a cautionary tale about what happens when you treat the NBA like it's an AAU tournament."
"Studying Up With Cecil's Subjects This week's Jazz Scene calendar leads off with the ongoing tribute to piano legend Cecil Taylor in Harl"
"it's okay. He'll do the right thing."
"Uw milwaukee school of continuing ed learns more about social media"
"not entirely off-topic: someone needs to release Ophul's \"Letter From an Unknown Woman\"."
"isnt she home schooled??"
"standing on kenny's side of the stage tomorrow~~~~"
":-) glad to know you have my back."
"Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful, loving mothers out there!!! Especially mine. The best support system I ever will have. I'm her"
"haha! I'm giddy over this hilarity"
"\"At school you have to do a lot of reading and writing, and I'm just not really into that kind of stuff\" Justin Bieber, what a clown lol"
"Wow. This birds cage is truly rattled. I'm done. It's time to get back in the kitchen , clean and bake cookies"
"Who's got a great downtown (Austin, TX) 3-bed/2-bath property for lease? Anyone?"
"i try to get along with my brother but it's just simply impossible"
"they're shoes. like indian looking type of shoes. lol, but they're cute. :)"
"no, it's a tattoo in white ink"
"hahaha okay well I'd it makes you feel better I will NOT get a pit bull or pug"
"Integrity simply means a willingness not to violate one's identity. - Erich Fromm"
"Damn it, damn it, damn it."
"I have been good, how are you doing? Did you ever get any of my emails?"
"Ash by for my #fridayreads. Yours?"
"thank you for the mention!"
"I love"
"whats sad is i didnt even have to look that up to make sure i didnt miss anyone lol"
"Nice score! Thanks for visiting us - we're huge Double Fine fans!"
"Uh oh... Me. RT : People, people, people: Your websites are still playing music automatically. Must I start naming names?"
"It's lunch time at the ! Come out for our new sweet & light salads &, for the guys, our $9 sirloin sliders!"
"People have trouble with resolutions because they can't wrap their head around doing something for 365 days. I say- take 1 day at a time!"
"Showers will come to an end this morning with partly cloudy skies this afternoon."
"New Year, new terrain. I am going to really need my yoga sessions to maintain inner peace!!"
"Allegro Dance Company will be performing at the Ohio County Library in Wheeling WV on March 15 @ 7pm...join us!"
"wokr work work work work!"
"we are working on it. no eta as of yet"
"Back to feeling like I live on the face of the sun!! UGH isn't it fall yet?!"
"Our thoughts & prayers are with the family & friends of Officer Brent Long of the Terre Haute P.D., killed in the line of duty today."
"What are the odds that Delone Carter doesn't take another hand-off this year?"
"Q said it was a disgrace tonight."
"Nothing turns around a crappy day like an assortment of delicious goods and even better company."
"Checking all the boxes, well done. Milgauss is next for me, until then happy with my UN Marine, 'Ling SO, Carerra, and Monaco."
"Has anyone seen Ryan Perry"
"Happy Birthday !!!! I hope you have a fantastic day :]"
"I stop give dam along time go"
"It's still yesterday here!!! So! Sanghiljukahamnida!!!!"
"#whoeverimarry will make me one of the happiest people, because they wouldn't just be my husband, but they'd be my bestfriend for life(:"
"#2012c19 Eric Gardner demonstrates circulation overlaps between Af Am 19thC books and magazine ads."
"I swear I attract MILF'S these older ladies gonna have a heart attack fucking with me LBVS"
"quit drinking then you won't lol"
"Haha.....that is so funny! Watch some of the other Chicka Boom videos...trippy stuff. Especially the comments!"
"Happy Holidays! *<||;-) we will be giving out free waffles, coffee, and hot choc. 10-12pm Saturday, and 11-1pm on Chrismas!"
"Fact: No two set of teeth are the same, even in identical twins."
"God is love<3"
"2day is #NationalRecordStoreDay !! Headed to Mr. Mikes soon w/ the fam to spin & chill all in the name of #real music & real DeeJaying!"
"Is anyone on this site anymore? O:"
"If you think I'm quiet… it's only because we are not talking about horses!"
"You're ready team! Shine! RT : Exciting time for this week to showcase how we serve our #students and"
"Cant. Get. Up. -_- chorus, and hittin the gym today! Gotta prepare for my audition coming up tomorrow and prom tomorrow! Ugh Wake Up!"
"Man If Only McDonald's Could Deliver....-"
"u figured this tech stuff out. U smart, kind , and important"
"Miley ignores paparazzi, she gets hate.Miley tells paparazzi off, she gets hate."
"DEAR SARAH, I AM A REPUBLICAN BLACK FEMALE WITH SOME DEMOCRATIC VALUES. A LOT OF FOLKS FAIL TO UNDERSTAND."
"Foot in mouth and head up asshole whatcha talking bout"
"Well the cubs won but Wrigley was really cool. Time for Rammstein!"
"t'was awesome. RT : Talking innovation with and others."
"Gav my laptop to my girls sis to fix hopefully dar ain't no pic on it ;P [FuckIt]"
"Apparently is summer now."
"Just finished the game suck and blow"
"Who got call of duty how's the game play??? Reactions???"
"Just went on an unfollowing spree. Whoops :)"
"Excited about the free showing of \"Tapped\" this afternoon starts :30"
"RT : GOD is GOOD"
"It's the first day of the tournament and I already hate this \"hopper\" thing"
"Spiderman: Who's 100% in? THIS GIRL"
"Has anyone ever visited DOK in Delft, Hol­land? What was it like?"
"Awesome best actor The Artist"
"Lol my mom likes to make my dog mad"
"I didn't do anything my school just taking stuff way to far.."
"He is feeling much better and drinking water out of the faucet as usual. Thanks for asking."
"For the first time in weeks, excited to go home and finish my projects. I haven't worked with my hands nice and proper lately."
"Honda Commercial is one of the best. #Ozzy #CrazyTrain \m/"
"i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate"
"but I'm sure you love them"
"maybe a Hanley or Jose Reyes"
"You're quite right, and they often test too broadly killing any chances for iteration if things go poorly"
"TOUCHDOWN!! GO PATS!!!!"
"Looking for a talented Senior Oracle/Microsoft SQL Server DBA to provide database technology leadership to a team of developers building bu…"
"cant wait to finally get home and relax"
"hell yea xD"
"Formatted my PC this weekend and had to install the new The new blue client is quite possibly one of the worst updates ever."
"I always ask my dentist for more than just one complimentary spool. If in a pinch, try a stretched out piece of plastic bag."
"i fell worthy of every kiss u laid upon me for in each of them went part of my heart..."
"If you want to be successful, you must either have a chance or take one."
"tell her nvm...we'll wait till next week"
"Damn. MCA has died. Rest in peace Adam Yauch. \"I swing my words on the track 'cause the track sound tight...\""
"damn son you just made me hungrier than i already was fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk"
"I wonder will Carla Bruni drop the midget if he loses the election."
"Think I'm fina go eat sum cereal"
"anyone break the cycle"
"why do you have retweets disabled?"
"i hate you -__- . Not you big bro!"
"Vegan cheese tastes... vegan."
"Tweet tweet."
"Thank you to for the donation of $15,000 raised at the two day Dinner auction and golf tournament. To benefit Shriners Hosp."
"There's no repayment for that..."
"I was mystified!"
"new week, new adventures...Bring it ON!"
"America's Got Talent 👐"
"Also, dear London friends, I am so very sorry about Boris."
"I'm Stronger Than U Think!"
"Had beautiful relaxing morning with my guys. No where to rush off to for a change. Heavenly!"
"When I Make It We All Make It!"
"Just got an update that you can get a free travel kit of Azap Skincare! All you have to pay for is the $5 shipping and handling"
"it's 8:07. How bout u?"
"Lindsey Bailey: \"for me, it was a social thing...making community based art is like a party\""
"O-line? What is is this you speak of?"
"“: We are leaving tomorrow!!! (((Screams))) #MIA” Yeeeaassaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!"
"April is fine for white pants...yes? I guess it's too late now, I'm wearing them."
"Only thing I'm guilty of is not being on stream. :o"
"I follow"
"I never know if I'm in a CVS, a Walgreens or a Rite-Aid. They are all red and look exactly the same."
"Jazz Brunch Today at Oro starts at noon. No Cover. Kids eat free all day."
"Bwaahahaha! Tell her Kim, You know better that her what your HUSBAND makes! :)"
"i wana go to orange beach ,, the wharf ."
"Hi Troy, both should work- the ePub is designed for the Kindle, but the PDF (which is laid out like the book) is also fine"
"Curious to hear if a) you think the kid was really poisoned with ricin or something else (or nothing) and b) who did it?"
"so much trouble. I am doing everything else but the paper."
"#A GOOD GIFT FOR FATHER'S DAY - FATHERING WORDS: THE MAKING OF AN AFRICAN AMERICAN WRITER by E. Ethelbert Miller"
"It's not a lot of cute girl in Detroit no more where they go"
"I am a terrible Foursquare user. I never remember to check in until I am on my way out."
"Great job playing last night. Thrilled to have you guys play the arrangement."
"Thanks Lisa! :-)"
"i've been getting a massive headache every day now"
"Just got my copy of MAKE in the mail, and you're on the cover! Congratulations! Great articles."
"but when are we releasing \"Shame\". That film SO deserves wider audience"
"that would be the shit! 🎎🏯"
"So, what wines are in your weekend plans? Stop by the Diamond Ridge Market, sample a few and then take a bottle or two home?"
"got one of them a few weeks back...."
"Nice to have one more storm popping over Milwaukee. Small hail reported in South Milwaukee. Lots of lightning. NE Wind will cool us quickly."
"“: 1 universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 804 islands, 7 seas, 7 billion people and my heart still tells me it's you.”"
"1/2 Everytime I open a can of Texas Pete chili (don't judge me) the aroma takes me back to summers spent in Salisbury, NC with ..."
"ha ha Hebel got fired."
"I'm gonna give up caring for lent."
"We were belting it out on the way home last nt -- also \"We Are Young.\" grt for those who are musically challenged!"
"I liked your school FB page to help you get to 25 so you can get your URL. Looks great - good luck!"
"It's a special K kind of morning :) What's your favorite #cereal?"
"Always salt it, always salt it ;p"
"A house w/out books is like a room w/out windows No man has a right to bring up his children w/out surrounding them with books- Horace Mann"
"aw I'm sorry soon bb soon"
"Everything grinds to a halt when your computer moves at the speed of"
"so jealous! Love Dana Point, friends there. Enjoy every bit of it!"
"#trollsohard #rangers RT : Did someone forget to tell the Detroit Tigers they had a baseball game tonight?"
"The first five people to order using the \"BIRTHDAY\" code will also get an additional surprise gift in their order!"
"Lagond student, Kevin Myers, has released his 1st CD titled \"Nothing To Fear\" on iTunes. Expect country rock tunes worth checking out!"
"Starbucks & The Vow <3"
"Thanks! Looking forward to it. It's been a long day in the airports. Anything going on tonight that I should attend?"
"I serously thought teachers werent allowed to give homework this week !"
"Happy weekend hitting the Mardi Gras parades and shopping my fav stores."
"you know I'll make the Seattle trip :)"
"followed me.. I feel so loved! :)"
"i hate seeing all those little squares that are supposed to be picture-animations on the iphone"
"U good... Gz!! Its already done we gotta bang out!!"
"you coming to Indy for SB? Want to try curling if so?"
"sunday brunch? My flight isnt until 5pm"
"Eduardo Saverin wears too much The North Face. If you haven't lived in Boston, then you really don't know."
"PR ambassador to Savings,"
"tomorrow my dude I'll have it up. Kobe galaxy Lbj big bang Lbj mangos Foamposites cough drop And more"
"Woohh!! This saturday party!!!"
"There is nothing in this world like reading a rude response that is followed by a smiley face. #passiveagressive #barf :)"
"I never would have thought I would hear a line like, \"gay money is replacing Wall Street money.\""
"#808Pride \"dont judge a book by its cover...unless u read the back\" guess who told me that?!?!"
"Or was that a camera flash?"
"Housebound with the kids today? You can relate to Noah cooped up in that ark, can't you? Read HUMANLY SPEAKING.www.willowmoonpublishing.com"
"Hang in there! I found a kitten in shrubs outside my house - dumped? V socialized but had fleas & worms. (YUCK). I'm keeping her. :)"
"Try to direct them to quiet reading room, but they complain about the chairs. Can't please everyone."
"Happy Labor Day! Drop by SECCA this weekend. We're open today & Sat (10 am - 5 pm) and Sun. (1- 5 pm). Free admission, as always."
"Lincecum pulled back for a pinch hitter after Burriss grounds out meekly to 1st; Nate Schierholtz pinch hitting"
"Super pumped for Michael and Amanda's wedding today!"
"Watch #Barack #Obama on RIGHT NOW!"
"One direction take over on MTV"
"Don't scare me like that."
"cos you wuv me still<3 can you do me a favor?"
"Head's still killing me and I'm more tired after the nap. To be expected. Having trouble writing these lesson plans. Going to be a long week"
"oh you can see easily, we will show you!"
"(3/3) 4) Washington DC 5) Atlanta, GA. Honorable mentions Destin, FL and Chicago, IL"
"Singing at #thebluebird tonight!!:))"
"Loved our scenes :)"
"Not everything you have stays forever. But there are things you would be glad to fight for just so you can have them longer."
"shower shower shower time. feeling a lot better now. :D"
"Truth is I'm going to start using that as a dramatic monologue for the lulz."
"Chelsea in champions league final 2012. Chelsea not even in champions league 2013. HEHEHEHEHEH"
"Yay! I'll be attending #goodgreatcat . Roy Tennant--keynote speaker. Should be interesting!"
"so #excited for this shoot! Geting ready to go viral ;)"
"NXBL (PRO DOUBLE DIAMOND BASEBALL) Watch live Broadcast at www.n-xbl.com Orlando vs Tampa today at 6pm at St Pete."
"Wing nights with good ppl and good drinks are always classic events"
"Follow me back plz?"
"Ambition is the key to success."
"Kids choice awards are tonight yeah buddy"
"thanks for following Hannah"
"4 days until the Blue Cross RiverRink opens for the season!!"
"Congratulations Dowden-Wayne American Legion Post 64 for another 100% membership year! Are 1,000 members in the cards?"
"Seeing wet snowflakes on the cam in Lake Oswego right now."
"What do you mean by a \"channel shift policy\"?"
"Cleaned my room for the 100th time this month (:"
"Flow is the mental state of operation when an athlete is fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus, full involv., & success"
"I Believe in Love. I Believe in Light. I Believe in Me. I Believe in You. And in All that We can Do."
"#InstantTurnOn when they smile before kissing you !"
"love your new twitter page! :)"
"Hey #iOS & #Android devs want to work with a fast-growing startup? is looking for you!"
"Just want to be home with"
"Sunday's were made for watching golf, not playing. On a day as nice as today, shoulda played better than the 93 I posted!"
"I love the concept of wishfrog. Keep it simple! Maybe do a social login to link my wish frog account with my Twitter or Facebook?"
"Keep it to ya self"
"impossible to wake me. Just ask"
"Perfect. Exactly the response I was looking for."
"wow!!! #goosebumps what an honor!!!"
"Um hii? I think I met you b4 but just in case here's my number. Text me maybe, i'm awkward at calls... O.O"
"Steelers and Bears fighting it out in the 4th quarter. must be going nuts!"
"A Change is gonna come"
"i am like slow"
"hahaha good luck with that"
"Just for good measure, should definitely get a shout out as I mess with my Twitter virginity."
"Do you have a #dream for the #future? Kids are our future. Thats why started Dreams for Kids - a #youth #empowerment program."
"Things That Need To Stop Hating On Each Other... Follow Me"
"if you haven't seen Mic Macs you should rent it. Same director as Amelie."
"YES I am so excited future wifey!! We shall have a happy life :)"
"Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!"
"Haha ! Oh heck no ! Back off ! I will meet on June 30 && you're just jealous of my sensitive amazing babe ! <333"
"\": Why would a \"church\" boycott #WhitneyHouston's funeral? SMH!!!!!\" Ignorance!"
"#FreshmanYearTaughtMe High school is hard. Do home work and actually study for tests and quizzes. Oh and the next 3 years will be the best."
"I only saw literally half of the show."
"i no i no u guys wouldnt say anything about me im not that type of person"
"you gonna make it on Saturday? BAP BBQ"
"Such a long night o my lol"
"Pesky calves r expressing their displeasure by twitch twitch twitching. Shut up u 2 & get back 2 work!"
"Come on in!"
"um, well, it's def raunchy (aka soft porn), but i really like the story line"
"maybe for good depending on how things go! I miss you guys!"
"Would you like to get paid for coffee, tea, or hot cocoa? Get paid to use soap and toothpaste as well. 646 519 5860 Code: 64630# at 1&9 EST"
"I'm the best at hiding my feelings.. 😔"
"GREAT. And you?"
"oliver winery soft white....well any from oliver are good but thats my fave!"
"I can get my uncle to make some custom baby gators."
"Gotcha? Did you attend? I had a good time out yesterday."
"What does Death of a Salesman say about modern America? Interesting povs on"
"Come try our new Soppressata (Hot) Paninii !!! Yummmyy a'Salute"
"great season thanks."
"RT “: Writing music always relieves stress”"
"When I am Queen, talking about an election more than four months before the election will get you publicly flogged. Sound good?"
"Follow #InGenious Clothing Co. On Twitter #Fashion #Art #Style #Designer Please RT!"
"Barnett calling for sdusd to halt school closure plan."
"Happy Birthday to the most amazing and handsome guy in the whole wide world . Love you.!!"
"watching your wedding special and you made me cry really."
"Taiji 9 boats driving a pod of dolphins toward the cove.1 boat returned to harbor to prepare skiffs and netsTaiji NAZI AUSCHWITZ"
"Excellent: It's not your client's job to remember you. It is your obigation and responsibility to make sure they don't have the chance to…"
"I miss you!):"
"Going to walmart to go SHOPPING..!!!!! Fun Fun"
"The food is really good here. I just ate the red snapper. On point! About to have some flan."
"#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im giving half of my $$$ to Trayvon Martin's family && start a organization named after him <3"
"Shawn and I got dressed up and are at a fancy hotel bar for the hell of it."
"THIS Thursday is our monthly meet and greet at Vinoteca, 5-7pm. New and old members are welcome. Come have a glass with us!"
"I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!"
"HAHAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SAME. THING.."
"I left left. Apparently I didn't send my bye bye email to the right alias :("
"If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done..."
"You killed my father. Prepare to die."
"When teachers give you homework .. Recycle"
"RT : Now we're at the press conference on the hill!"
"No. But you do choose to not have kids and I wonder how long before they will take that choice from you."
"This Flogging Molly Pandora station is. AWE. SOME."
"Not A Huge Fanbase. Built this up from nothing. But im humble and appreciate everything as of this point."
"In the time of chimpanzees I was a monkey"
"and I was just about to shave it!"
"Your going to love the CD! :)"
"I love love LOVED reading that. YOU'RE beautiful, my dear :)"
"\"I just sharted myself. That's when u fart and u shit yourself on accident!\" - wise words of Kris Jenner."
"Come to help at the #alhambra art walk, but I come too late. At least I helped clean! :/"
"Glad you could make it!"
"that's a cool looking bike!"
"On set filming \"Molly\" hope it doesn't rain!!"
"yeah I think I'm going to go later this summer as well"
"“I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.” unknown"
"this quote made my day. Or my career."
"A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool. #Shakespeare,"
"Wait.. Justin Timberlake and Jessica Beil are engaged?!?"
"blake even tried it, i swear to you it taste like chicken...save a beautiful creature who scared the death out of u,HAHA"
"It most certainly does!"
"Oh yes, as heard here first! Very nice."
"If your heart was really 'broken' you wouldn't be alive. Lol."
"And we only see real outcry when it's a gay NPC interested in you. Here, I'm a strong proponent of forcing players to deal with it."
"Al Jefferson: \"I just think we're playing against a team that is at its peak, and I don't see nobody beating 'em.\""
"When Cher's new album comes out you can bet your ass i'm buying & i don't usually buy CDs."
"you're sweet"
"u really think twitter aided in any of the decision making today by UW?"
"You guys, my little sister informed me I wasn't OLD OLD until I was 24. That day has arrived."
"Peter Hanson: prime candidate for the Inevitable Collapse on Sunday. He's not winning the Masters."
"Trying to feel better"
"TRIP FEST BRO"
"just talking to you, wbu?(;"
"you have a home here in Portland!"
"i hate that. i never considered myself pretty, but i never consider myself uglyy."
"It sucks when I work long shifts...."
"One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously"
"Hello Boy! How are you? ;DD"
"#EastChicago drivers do not give a fuck about stop signs"
"So.... all the derby horses who don't win are destined for jerky and glue, am I right? I didn't see seabiscuit, so just assuming."
"#ThatAwkwardMoment when you see Battlefield 3 advertisements before watching a Modern Warfare 3 video…"
"you should come check us out. We're not looking for new members yet, but we will be doing a guest artist each month."
"your tattoo is still so bad ass!"
"makes me feel good to know other grown ass women don't iron their work clothes."
"Swedish candy is so yummy!!!"
"Threw wit his ass on ta tha next one *"
"Shoutout to the new for celebrating their history - we've got a pretty similar one, and it's quite fascinating. Cheers, guys!"
"amen amen"
"McDonalds all American game! Coach Hicks who I used to coach for is coaching the East team. And a bunch of UK recruits"
"Merry Christmas to all you Stratfordians! Oh, and Good Will to you Oxfordians, too!"
"Had a nice conversation with yesterday about how getting comfortable is for suckers. Stay hungry!"
"Very glad to see Farmer's Market moving back to the Heart of Cary. All is well...again."
"YW... we were so looking forward to it... there's always next year :x"
"Lou Williams has never known the time and score of any game he's ever played in"
"Praying for you tonight. May God's goodness come over!"
"Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 26"
"Hey there, congratulations!"
"Any thing I ever do is never good enough.."
"Student quote: \"I love chess because it has real nice moves. I love chess because it's the best game in the world!\" - Jonathan, 8"
"i miss the people that i used to talk to last summer."
"I wish ppl would stay and hear God's message."
"nothing just random thoughts"
"wish i was strutting to her or carly rae jepsen"
"tweet tweet"
"the sound of local filmmakers collectively saying \"oh shit\" & scurring to finish RT : #MFF2012 Call for Entries coming very soon..."
"Would to see a news guy take a spill"
"Wonder what conservative media will have to say about this major victory for the President, or more appropriate \"our nation\"."
"When people assume the wrong shit about you <<<"
"Grateful for the right words of wisdom @ just the right time!"
"nah, I came with my girlfriend and her mom for a small vacation. Will be in NYC Sunday & Monday"
"\"Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot\""
"me too. Ive got a hunch my examples are linked but I might be crazy. Hopefully reading Steigler/David's answer will fix my brain"
"Word? No doubt I got u. 100"
"Watching the final episode of friends. Best comedy ever"
"LMFAORT : Life is like Jerry. Sometimes it's hard."
"We're still celebrating AMERICA!! Come see our Red, Whites, and Blues!! You won't be sorry you did! Open till 7 on Sunday! :)"
"help me!"
"I wake up confused most days"
"I'M DOING YOU!!! Lol"
"Sunday morning: favorite #ldsconf conference session in recent memory."
"just got done listening to \"Weird Al\" Yankovic - Skipper Dan and it was a good song"
"Have a question about your landscape? I can't possibly charge for Q & A! Spread the word, free answers, always!"
"More like, hilarious on so many levels. :D"
"Why don't more women wear dresses like in the 1940's?"
"Watching #roadworlds in Manchester train station, cannot recognize anybody in these national jerseys."
"At the Fern Park Bowling lanes. Sam's Clubs are bowling to benefit local kids!"
"brb while I dig my grave. JUSTIN THIS SONG IS SO GOOD"
"The lightning show tonight is amazing!"
"if you say \"\" really fast it sounds like \"make me a sandwich\""
"New coach in 2013 then. And MARTZ? NO RT : #Bears announce no other changes will be made. Lovie Smith to be coach in 2012."
"just saw this. That is awesome...you got to meet the King! (Every time I see the word Marvel I get a bad taste in my mouth..)."
"Misconception #6 Teamwork is magical."
"Awesome! I'll let the rest of the conference planners know and will send you a more formal request via email."
"I like it(;"
"U look amazing!! Can't wait for the new album I know u won't disappoint! U r the best and I love everything u do! I love u!!"
"#Reading Andrew Witt's The Black Panthers in the Midwest (2007), study of Panther community progs that tries to counter usual demonization."
"Both thumbs sprained. Awesome."
"lol almost fell down the ladder in the outcove to where the spots are."
"if you can find it Eternal Flame is absolutely delicious!"
"Be a WARRIOR...not a worrier. - Karen Salmansohn"
"Things Learned on Vacation #2: you can't make a right turn on red in Montreal. Not that this stops some from making left turns on red."
"This is one of our favorite tricks! Tape works best for removing temp tattoos that have been on for 24 hrs or less."
"Thought I'd have a easy time finding an Executive Assistant, but it's proving more challenging than I expected. Time for plan B."
"Gem from AMA: \"this is your sister-in-law ;) when are you coming to visit us? and what is the most irritating thing annie does?\""
"#Yee For sure, I don't know your email, though."
"Hey Vennesa! Did y'all record the presentations at #EALS12? Is there a podcast that I can listen to? Thanks! :)"
"These days losing your phone is worse than losing your virginity .. smh"
"Fine how do u do ;))"
"Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to getting for you."
"At Blum+Poe fundraiser for the Calder Performing Arts Organizations"
"Thank YOU, sir! RT : Thank you so much for the follow and the great service you provide"
"Have you ever tried using antengo to post horses for sale? Could be interesting..."
"Man u better make dat money & dnt let it make u lol"
"No but he's got lots of guns, overalls and a camper!"
"I used to work for a stunt production company. That fight scene was lame."
"Just saw man with crucifix tie and Broncos '98 Super Bowl champs jacket. Guy was blending Jesus and Denver football before it was trendy."
"It's okay, I've become addicted to Twitter recently as well!"
"Your twitter profile picture is so 2003. Oh wait, shit, so is mine."
"Belmont's Head Coach Rick Byrd hasn't had a scholarship player transfer from his program in 8+ years. Now THAT's an impressive stat."
"The band is playing a Bread cover at this party"
"Ugh. I'm so broke that my most attainable plan for surviving March includes winning a Greek reading competition."
"A marketing student's dream: Morgan Spurlock, aka 30 days of McDonalds dude is screening his 'Best Movie Ever Sold' docu @ Marquette tonight"
"You're not frat if you don't wear LAX panties."
"Watching your kids learn new things > learning new things yourself"
"Running around toting a gun and shooting people because you scared to square up and shoot the five"
"Make a wish! ;)"
". We love the Jade travel mat. Light enough to travel, but rugged and nonslip. Great bang for the buck + lots of colors too!"
"Another night of college hoops. I'll be sending ku good vibes while at the kstate duke game."
"Thanks for the LR/Aperture feedback Not sure what I'll do..."
"I have an event to go to tomorrow, but i will be available anytime after 3:30pm. Or, you can provide your contact to call"
"In college my motto was \"I'm eating healthy…so I can drink more\". Hm. cc:"
"M-yeah... so jus kinda meant my torta was 'BOSS' an was tryin to shout the OTHER 'Rick' in BMF-kinda-way. --PS: Rozay dont fly DOMESTIC!--"
"We hope everyone has an awesome time at OLLU's #Mizuumi-Con !"
"Way to completely butcher a book! #disappointment #:/"
"Survived Alumni Weekend..lol"
"I know you're a skank that's why you're pregnant, but you're still acting like a skank while there's a life inside of you. You need help."
"#Ohioprimary a toss-up b/w #Romney and #Santorum as expected."
"Naw. Hit it hard. Swim through the dragons. Crush whities. Do some tv and radio interviews. Brush off sleepy eye. Beast it."
"Just watched the Pulp Fiction blu-ray last week and thought to myself that most milkshakes are probably $5 today."
"SO excited to announce will sponsor our New Years Eve race! Thankful for their support, can't wait for this event!!"
"Jus by talking to youu, youu made my day(:"
"thanks Rich. Yours isn't too bad either!"
"2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: D’Angelo McLinton ⁰Rising 11th ⁰Shreveport, LA ⁰Travel Team: Fair Park High School ⁰Point Guard 5’9"
"First new client ever that has unknowingly sent me my own work as a reference for the work he wants me to produce."
"haha That's awesome!"
"most welcome."
"Andrew Jean-Baptiste kept the match from being a worse 4-1 #Timbers loss."
"I thought of Larry Stylinson when I saw Larry Bird :)"
"If you love me, let me know. If not, please gently let me go."
"Movie recommendation is Brendan Fraiser in \"Encino Man\""
"Some respect for Hammond called him MR orange Cone. How do we know it is a he!"
"Hello. #Phish changed my life"
"I meant LONG!!"
"Above all things, reverence yourself."
"both ugly words"
"Cranking out a PR plan It's been a while!"
"Grab your rain boots, its my favorite holiday! Happy Step in a Puddle and Splash Your Friends Day!"
"Jennifer, great meeting you at #styleX yesterday, let's chat again soon"
"\"You're the boss daddy\" *whispers*"
"Yes way to go Rangers!!!!"
"It's all about appearance & personality."
"Mr.Right will come to me iguess..done looking"
"u better run baby run out run my gun!!"
"Swag*·* bahaha I love u so so so much♥. Follow me on keek please: elizabethcb."
"Naked confetti. Dot tumblr dot com. Make it happen, world."
"You fell from my hair; I took you for a maggot; You're an inch worm, son."
"Waiting on a session to mix... Lalala"
"Ladies want the best fitting plain tee? Go here ------>"
"pictures? keek? something? (:"
"Bottling a couple barrels of Syrah today."
"Need sum snack meijer here I come..."
"I wonder who took that pic? They are an amazing photographer;) Beautiful as always"
"You know you frequent a pub a lot when waitress sees you come in and immediately brings beer and asks what were having w/out offering menus."
"Google must have figured out I'm female. Now I'm seeing cosmetics ads before StarCraft replays on YouTube."
"hear, hear! happy weekend!"
"#20ThingsAboutMe I'm quick to cutting people off."
"Interested in a follow4follow? Need free promotion? try the site on my profile. Never pay again for promo."
"big deal"
"Fuck love. Love hurt"
"How do you use technology to express your Jewishness?"
"Wow fuck the wind blowing my bag off the roof and weed flying everywhere."
"that looks exactly like the one that I had!!!!!!!!!! omg so cute 😍"
"“ Yep, I think I may have a reason to holla tonight @ Vixen”< Bol...spencer ur a mess."
"Wednesday is Military Day at the Kilt ALL DAY. Play Call of Duty: Black Ops, Gears of War, and more on XBox Live and enjoy HH pricing w/ ID!"
"Thanks for chatting Aaron. I admit, U know ur TED talks way better than I & applaud ur energy. Good luck w/Ur Ph.D & publications!"
"are u really going to tell me u'd rather listen to AVD than do Rick Ross grunts on the way to work?"
"LMAO well your nice"
"#NF my tattooist the best tattoo artist n Milwaukee!!"
"too cheap to let anything go to waste"
"drat. I'm only sposed to do 1 per day? Fraid I might not make it xmas or boxing. :-)"
"Back to hudson.."
"7 THOUSAND LIKES!!! NOW 7 thousand likes on this status for the new single teaser....... lol jk. Give us a second.."
"You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved"
"its gunna do nothing..."
"hahah thats amazing!!! when am i coming to Nashville to visit???"
"Feels good when other rappers Fukks with me!"
"That lawsuit against the Bellaire officers was dismissed 8/... That appeal should be right around the corner I hope..."
"Parenting magazine and the NBA are joining forces to promote family fitness!"
"#LittleThingsThatMakeMeMad seeing upside down crosses all over tumblr."
"Worst week as a sports fan continues. Not only PSU fiasco but 4got about Thurs night NFL...Tolbert in, Denarius Moore on the bench...DAGGER"
"i've approved your mailing list post and responded"
"ur #MyIdol cuz u do things everybody is afraid to and u inspier me to juss be myself!!!!! <3333 plz follow"
"Watch the movie Hook when you can."
"only love can build us a bridge of light"
"I signed up to enter the Home Goods contest, but may use from time to time"
"When watching the snow now, I hear you calling out every time someone enters someone else's room."
"Let me know if you have any questions along the way! :)"
"So much for running errands this morning."
"No kidding. You were there too? It was nice see , even though briefly."
"The Calendars are here! The Calendars are here! Our 2012 year at a glance calendars look awesome. Need one? Sign up for our mailing list a…"
"jeez!! thats awesome!! i went to bed at 12:("
"Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Mentadent Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products."
"Headed to the 7th still scoreless. Skinkis, S. Harris, M. Harris due up for"
"i gotta alotta stuff i dont tell people."
"We've got a new billboard up on 315 ... anyone seen it?"
"Mark, it was a blast bein' there with you! We'll find a time somewhere down the road to pick up where things left off!"
"Big congrats to Marina () AKA 'Madame Chairwoman' on her election as County Board chair - smart, capable & already leading"
"And now all thoughts turn to"
"Congrats to on the sale of her new novel to HarperCollins--I just learned this awesome news today!"
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me! Phil. 4:13"
"Great effort from Walden"
"My diet lately has consisted of lean cuisines and chocolate."
"I have zero motivation to get out of this bed."
"what where"
"follow real as they get don't sleep follow her now....."
"yup! Home sweet home for 3 days then my vacation starts!"
"Are you one of the dozens of fans going to the Padres tonight?"
"Mad at #Xcel for dropping the #solar rebate? Call Gov. Hickenlooper's office at 303-866-2471 to tally your disapproval"
"lol where u at"
"Attending the 2010 National Conference on Foreign Relations. Topics: immigration reform, U.S nuclear policy Israeli-Palestinian conflict"
"Boss gave me numerous kudos for my awesome work this week (not the kudos bar - )"
"I already know tht life is deep, but I still dig her"
"I love makeup. I love the way it makes me Feel.....All warm inside, LOL"
"whoa it's pouring downtown!"
"If it's a jacuzzi with a Lake view, you're not doing too bad. If not, you should rethink your priorities."
"For the hip, badass bride!"
"Oh...<remind self to NOT sleep on stomach>...the pain!! <Acid reflux strikes with a vengeance!>...That bloody hurts! <throat on fire!>"
"I'm not sure where that dot says I was... but I'm in Montana now... I love traveling but it will be good to go home soon :-)"
"“: I'm regretting saying I'd drink every time I heard the word \"Tebow\" on TV today. #AlreadyDrunk”."
"Twitter is not a diary"
"Blows kiss back :) btw i followed !! can u please follow me back! <33 i LOVE u"
"March is looking pretty good. Mad Men and Community are coming back! Can never have too much"
"That's cuz you ran off and got married and you're never here anymore. :("
"Dis nigga cologne smells like cooking oil!"
"Don't let me get in my zone!"
"For me, only the #tweetsmackleague let me add for the Sunday lineup. These are more long term until he sucks, or likely injured."
"Thank you T - Have a great week!"
"o wow, that's terrible and they can't find anything wrong it might be your liver or gallbladder hope your ok"
"I'm surprised nobody #passed the mic to you, Robert. Shit. I was handling the mic to my #daughter when she was 6."
"ha, i thought you might say that - i'll hold out and wait for your review, thx!"
"you know!!! But it's the thing u told keli first that convo u know"
"your mom"
"I think today holds your record for the most tweets"
"i've had some help and been at it a while - 8380 of those are my posts"
"haha thunder storms are awesome tho!!!"
"Nice work!"
"Kobe couldnt get open. And my daddy is salty too."
"but trust me, that is a great problem to have, I get to work with amazing people daily, and I am vastly thankful"
"I miss watching play basketball."
"Oh man sorry to hear that. Anything docs can do?!"
"Had your coffee yet, good afternoon :D."
"Nice night at the APA Heritage Ball. Nice to see old faces and meet new ones!"
"Its so fckin hot."
"...... Thank you for following me, and I hope you are a fan?"
"Thanks for the support!"
"Strawberry sweet tea is legit stuff!"
"Tonight: checking out Foursquare at Lilly's in Lincoln Park then going to the session at the Green Mill"
"I'm really not sure what the Jets staff think they're accomplishing by talking up Tebow Are they dying for a QB controversy?"
"❤ That awkward when you read \"moment\" yet it was even there 😄 (;"
"You got it."
"I can't tell my legs are huge but it is super bad pain"
"&#39;Myology&#39; is winning word at senior spelling bee in Pembroke Pines"
"Happy Friday and thank you to all our new followers ..."
"Oh okay thank you I never understood it."
"You are aware of film \"Farewell Etoin Shrdlw\" about last days of hot metal at NYT? Would make great double feature."
"I see. U still my neighbor or u moved?"
"What to do today. Feels so good outside"
"Turns out if you use the carcasses of smoked chickens, you get a tasty, smoky stock"
"See what happens when you rebound? You get on a fastbreak"
"- ref decisions not going Barca's way either"
"Now Playing The Devil’s Music: The Life and Blues of Bessie Smith Off-Broadway at the St. Luke’s Theater (308 West 46th Street)"
"you are seriously hysterical"
"Thx!! your book gave me a sense of hope...i know i keep repeating myself, but your book changed my outlook on MS research.."
"About to start teaching my 2nd tech tutorial. Google analytics. Almost done presenting!"
"you should double check with your local :)"
"Do you want to be a part of our summer show? Auditions -April 30 and May 1st- Mark your calander 1-4pm. 107 Suffolk St, NYC ages13-21."
"Last season was so good! Love that show!"
"Chocolate and candy cane confetti. We will put it on your waffle. For serious. For realzies. No joke."
"watching my boy get his hair cut"
"if people could read minds hm"
"Who the hell is kaydee?"
"great to meet you!!"
"a girl called me a slut and shit cause I didn't like a lil Wayne song. Lol its like people cant have opinions these days !"
"you have no followers ( ;"
"FLOPPY ASS BULLSHITT JAMES IS A BIGG PUSS.."
"Hope you're enjoying yourself! Can't wait to hear all about your trip! MISS YOU! (ss&i tried sending you a pic) did you get?"
"we were just talking about u a few days ago"
"‎Communitylinks La is Proud to announce the Opening of our \"NEW\"magazine Jewishh Communitylinks Melbourne . We also have a great magazine i…"
"Twitter knows."
"Thanks for following!"
"technology has evolved. We used to imagine what can a computer do. We now just tell them to do it. Soon they'll imagine what they can do."
"SwingLifeStyle will host Saturday Sexy Toga Party at Swingfest Events Miami South Beach July 21, 2012."
"you might want to at least skim it as a reference point in case it ever comes up in conversation"
"you and me always seem to have this problem.hopefully irvine will bring his pistachios tomorrow..."
"come back to lbk!!!"
"This #Mizzou game is so exciting to follow, even on gamecast. I don't think I'll be able to sleep until it's over."
"You're just asking to have your whole face ripped off with that gift. That's all monkeys do. Rip off faces."
"Some people are so terribly short sighted."
"when you find it, let me know."
"If u or your friend had a fitted cap with gator skin & a watch on it"
"My favorite pet peeve-the addition of the “s.” Donna Summers? Did you know she sang “Hot Stuffs” and “This Time I Know It’s For Reals?” ;)"
"Ur at ur favorite artist concert, the artist offers a cd, a t-shirt and an autograph picture, which 1 would u choose & Y?"
"I'm killn these niggas wish they hurry up and die"
"No kidding, welcome to my #life! RT I wonder... how many hours of my life has been spent #rendering?"
"You need to put a child lock on that channel! I did on my TV!"
"Logitech Wave. Not too shabby so far."
"so whats up with the Marlins......... so whats up with my PS3"
"Arabica in parma hts on pearl is easily the closest you can get to the Jersey Shore in the cleveland suburbs. My god."
"#Rehearsal = complete, #gym = happening... eventually! Then off to a nice dinner with my mom and class with the wonderful #ChrisGameCasting!"
"transition from android to iphone! I got hard time for migrating data though...... definitely stable than andorid!!"
"thanks Brian, have a great bday party"
"also, pleased by serendipity: ruby workshop is at original site of"
"One day this week or next I need to see project x"
"No collusion. Publishers set own prices for e-books. HTML5 online & offline e-reading. Reach billions. Avoid closed ecosystems and the DOJ."
"Just watched the vow such a good movie :) <3 made me cry a lil"
"Journeys See the tourist information Of khaparanda and designation of information map weather rates of change :-)"
"Happy Easter to you and you!"
"Wade McDirty & Bron McTarded got just what they deserved. . NOTHING! Dirty, no-class, greedy, chokers who over-reached."
"Titanic 3D was phenomenal, as expected."
"\"B-days are good for u.Statistics show that the ppl who have the most live the longest.\" Order u'r next cake at www.happycakewilltravel.com"
"Dental school form deadline is approaching here in DC. These preventive checkups ensure every child is getting the attention they deserve"
"sing along."
"At Bryant & Stratton's Greece campus tabling for Biz Kid$ ...lots of fun to be had indeed :)"
"Happy Mother's Day to the best mom a girl could ask for! Sure we argue (alot), but it's only because I'm just like you! Love you always!"
"Working on a new website for A & A Safe, Lock & Door. (www.aaofga.net/cms) Tell me what you think?"
"help me spread the word of 28 year old missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht."
"Oh my goodness! Where is that?"
"#lxchat starts at the top of the hour."
"lets hope 4 a 30 point win.20 right now.lets make it 10 more"
"If you eat lots of donuts, eventually you will have morass."
"RT : House Budget Commitee opts for massive cuts in social spending to preserve wasteful militay spending...."
"man it feel good outside today ayyyeeee"
"sorry ladies.. the lead singer is engaged."
"dont you hate it when you try to tell someone how you feel and you just cant, can someone give me advice:/?"
"One more week until the final trailer premiere"
"shit, if I just had access to everyones ears i would literally be an unstoppable fuckin force."
"Article in latest Peer Review links Equity Scorecard work w/ LEAP framework for inclusive excellence bit.ly/1zqeZq"
"thanks for coming!! You looked fab as usual."
"I was so frustrated, felt like cannon-balling the pool...then I remembered I can't swim"
"Well, today is not going as planned, but I got a few things done, at least. If only certain things were not hanging in limbo."
"RT I cannot tell you how many times I go to write \"Shoot T-Shirt Gun\" onto my bucket list only to realize it's already on there."
"That would be great. Are you available Wednesday at 10am PDT? And can you follow me and then message me your contact info?"
"Hello Wednesday?"
"You can't unscramble a scrambled egg."
"The Mega Millions is up to $476 Million now, Tell us about the dream home you would buy if you won that much money"
"Get the brooms out!"
"Wedding Shows - For Better or For Worse?"
"what's good for Friday bro"
"hahaha baseball sucks"
"There's nothing wrong with two things: A) A little bump and grind and B) Tomfoolery"
"U had a good night."
"Doing the right thing is just rough. So many people out there are used to being corrupt. Then when you speak truth you get shot for it."
"Reese's and Kit- Kat's are my favorite candies. :)"
"dude, idk how you did it, but I think I've already got 6 followers. Well played, sir."
"fill me in on the gossip!"
"\": I gotta stay focused....... MONEY IS THE SUBJECT!!!\""
"#AfricanYoloMoment mistakin a laptop for a cookie or cookin ur salad coz u think its raw"
"Mexican food!!!!! Chili's rellenos!!!! Aww we yeah!"
"STRUGGLE = Preparation of what is yet to come."
"evrytime i watch my fair wedding i cry ,he has such a big heart..i wonder if he stays in touch with his brides..hope 2 meet him"
"young moneg, cash money"
"Stomach flu & Having to do homework , ehh not the business . ='("
"Back at cha"
"Happy Birthday!!! Enjoy your day :-)"
"hey what color r your beats?? Lol jw... =))"
"RT Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone. Thomas Carlyle 1795-1881, Philosopher and Author"
"T. Mills is so much better than Mac Miller. Just saying."
"It's the pizza yeah ah. For you and MEEHEEHEEHEEEEEEE. *high pitched voice*"
"Warm up with our Manager's Saturday Special at Thrift Shop: all fur coats reduced 30%!"
"Stubborn fat can be eliminated with the latest liposuction procedures using lasers.BodySculpting is virtually painless with minimal surgery."
"I'm flooding my own timeline :x"
"Man you are combative huh?"
"Wow, that's awesome exposure. Congratulations!"
"Pair of, pair of, pair of dice! Pair of, pair of, pair of dice! Ooh Ooh Ooooohhhhh"
"“: 51 days left till July 1st.”ndbjsnnkedneckn I'm so excited."
"#GoTribe Hopefully D Lowe can pitch like he did last week"
"Aging Resident of Wealthy Exurb Shot Dead In Own Home; World Rejoices"
"People are already lining up outside Best Buy in Richfield for Black Friday deals! Find out what they want on WCCO Radio at 9am."
"FINALLY finished my biology project."
"We are having a give away on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG! Las Vegas HCG can help you follow the HCG Diet and Lose 20lbs in 20 days!"
"just helped a client set up a twitter acct and within 5 mins he had 20 porn followers. any way to prevent that? he was not thrilled"
"Went to starbucks after #creativestrat. I never drink coffee"
"When the rain turns on, turn on Nick Drake."
"I think animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers."
"My grandmother would love it if I could cheapen her memory by using her death to beg athletes for free tickets"
"Thanks for the follow! :)"
"i regret going to that party lastnight ."
"which of the two would you trade, melo or amare? I'd trade melo."
"5 more minutes till my weekend officially starts"
"Amen to that! RT Good luck on midterms. Finish the week strong, then it's spring break!"
"I am in your debt. Have been hoping for an audience with the king for some time, written many requests, etc."
"And the environment!"
"I hate having to pee when wearing a bodysuit"
"I have never met so many sensitive men in all my years of living. Do I need to give you my balls? Man up!"
"driving with bitch ass mom.. She was like your not looking yelling at me... Bitch yes I was."
"i chase chub :)"
"Having an early Americanist sense, i think west of the Alleghenies! Not so 21st cen though. RT : What is the West to you?"
"Leadership training through leadership development."
"Happy Mothers Day ❤😄"
"The lucky one! ❤"
"Hello Spring...I have missed you! :)"
"That was awesome! You have so much energy."
"I'd also like to note these kids are tighter than some adults I've seen play here & doing 3 part harmonies without any monitors."
"lets see what today has in store for me (;"
"Let it be known I have never broken a shovel"
"Spring ahead, get an early start to come in and view the Belden Stratford."
"And now the heat gon lose."
"If you want to return to MLS and KC doesn't play nicely, let us know and we/at least I will pressure SKC for you (as a SKC fan)"
"Time to shut the work day off..."
"Thanks for the RT yesterday!"
"haha me too. I mostly watch Victorious, Austin & Ally, How to Rock now (:"
"\"He grips the chair tensely and speaks hoarsely. His face slowly flushes crimson.\"- SERVITUDE"
"Thanks for retweeting!"
"oh does dudes wanna run 3 on 3 nad there home court"
"oh those are cute!"
"Hoping verizon takes care of me tomorrow. Have a short with the charge connection. Been a loyal customer for a long time"
"Edit it for us girl! RT CHIME IN: What do you think of covering the November issue of ESSENCE!"
"sure, cats love candy. Hello Kit Kats, duh! “: I just blamed empty candy wrappers on the cat...think my husband fell for it?”"
"thats for sure everybody thought thatwe wuld die when the ball dropped"
"Call me"
"I meant your tweeting out the media interview tips that put together for us ;-)"
"I love weddings :)"
"do you think people would be willing to sit down to a reconciliation round table or something?"
"your #Tigers will be next"
"The bane of librarians everywhere. sigh “: If you don't assess/grade they won't do it #blend12 #DIETribes”"
"33 HOURS 'til tips-off vs Syracuse! Join us at the usual haunts, & , for Sweet 16 specials!"
"Uh oh... I may start to turn orange now!"
"It seems as if I have been hacked, disregard anything sent to you from my account :-)"
"Murder in Muskego = Crime Fiction Writer Nirvana!!! Can't believe it's over--I miss everyone already!! &"
"lol you will get used to it"
"praise dancing n this pageant tonight. It still hasn't started but good luck to everyone. God bless u :)"
"Was it Queens Centre Mall?"
"Data and insights are important but beware the trap of analysis paralysis"
"You're welcome! We're happy to share the #FF love."
"This guy will not leave!!!!!"
"Thanks to our multi-tasking warrior for a great day of filming! Can't wait for you to also be our RED guy!"
"lol are you talking about that underground concourse?"
"Thank god for working toilets"
"Ah I'm going to wawa!"
"15 more points, and you will be allowed to sleep in the bed again."
": dissonance for users between staticity of web archives and notion of web as ever-changing and dynamic"
"Saw your \"Improving Patient Safety...\" & \"Clinical Trial Education...Simulation\" & \"What is an Oncology CNS...\" abstracts"
"can you pick up Dave tomorrow?"
"Feedback re: 's switch to require FB login for new users vs. email/pw might be good study. Looking forward to !"
"Game 7 in Los Angeles #Lakers vs"
"greatest challenge- the pressure to demonstrate the value of social media & the importance of audience engagement quantitatively"
"my parents have been married for over 60 years. It is possible but you need a lot of compromising."
"Good move for both sides."
"Thanks, Lynda!"
"Wise ppl do not waste their time, ideas, or precious words on those who refuse to listen, reflect, analyze, evaluate, or apply principles!"
"a drop in the ocean , a change in the weather , i was praying that yu & me might end up together <3 ."
"Lights out on #FNO?"
". you ought to be kissing the WH's ass you're not behind bars, cowboy. oh, and fuck you."
"Who ya play??"
"#Celtics is now a scary team leading into the playoffs... #Heat got to bring their A game in the east..."
"#ThoughtsDuringSchool Why can't Mr. Mattingly teach juniors...and then next year seniors??"
"HAIRSTYLISTS & SALON OWNERS! Boost UR sales w/ hair extensions that'll take UR biz 2 the top & Dr. Wiggy will show U how @"
"Curation tools for pedagogy: looking for tool that allows user to explore collection, not just marched through.. Does it exist??"
"Teams of Richmond MBA students huddling in breakout rooms now; got a dose of strategy from Prof Bosse & marketing insights from Prof Raggio"
"follow back?(:"
"If you write a review I'll give you a sweet coupon! Send me an email. BTW you guys are crazy!!!"
"I caught the mother of all spiders in the lunch room this am. Bigger than my fist"
"Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece. A higher price? Maybe?"
"Hm....what will I eat tonight? So many #DTSS choices!"
"lol, oh, i thought you meant Rukstele's"
"Home again, home again. J''ville went very well. Met so new nice folks, too!"
"Days 17, 18 & 19 of #missingmilwaukee go (of course) to the amazing #c21nonhuman conference and my home this year,"
"Goosebumps is still on tv?"
"Maybe if I get what I don't like, I will like what I didn't want to get!!!!"
"Watching the wind blow"
"New Sessions of Young Rembrandts at our Art gallery inside Parmatown Mall! Stop by for a visit and see our great student artwork!"
"Exactly. The editor/producer had no experience w comedy & was apparently from the canned laughter school of postproduction."
"#scifest is heating up on Twitter! Love this tweet from Julie M. McClure \"No one ever flunked a museum.\""
"dude, practice what you preach! You literally just tweeted about me!"
"What do conservatives say about the US' treatment of Native Americans? Anyone know of any applicable writing on the topic?"
"I can't wait for SYTYCD!"
"I'm not doing any design work tomorrow!"
"U know when u have a bad dream and then u realize your not dreaming..."
"When is the last time someone spoke honestly to you? Completely. Transparent. Free of expectation or hesistation. Be that someone. -Zach."
"Riding round and I'm gettin it .... Wit my nigga dre ."
"you bought your tickets? Let me know when you're here, I'd love to catch up!"
"what?! where did you get said falsies?! RT just bought 20 fake eyelashes for $4 including shipping!"
"‎\"A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.\" - Paul Cezanne"
"Told some geeky ass nerdy lookin' peope to go look up the song ' i'm tasty' by pink dollaz. Hahaa, they in for a treat, ♥"
"Who are You & Why are You FOLLOWING ME?"
"Love it! RT : I didn’t ask if you like it. I asked if the audience will."
"Danny Green has 15 points. Tim Duncan has 8. The Spurs lead the Blazers 56-37 with 2:24 left in the half."
"hello Sierra! How r u???"
"Day 3 of caffeine detox round 2..."
"very similiar questions i'm discussing on my FB wall."
"They think they know better than us. How elitist! Also, I know better than them. Not elitist."
"We do know that no one gets wise enough to really understand the heart of another, though it is the task of our life to try. -L. Erdrich"
"I wanna buy a Dress to my mummy><haha"
"Likewise! So great to meet you and learn more of your story. An exciting time for you and Filament. My best & lets stay in touch!"
"Thanks so much!"
"Vanessa Hudgens is perfect"
"Omg, bunnies! <3"
"#HowLongCanIKeepThisUpFriday? A good while longer."
"DO NOT CRY, JUST SAY FUCK UP AND SMILE !! =]"
"“ I lightweight did too much tonite now a mf gone be sprung”"
"Snowtrails TV from for the American Archive Inventory! #snowmobiling in the #upperpeninsula of #Michigan!"
"um, who is you doctor?"
"I don't judge. I still love Woody Allen after Soon-Yi."
"these little boys messin with you!?"
"- I wish I could put some of the stuff I have up..."
"Been living out of a suit case since pops past. It's time to clean it out & repack. Multitasking watching Kyle XY Season 3."
"that's generally when he starts shooting."
"Under BISG rules should be much higher? RT : Bowker: It works out that e-books were 11.77% of total ISBN assignments in 2011."
"I need to start eating breakfast"
"That keening you hear is that of Ken Starr being hoist on his own petard."
"it is black and has Einstein and relativity theory on it"
"Me and possibly puttin it down tonight at Club 906!!"
"My EX Still Wanna Work Things Out , HELL NO..I Wanna Find Someone NEW ;) <3"
"Life would be boring as fuck if there was no music."
"hey girl. I miss you. If you're not doing anything tonight, i'm looking for a movie buddy!"
"Just touched down at LAX"
"no diggity, no doubt ch'all"
"“: LOVE IT!!! Hope mine is awesome like yours!” It will be better I am geeking out:)"
"Yes I have to work and stay busy. Need the exercise. Wear respirators all the time."
"Like Events? Like Having Fun? You better #FF , ,"
"what you got boy is hard to find, i think about it all the timee ♥"
"On one level, I think there's a critique about TV body politics (re: nudity, sexposition) 1/2"
"Sounds like a good combination to make things happen. :)"
"wowza just saw this, awesome. except that \"smoothie\" looks kind of narst."
"this weekend!!"
"oh oh reaally, why thank you"
"\"let this (tactic) pose a challenge to our news media which is in crisis\" #KONY2012 SOFAS panel"
"Good morning, Carina! It's good to see you."
"going out enjoy the day. !!!!!! gorgeous out. lets enjoy what we have/want:join www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com.. look forward to chatting!"
"Yogi Berra~ The future aint what it used to be."
"gotta write a 26 line poem by 1st period tomorrow... sigh..."
"why wouldn't he, youngest coach to win super bowl and dresses up for TV...."
"Me too! He's one of my faves too. I'd pay to watch him read the paper. :) He's wonderful! BTW, your blog is beautiful..."
"A lady asked to take my photo in the lobby. Of course Vine said Yes! :-))"
"How do you know when you're out of invisible ink?"
"She ain't a killer, but she'll fucking blow your head off"
"Absolutely! He's w/u! ;) RT : Thanks for your last tweet! I needed to be reminded today that God's power is always greater. :-)"
"bitch, shut up."
"The mind is a crazy thing."
"She has one herself though. She will say that never happened to her"
"\"Most amazing bbq sandwiches I've had in San Francisco! Thank you Memphis Minnie's\" - Thank You Iann I."
"thanks for the support and follow timmy costco is that super savings store that you have to love and check out"
"Obama signs #Rothman bill renaming Little Ferry post office after fallen Marine Sgt. Matthew Fenton"
"Lemme check my stash . . Let's see what I'm finna cheef on !"
"Lmao. World Peace is going off"
"I Really Should Be Sleep."
"Can't believe how excited I get during my hs rival games still while I'm coaching hahaha 😁🎉⚾ great game today guys ! So proud 😄"
"I'm performing with Spence @ The Viper Room in West Hollywood, CA! - 03/20 - Tickets Available @ www.MySpence.Com/Tickets"
"Morning hair appt... Woo who! gosh I love the neck & head massage!!"
"Trying Americano in Bratenahl for the first time next week. Have you been? What did you like/not like?"
"Another beautiful day to help collect signatures! Someone's looking out for #ward5se candidates! N Brookland. Call 202-800-1232 to help!"
"NFL SUNDAY! Wear Your Team Gear and Get a FREE GIFT with $20 donation ALL DAY LONG! Full Menu WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy!!! ;)"
"My cat didn't spend all those years in medical school for people to say, \"Aww isn't Mr. Kitty so cute!\"."
"Notice that those in the Bible are recognize 4 what they did not what they had!"
"smh at him."
"Will be in LA for the film festival screening of \"Rape Kit\" Aug 11-18. All West Coast friends must attend!"
"Come cheer on the #KNICKS tonight with us !!!! Who do you think will be the star player in tonights game?"
"Gm stylist,braiders, makeup, educators, braiders, business owners and more follow hair show in Miami vendors space available"
"Aww, this #fakeMAtowns #fakeMAtown thing is making me homesick. Does Worcester count? No one knows how to pronounce it so it's barely real."
"what do they wear for we-still-smoke-in-the-capitol month?"
"not sure what happened but I restarted it a couple times and eventually got it to play. Thanks."
"Having my mom in town puts me in the best mood. Even when I'm working al day"
"I believe you're right, thank you spotify!"
"Twitter's suggested I follow the Milwaukee Police. LOL! LSD!"
"Come Park at Peachy Airport Parking. We can give you a VIP Card. Also when your restaurant opens we can co-brand. We r srvng intl"
"Ephraim, great to e-meet you… thx for connecting. glad you're a B's fan!"
"I hate these twats that quote Ghandi and shit on their Tweets/Myspace/Facebook etc.. GET OVER YOURSELF!!! FUCK YOU!"
"Still feel like a dumbass for calling when I saw him walking downtown yesterday :/"
"Me and are going to move to Washington D.C. and get a job at Nando's."
"\"Feet: the hands of the south of you.\""
"\"for a minute there I lost myself.\""
"Super Excited about TONITE - - on Deck"
"sure thing!"
"you guys are the best haha c:"
"I voted for Best Kiss #movieawards kristen stewart and robert pattinson ahah"
"Lumet's debut 12 ANGRY MEN (1957) is still absolutely riveting. Especially love Lee J. Cobb and E.G. Marshall in it."
"starving right now. who wants to send me a cupcake."
"Zumba then off to the park with baby bug 😃"
"“: \"I think the city that we’re from just kinda ruined things.. It’s such a small place, not much to do but talk and listen\"”"
"he's cute but I don't like him!..... And do you not like me because I'm nice and I didn't do anything to you :("
"&quot;How to create a mindset in students that you need to be vulnerable? How to mix confidence &amp; humbleness?&quot;"
"in Houston tomorrow if you want to grab a coffee in the afternoon. I'll be downtown."
"Rosey come bk soon, but need'm in Aug RT No surgery recommended for De La Rosa. Best-case scenario is that he's back in 4-6 wks."
"Well Thankyou very much! Its shipping out for you today! Youre gonna love it!"
"The task of leadership is not to put greatness into people, but to elicit it, for the greatness is there already"
"where you headed in Indiana?"
"Where gloves"
"I really really REALLY don't want to go to lifegaurd training."
"happy happy !!"
"From First to Last or Skrillex"
"noo it will totally fit easily but its just not as big as the main stage"
"not sure if i could've told you that, but i could certainly reaffirm that assumption now"
"I love this pic too! The Knuck is one of my favorites."
"what happend to your last acct?"
"Paradise Garage party coming July 22nd at District 36. Mark your calendars #LarryLevan bday,"
"We're so glad you're having fun with the Pirate course! :)"
"Why didn't Fredi Gonzalez get thrown out of games in September to ignite his team? That is what good managers always do during a bad slump."
"Soon enough...there is nothing like those late nights!"
"Hope it wasn't your accident. If it was, hope you're alright."
"Whats up #twitter #tweeters!"
"Looking for the best cafe in Wicker Park? Look no further than #alliancebakery on Division. Seriously, don't go anywhere else. BUT REALLY!"
"That's great! One of these days, there will be a fairy-tale post, and you won't even realize it."
"We're agreeing on a lot lately. Kind of scary."
"am wondering what they mean when they say \"recovery\"? What recovery? Whose recovery? Where is this happening?"
"Save the Date.....Invtation...Cake....DJ...Photography......Wedding Stuff!!!!"
"RT I'm always the worst when things are the best. I think I'm just afraid of being happy."
"Good morning. Thank you for shopping with us this Tuesday morning."
"There Will Be Blood in my pants"
"what is your thoughts on air brush make up? Have you ever tried it?"
". is learning to tweet and everyone can see this"
"#Bills would have an easier sell of Vince Young if they said \"Former Madden Cover Boy\" working out for team"
"Radio interview for 'One Long Day' went well tonight."
"#PopUps EXPECT DELAYS multimedia #art #installation by V Bonet @ 630 Main & PRIMITIVE POP SERIES by R Robinson @ Broadway/9th"
"To my fellow Mexicanos it's perfectly ok to get White boy/girl drunk today on Cinco De Mayo but only today, no mames güey!"
"Wow! Wow! Awesome!"
"Panama...or at your brothers?"
"im so tired, have a headache :( goodnight Austin <3 i love you"
"is on tomorrow from 1-2PM. We'll ask about his new TV project and anything else you want to know."
"OK. I'm intrigued. Went from being \"meh...I'll see it\" about this film to \"yeah, I can't WAIT to see this!\""
"same shit I just said"
"I NEED ANY TYPE OF PRODUCERS OUT THERE TO SEND YA BOY SOME BEATS ! SEND EM TO THANKS,WILL BE CREDITED!"
"So i try to text andrea wouldnt let me wtf"
"Can't even explain how much love I'm feelin' for you!<3"
"thanks you so much for your support, Donovan. You rock!"
"Bazooka Joe (aka Corey Hart) with a nice grab in chilly Wrigley Field"
"It's not the number of words you use to express yourself, but the quality of the words and the passion guiding them."
"How did she get in the arena? I'm assuming she was banned at some point."
"Corpus Christi bound 👍🎸"
"lol don't think too much outside the box"
"hang in there bro. We won for you tonight."
"Why pay for porn sites when there's Tumblr? LOL"
"Jenica Rogers: It's not OK: to not get Facebook, copyright, publishing when you're a librarian"
"And tonight I'm on the brown like Bobby is"
"Dear Twitter: Stop recommending me to follow Arsenal players. I don't care about that wank club, or it's wankeriffic players. Thanks."
"I see what you did there, #Fiesta2012 video at #NIOSA showed a guy in a shirt! #KCCO !"
"Travel safe. Tread lightly walkways can be tricky. Thanks MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore."
"glad you clarified. Otherwise, noone would come."
"We were closed yesterday, our lunch hours are Tue-Fri, 11-2:00 PM. Terribly sorry for the confusion. How was your anniversary?"
"So happy Gus Johnson is calling this game right now"
"Will be attending the Digital Signage & KioskCom conventions at Mandalay Bay this week."
"Tweet quality > Tweet quantity."
"Kicking off RUI at Sheffields in just a couple of minutes - get on down here if you aren't already!"
"Grow food not war? Hmm.... lul.."
"Thank you for the birthday note. Wayne sez hi"
"Twizzlers or red vines?"
"Home sweet home. Night, Twitter."
"Just RSVP'd 2 attend Norman Buckley Q&A @ my favorite acting teacher's plc. Wed.4/14:30PM Two Lights Studio.Luv h/sis 4 long time!who knew"
"I have no patience dumbass"
"are you trying to knock this out today still"
"i'm only into guys who grab their crotch region in pictures. it's just my thing."
"being a DUCK fan and also a STEELERS fan made it bitter sweet to watch!"
"RT : Extra daylight more than makes up for a lost hour of sleep."
"And I can't wait to see your work in person soon!"
"No ricky, No Pek, No J.J. NO PROBLEM. Some Monday morning greatness."
"You know, now that I pay for my own ziplock baggies again.... I'm down for reusing them."
"go to ground floor, exit, take elevator back up."
"no interest in seeing you in any jersey other than your 22 eagles one"
"people watching at departures gates is good fun...but waiting at the arrivals gate is even better... seeing people greeting each other a ..."
"Downside of being a vampire --being unable to use devices with capacitive touch screens."
"eww listening 2 mamma mia film soundtrack.y did they let so many bad singers on. saw it twice on stage so movies bit disappointing."
"Fill in the blank: The best gift I’ve ever received was ______."
"Ben, thx a lot man. Been a pretty crazy year. Gone through a lot. Hustled hard to finish senior year tho... finals are a wrap"
"People screwing people over <<<"
"RT \"Don't find fault, find a remedy.\" - Henry Ford"
"My sissy being sick<<<<<"
"28 days left? Ok"
"Thank you for the kind comments!"
"Good eyes & great catch! 's song title has been updated. Thanks for the tweet & thanks for watching!"
"Hello going out to \"12\" new likes today!! Welcome to our Facebook page!!"
"Thanks for the retweet. Blessings ^staff"
"ok. You're going in the wrong direction for me to offer you a ride then."
"75 minutes of cardio done and meal 1 down... counting down until meal 2... seriously starving =("
"This gave me a little heartleap of joy! Let's connect this week. Wednesday am and between 2-5 is flexible for me."
"#itsCrazyHow you left me just like that.."
"I was called Hitler in elementary"
"There's only so many times when I'm willing to try until I just say fuck it. I'm now at that point"
"Um I seem to be the only person here tweeting =/"
"oh why does tonight suck"
"Many Thanks Greg! I hope you and the team are enjoying #NYC and"
"#TGIF - any fun plans this weekend?"
"getting ready for tonights show with and more. #Al'sBdayBash"
"getting ready for chruch and then were having lunch on the grounds so ill see you guys later(: <3"
"Bitch jump off the inner harbor bridge and play with the three eyed fish"
"its an honor to have you following us! Thank you!"
"god I can't wait to see that, afterwards I'm driving from the theatre straight to the gym"
"hell naw you know we got y'all this time its payback in the bay"
"I like dude!"
"There's a thin line between \"I should tweet about that\" and \"I should talk to a therapist about that.\""
"Yo, missed you today at class"
"Business needs to come from the heart says"
"People tweet their business all the time but I don't see tweets about brushing teeth. You people are gross bad breath losers"
"Playing with the big dogs"
"My favorite Disney movies are Tarzan, Aladdin, and for some reason, the Little Mermaid."
"Do they still do tea?"
"farming them retweets again you faggot"
"haha yeah when ever you want!"
"You mean that Tabasco sauce isn't supposed to be all over the floor"
"someone in baltimore won the jackpot? they could literally buy baltimore and still have a little something something left over."
"ive been good could be better and in the dumps sometimes but still getting there thanks for asking hows your life?"
"WARNING: this film MAY contain nudity. Either there is or there isn't, don't waste my time."
"Love this movie. Minimalist dialogue. A homage to the mountain men that explored this country in search of peace and solitude."
"I will when I get them!"
"Yeah, it's pretty tight, not gonna lie, keep up the good work!"
"At the damn dentist :("
"Saved by a miracle today. Only God could have pulled this one off. Thank you"
"follow her she's a recording artist!"
"So the NCAA tournament brackets have been revealed!!!! We'll be seeing our stud 2012 kids there next season"
"what was wrong? Iove you...."
"Happy B day Dahhhhlin"
"Yum <3 Nate Archibald"
"were you at the show last night?"
"are your handwriting skillz as atrophied as mine? … breathe ..."
"Most of the people I know crave attention but end up embarrassing themselves trying to get it"
"Oh, I so need a glass of wine tonight. No, not glass. Bottle."
"we love you bro. so much love"
"Shout out to for being so awesome"
"I think my favorite performance from the #BTWBall was Scheiße. The choreography was OUTSTANDING!"
"Just used the phrase \"Option One\" in an email. *shudders*"
"Hope everyone has a great weekend!"
"Girls night with !"
"It's true. I hope you didn't have any mouse droppings in your desk."
"why is she telling me what to do. i wanted to talk to you, not her."
"ha ha! My American born 16yo offspring asked me today what a \"minger\" was. Took some explaining..."
"'The only thing, u want us 2 occupy is a spot in the unemployment line! U call urself an American- that's somethin' u earn!'-DBS"
"HAHAHA. Oh the joys technology has brought us."
"lol, yes I did and yes you are, but I couldn't pass up that offer. ;P"
"RT : Need to revise your job search strategy or even create one? Job Search Cram Sessions this week, April 25 (5pm) & 26 (11..."
"Kids are sleeping and I am thankful for some writing time :)"
"Pure happiness is like finding a public restroom with really nice toilet paper. It's rare, but it happens."
"murder suicide =/= the hood"
"Thanks a ton Bismarck, ND! We had a blast! ...and we made it back alive!"
"Wait how do you know? Miss NMSU! haha"
"Now the look like geniuses after decides to punch shit! 100 millon dollar bro & you act that way? lose the rows"
"Happy Friday Everyone! Want to dine with us tonight? Call to reserve a table (414) 225-0000"
"Looking for curb appeal on your new listing ?Call Mr.D's painting.A fresh coat of paint WILL catch some bodies eye before you can say SOLD !"
"And with the first overall pick in the rapture draft.....God chooses......Randy \"Macho Man\" Savage! OOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhh Yeeeaaaaaaaaahhhh!"
"Damn Rampage...I really wanted u to win...youre 1 of my favs of all time...but gotta give Bader his props. Good fight"
"Mahalo KF. See you & K next week! Aloha."
"my bestfriend makes me smile to much! but its a good thingg!< 3"
"That weed is shitty its all shitty colored and dead lookin oh wow I actually thought candy bar dude was cool but his weed ain't"
"Time heals almost everything. Give time, time.."
"u should listen to the atreyu version of that song..."
"#UWM Rick Costello athletic director steps down"
"And more meetings. Lots and lots of meetings. :)"
"The things I do 4 him he just don't understand or do the same it's like he's not there 4 me anymore "
"Did you even bring them with you?"
"congrats Tristan. Can't wait to see what's next."
"i saw your sister at the y haha"
"You too! Always a learning experience when working with you."
"~ very nice to meet you -- love Roman Sandals.....looking forward to your tweets...DJ"
"Auction details to be released soon!"
"Sorry, it costs more than $2 to learn an accent. Go to Youtube & see if there is a video teaching the accent. I don't have one"
"My car runs on gas, not friendship. So pay the fuck up."
"hey boo. Hope you're well!! Miss your face :)"
"Congrats & happy anniversary!"
"Ah, just saw Belvo lost to clongowes in the leinster schools senior rugby 43-10 :("
"#ndpl most (69%) don't know if their public library's digital collection is ADA compliant"
"in the spirit of Frey, isn't the right thing to do to complain about aspects of his work without having read him?"
"enjoyed the show last night! Nice pitch"
"was up was up"
"Watching Meet the Press with Kinsley."
"you know my style, i'll do anything to make you smile."
"kids are working on both their laptops and the school computers...that's a problem. Printing issues?"
"You're welcome, Chris!! Nothing says love like a warm, chocolate chip cookie!"
"We're working on it. RT : put some of that clear10 in Akron!"
"all is well grandfather, your presence is requested in the form of a visit for this summer."
"aww James! You will get one! We promise!"
"saskatoon, eh? nice. they're looking for local, though (should have said that going in). sorry."
"whoa ru having a baby?!"
"mane aint saw dem n a min lol"
"Wait you live here in Miami? Well let me check! I'll tell you in a bit! (:"
"Kernel Panic! Help me Roy!"
"Love it! Here's the work email: , have a fabulous weekend!"
"Nothing like watching a #Wishes video to get psyched for my dream internship interview!"
"#knicks...you guys are getting killed."
"Ok im up.... good morning"
"#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i didnt use it for a long time...."
"Not nearly as exciting as watching me! RT: I'm watching you too !!"
"Jealous! Where u at? Definitely in June when I'm back."
"Running on 4hrs of sleep."
"RT : Tied nick carchidi's shoes together backwards"
"History lovers, computer lovers, come to Hagerty Library tonight for the opening of \"Access Everywhere: Computing at Drexel, 1984-present.\""
"how the fuck can I stay focused when its blood n my eyes"
"We did that for a while but found that short surveys didn't provide enough nuance. Will reformulate at some point."
"I worked out 4-hrs a day everyday...b4 going to Jamaica! ...and since...meh!!! Not so much! ....so I'm going for a RUN!!! #don'tJudgeMeh"
"the 2nd thing is *turns into gushy fan* What a trip 2 actually talk 2 u (ifs its u..lol) I LOVE your work!.evatalk to McNichol?"
"I #HATE when people try to make and be what their not........ You only got #OneLife so why waste it not being YOU......."
"Yall Need To Start Following Back !"
"try porcinis in louisville when you get back. Pitino gives it rave reviews."
"Why do thesse chinese people follow me?."
"Planning a December Flashmob. Stay tuned.."
"Doing a dental clinic them free pet pics at the shop today!!! WOOF!"
"As long as you're the first dude that uses it. Lol."
"Happy birthday a day early! Spring break- what a fun way to celebrate your day! :)"
"yeah. I'm not lying. Once you post the tour dates, I'll coincide a Sox game."
"wife swap reruns >"
"Booking for Red Digital Cinema. Shoots tomorrow. Amazing."
"Writing about the Meditationes vitae Cristi in 15th c. England. Carthusians, Birgittines, and lay readers. Oh my!"
"Only those who have the passion for playing can truly succeed as game testers"
"are gonna be on iCarly and SNL on April 7th.... IM GONNA HAVE THE BEST BIRTHDAY EVER!"
"And on that note I think it's time to try and meditate... else I'll never sleep! This mind of mine would never shut down if it had its way!"
"\"The secret of getting ahead is getting started.\" ~Mark Twain"
"I can feel you forgetting me... ~Charlie St. Cloud"
"she was there for two weeks and called in all the time then just walked out and quit :/"
"#np im gone- tyga feat big sean"
"Good D, Atlanta."
"Fathers send their sons to college either because they went to college or they didn't."
"Aaaahhhh ... I'm feelin' the caffeine running through my veins ,stimulating my brain as I pause my movie to let you know ....."
"“I can heal the whole world by working with one human being, and that is me.” - Byron Katie."
"MURDER SHE WROTE 2 KOMING SOON ON YOU NIGGAZ"
"MT \": I believe the two greatest inventions of man are central air and the attached garage (a necessity where it snows!)\""
"gotta get on my homework. night now."
"thanks for ruining the movie. Now I know why it's called Sixteen Candles."
"I'm workin' on it Hilary! :-)"
"Blood red moon tonight. Must be the end of the world."
"wow thanks"
"I heart my #KANGEN water."
"Erudition - dust shaken out of a book into an empty skull. Ambrose Bierce"
"It just doesn't matter that it's been 100 years. \"Concerning the Spiritual in Art\" is still the shit."
"had one of the best niqhts of my life last niqht at prom<3"
"#YeahILoveThat my mom turns up the volume whenever is on the radio. C:"
"that's balance."
"If you are not following us on Facebook, please do. We are having a contest for the closet score to the Superbowl. Winner gets a free ride"
"Tomorow Pool Party ! What else ! 32 degrees on Paris !!"
"Hines Ward beat up Kirstie Alley for dancing? That's horrible!"
"Thanks for the support!!"
"Occupy Portland stopped at Verizon store. Headed south on Broadway"
"RT : I can't give up, although I'm hopeless, I think my mind's gone. All I can do is get my grind on."
"we r a nonprof that supports public art in SD would love to support the project or document the finished piece DM us an email"
"Thanks to all your wonderful staff for a great event today!"
"was hit by a car in a hit&run as a pedestrian...tore my shoulder all up, my surgeon had 2 put humpty dumpty back 2gether ha"
"I'm so sad bout Whitney.i want 2 say Gone too soon but i no: our steps are ordered by the lord.. whitney Elizabeth Houston - Well Done! RIP"
"bullpen? demotion? trade?"
"One day, i hope you look back at what we had and regret every single thing you did to let it go."
"Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad."
"Bruises by Train"
"I WAS THERE FOR THAT. ASAP MOB WAS TURNT UP POURED UP"
"Who? Your Doctor?"
"DLC codes for Mt. Eddie & the classic character pack? I have SSX for 360 & PS3. Been a fan since Tricky."
"Awww!! This made me smile :) just when you think there's no hope for Houstonians.. One of them buys you fried chicken "
"I want a personalized tag for my car. ISQRTREMY...THAT'S HOT HUH?"
"I'm ready"
"You'll definitely be hearing from us!"
"that's tru"
"Excited about the Google/James Cameron led asteroid mining project. It's about time rich people did something cool with all that money"
"Thank you to all of my followers for spreading the word on this #FF. #GoPackGo! Is it football season yet!?"
"man, 3 OTs for a loss. painful. RT : YOOOO! Just saw my man on tv at the Heat-Hawks game!"
"The picture, unless it just would have made sense if I weren't already stuck on the idea that it was a collar!"
"sittin here watching"
"No, I might be. Thanks!"
"Hi Randy! How's the training going today?"
"I love your twitter bio! Haha ♡"
"we shall see!"
"In need of some iced coffee before my fucking head explodes"
"yah that's sucks.."
"THEY ALL KNOW! THEY ALL KNOW! ah foi mt foda."
"you will always be little Romeo to me"
"ur not it's fine"
"slight weight loss? That freaken rocks! Almost 6 lbs! I am down 3 lbs. 12 to go."
" “: All of these anti-science GOP candidates go to faith healers when they get sick instead of seeing medical doctors, right?”"
"thanks! always love to hear from the ol hood! and happy weekend to you too!"
"Hey Guys I need followers because I hit my 2000 following limit Please retweet and spread my name THANKS!"
"Frank Robinson statue unveiled at Camden Yards today..Hank Aaron was there"
"Coworker: You act?, Me: Yes., Coworker: Did you have to makeout?, Me: Not while I was acting, but I've made out with other actors..."
"Private party show this Saturday...Jerry interview on Class X Radio next Tuesday...Kill Devil Hill show next Saturday"
"What is up with these teen girls wearing pantyhose looking tights? Not wearing a shirt over it. Very Hoochie - you can see it all girls."
"don't forget brain soup, brain nachos, fried brain, brain lo mien, pickled brain, brain omelet, beer battered brain..."
"no nevermind. i'd never do that."
"Thank you, Maurice Sendak, for inspiring the \"wild thing\" in us all. You'll be missed!"
"Not allowed to play that song friday."
"RIP Junior Seau..You were a great Patriot.."
"LET'S GET THE PARTY STARTED IN HERE!"
"We'll announce our prize #winners tomorrow! Enjoy your day! Happy Mother's Day!"
"So tired! I'm coverd in dirt from hunting and playing! Fixing to get in the shower! Ttyl(:"
"we have those behind the back shots with spins lol . And the legendary #ghostserve lol"
"lol na uh its never too late fore ice cream ...thankfully I have a high metabolism :p"
"For AFA, having service academy game on CBS is a huge, huge deal in many ways. Kickoff time doesn't matter. Would be same w/ ESPN"
"OMG did I just win free cupcakes! Today is the best day ever!!!!!"
"Video coming?"
"It's Make Up Your Own Holiday Day! \"If you cannot be the poet, be the poem.\"-David Carradine It's going to be a LATE night finishing paper!"
"Yes, laughter would be good about now (and so would lemondrops)."
"Raw Nerve is on Netflix Streaming! I am home after surgery, on pain pills...my life is complete"
"on the road all day for work... putting he miles on the Suzuki!"
"fine. But for the record, get your money ready"
"Um, that has to be a travel or a foul."
"The ticket is $118 dollars :)"
"Sometimes scheduling an exec car can be cheaper than taxis! Esp. during tourist seasons."
"Reserve seats now for tonight's Thunder vs. Jazz. Shuttle to the Arena from Edmond and Norman and back for only $15 per passenger! 447-2446"
"Happy Birthday OZZY... Hope your day is as special as you are... Barb & Bruce"
"Up up away"
"New phone number..... Inbox me for it..."
"Just found out that is having a conference in May in Orlando. How sweet that I can be there via simulcast in my home!"
"Why do wrinkle creams use way-too-young-to-ever-have-wrinkles aged models? Annoying."
"Follow Back <3"
"There ain't no reason you and me should be alone!!"
"FRIDAY NIGHT AND NOT A DAMN THING TO DO"
"true true. See ya tomorrow brother!"
"hm. Hadnt read that. Damn."
"dubba dubba dubba.. man i miss him like crazy. It kills me to know hes never coming back /:"
"Know, first, who you are;​ and then adorn yourself accordingly. ~Epictetus"
"I guess they taste like Cheetos lol"
"I know you dont want me to leave but when i come back im all yours if you're still around... Promise"
"Out with Hanover/Bates neighbors on their weekly safety walk."
"Mother's Day is this weekend.... stop in to pick up the gift of relaxation.... relax mom."
"Barry Hinson: \"I just witnessed the best practice I've seen in 4 years on staff at Kansas. I'm ecstatic about how focused we were.\""
"that's awesome! I think I should get a Beyond tattoo next haha"
"Build jumps in a field!!!:)"
"Thanks for all the new follows on Twitter -"
"has #Irish_Moxie ! Irish Moxie is the 21st century nectar of the gods."
"Tom, I'm not too excited about severe chances for us. Dew points will be very low."
"did you roger that? cacacopy cat?"
"RT Post Xmas exercise regime underway. Ciara 2 (walks) - Chocolate kimberleys 20. Hm...still some way to go"
"if I would I could!!"
"Hanging at the UPub before I head to the game. It is like the UMass version of the BU Pub, but has better lighting and a pool table."
"that it does my friend"
"yeats? It's been a fort night I thought haha"
"In non-sports news, SAG and AFTRA have merged. Movie mavens rejoice."
"I know! Sign of how old we are getting!! :-)"
"crazy stuff in tpa."
"told you man!!!"
"This teacher what he hell are we watching????????????"
"sounds good man, thanks and will do"
"wondering why it is people insist on calling 911 for tooth pain thats been going on since sunday and you cant wait til tomm for the dentist"
"I think there's a certain upbringing that's lost today… it's a shame. Then again, I fail at eating with a fork all the time. :)"
"It is difficult when you reach an age your older brother will never reach. I love you Eddie and think of you often."
"if your legit you shouldn't have to fake it until you make it because you'll be there in the end regardless"
"Done with Subject tests. :)"
"Frat boys screwed up on their scheduling date so we now have one bus available tomorrow night at deeply discounted rate. 447-2446"
"Just voted!"
"If it wasn't for my cuz talkin shid I woulda never thought of u 1st u had a #BADD reputation now u should never sho yo #face n public"
"I do"
"Its all about Jesus, not religion. ~ We have seen and testify that the Father has sent the Son to be the Savior of the world. ~ 1 Jn 4:14"
"hey jersey what's up"
"Bases loaded on mothers day? Where's Cervelli?"
"Damn straight! I want my push button dinner dispenser. And Rosie."
"Be safe Sheriff."
"Are you watching SNL?"
"Who remembers sailor moon"
"Hello, I'm Whitney. I just wanted to introduce myself. And say I followed b/c I respect & applaud your mission. Thank You!"
"Yup yup its love girl! Enjoy your day!"
"In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally"
"Ugh, the words I would call you if I weren't kind of scared of you."
"not if I kick back! :)"
"Grizzlies coming home tied at one game each with the Thunder. Time to get down to Grizzness boys"
"We love ! Be sure to check out their music Chick fans!!"
"Good job on snapping the photo. I always forget to turn the sound off of the camera. I think it's a funny sound to have still."
"All that stress and worry, and it turned out great anyway, again."
"y'alls voices give me chills. <3"
"The SJFC students have the camera's rolling. We are capturing the whole day on video!"
"no because im going to be there for you ♥"
"OH: \"I thought for sure 's job at was to model his hair for logo updates.\""
"What can't you wit for bestie?(:"
"Vincent Castronovo Is The Meaning of H.o.t"
"I live this shit"
"“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” - Albert Einstein"
"oh.. Don't know. Just have tix 4 2nite but if plans change we'll make sure to say Hi"
"I will be watching the Knicks vs Miami Heat later tonight"
"Stuff is really getting hectic! God moves fast!"
"Online shopping is the death of my bank account."
"Fun fact! ... More Young Workers Enter Facility Management Profession as Average Annual Compensation Nears US$100,000"
"I sent my solution to the Public Health Plan problem to Obama. Guess what? It'll work. It even supplies a way to pay for it. No new taxes."
"Do you already have the perfect Holiday gift for that 'special someone'? A new Ford vehicle would be the perfect gift! Stop at Freedom Ford…"
"“God does speak—sometimes one way and sometimes another—even though people may not understand it.” Job 33:14 (NCV)"
"From Oz...Curtent weather conditions in ABQ dictate that everyone in the truck change to shorts...expected high of 79"
"Maintenance Tip from our Service Manager: Your Air Conditioning Unit will not work if the temperature outside is below 65 degrees."
"That income tax was declared unconstitutional."
"Excellent starting place. If you want to host an aspiring Wikipedian let me know.We'll learn together. :)"
"Hilton Head in ten days.... Time to get real serious about this beach bod"
"I'm looking forward to interview this week with , which recently announced sponsorship for"
"\": prayers and hugs to you....\"Thank you so much Love ♥"
"Wherever you go, whatever you do, I will be right here waiting for you."
"Watched The Violin by Francisco Vargas ....beautiful Mexican film"
"Congratulations Jo! Great news!"
"EightysWorld2 out now!!! New video coming soon!!!!"
"#20bandsilove Black Eyed Peas"
"sad sad movie lol"
"Thanks for following guys!! Check out some of our videos and music at reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers"
"haha no problem and yea I know you hate that question >.< lol and um have you been to any parties lately :P ?"
"@ perry, this time I read it and thought examination, inquiry, scrutiny, and research"
"It would mean the world to me and my 2 wonderful daughters if you picked me please?!?!"
"Someone come see me"
"thanks for spreading the word - hope you can make it! :)"
"The pleasure was all mine - what a fabulous day!"
"if amps only had a number greater than 10"
"Seeking a Law #Librarian in #NYC! Contact me for details."
"What's a good movie to see in the theater??"
"is it possible to get your email? Very detailed questions"
"I don't like my enqlish class -__-"
"School tomorrow :P who is pumped for summer!!"
"I already miss the pungent melange of fryer grease, cheap domestic beer, piss, vomit, Axe Body Spray & desperation from O'Sheas."
"Bang bang bang bang"
"Hell is the DMV. You couldn't pay me enough to work here."
"been there bumped that."
"Turkey could invoke NATO assistance since it is a member, and can request support for processing refugees, border patrols and defense"
"Looking for a great place to workout? Look no further than ! Come in for a 10 day free pass!!"
"Yes!!! She's so obnoxious, and Derek Hough is greasy..."
"GF & I talked bout switching 2 Atheist DEM or INDEP doctor. SAD! Never till NOW did worry that Christian doc would lie and/or refuse care."
"It's especially weird because the app store/iPhone download mechanisms already support \"Over 17\" alerts on apps"
"thinking hard as hell....idk what to do so many things going through my head"
"I love to sing in the restroom.. It sounds better :)"
"Good morning world!!!"
"I'm doing that right now"
"I bet its because you haven't updated your avatar in a while."
"What time is that anyway? 7?"
"I cant do this by myself anymore"
"New Formula for movie picks: They bring it up on Doug Loves Movies & no one makes fun of it = Go see it."
"I think you'll really enjoy it! Please let us know what you think! Thanks!"
"yes? Theres 2. Did you not know this?"
"80 This Weekend! Forecaster Felton at NWS points out \"The last 80+ degree day in May (Sea-Tac) was 2009\". Now we're talking."
"My Life Has No Direction Without One Direction <3"
"It's like my new goal to save up for an indian headdress.."
"I want chocolate!!!"
"Great ballet class today! If you missed this one, Join us for the next one next monday at 5:45-6:45!!"
"Just saw the line up for Buzz Under the Stars...I cannot wait."
"Fraser says he really wants and cares about VP position"
"hay things are a little better today"
"Ageing Piech maintains iron grip on Volkswagen Ferdinand Piech's recent retreat from the limelight might be seen as a sign the Volkswagen"
"watching bad girls club!"
"Strive for perfection settle for excellence."
"I slept all of 45 minutes."
"Great book for people who wish to be more enlightened!"
"Finally a bio I am fully satisfied with: \"A Creative Craftsman, Engineer, & Artisan.\" That's totally me & I'll end it with that note. Night."
"AAPT .006 - still underground. Distribution news with Walmart due before April 1st. Check it out."
"Thanks for the support! RT : Looking for trusted service providers for your business/ start-up? Check out"
"So exciting that is here at for our annual arts festival! Our students are lucky to be creating their own plays."
"suck my head hahgaha"
"lol .... im glad you got jokes"
"snap your finger off? Hah I wanna know the story with them ears hah. Send me a dm"
"Who are some of your favorite dancers and dance companies you follow on ?"
"C-SPAN live 9:20-10am ET. Catherine Bradshaw on preventing bullying and youth violence in schools. Tweet ?'s to"
"3 golden globes"
"Meryl Streep is sauced, Jane Fonda's hair looks like a midwestern housewives."
"I'm gonna get my beaver stuck in the zipper."
"Being alone in a Tinychat is freakin' awkward. <.<"
"Did anyone in dance record the jazz combo?"
"It's 2012, #TheKilling. You don't get to go up to the gate without a ticket. Ridiculous."
"my universe will never be the same... I'm glad you came..."
"#almostonemoreweek til Hannah has no more friends! 👍 #sarcasm. I'm dreading the end of summer..... Ugh"
"gotta love ms.waldron..."
"(follow me, I'll follow you back)"
"My professor just posted: \"All outstanding work must be submitted by May, 13, 2014.\" So...I get two more years to finish this exam? AWESOME."
"Just a day, just an ordinary day, just tryin to get by"
"RT : It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. ~ Brian Tracy"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"ew, who left ass grapes in the fridge?"
"Stuck in Frisco."
"Today's verbal coupon: Tell your server the words \"Twitter Korean BBQ\" and we will give you a FREE Edamame Appetizer. Thanks for the follow!"
"will do☺😘"
"what's up sis! Just chillin"
"Requesting , , and T.O. time immediately. I cannot wait until June 2."
"Pacqiao would never catch Money if they fought."
"I dident take a nap today because I wanted to sleep at night but that shit dident work"
"I have my unconventional hat on today."
"we currently track analyses when they are created. That resets every day back to 0."
"Ohio is a nice place I have less stress here then in Los Angeles. Must be the fast pace, smog, traffic to many ppl. What I miss overpriced"
"My own personal day of atonement. Just reimbursed NY Public Library for book I borrowed & lost a few, err, years ago."
"Society About Minerals"
"#bolognese #wine and a movie...life is good!"
"Want to get a pickup truck and or conversion van just to have something in my life that is whimsically airbrushed."
"Young Adult is amazing. Phenomenal cast. Charlize Theron deserves an Oscar nomination."
"Well...that wasn't so hard... #Exhales ;-)"
"Tired af ready to go to da house n take me a nap 💤💤👍"
"Hi there RossRobinson"
"when my sister finally follows me >>>>>>>>>>"
"LOL. I thought of that alternative option once I hit \"Tweet\"."
"Forgot to ask me: “: Beer chicas out tonight: and (who'd I forget?)"
"NOW can we talk about bringing the troops home? Now can we, at last, consider redirecting resources to healthcare, education, green jobs?"
"Wow. Didn't know that. I'll have to check it out. Thanks!"
"Nice!! Have a great time buddy!!"
"I love boys"
"BIG GAME thur night. Honey Badger don't give a s# about Oranges!"
"It's a #fishtacos kind of day, dontcha think?"
"community meeting on the redevelopment of the closed down #RedVicMovieHouse Wed/7pm 1727 Haight Street"
"I wanna get my tragus done son ( :"
"Thanks for following me back. I would like to learn how to be act someday. <3<3<3<3"
"I want pancakes"
"I need a tight ship. But the inmates are running the asylum."
"Yup. Pissed me off during promo when ppl were saying Tommy couldn't play. Dumbasses don't know a thing about performing."
"Need a legal document served to a Registered Agent in Chihuahua, Mexico.....CALL US!!! 877-527-5737"
"great time at GoRealty Happy Hour! Now getting ready for #FriAt5 &"
"Thanks for sharing it, Elan! ^ac"
"Great news all around! Thanks so much for coming in."
"#first40songsonshuffle 5) California King Bed-Rihanna"
"Thanks, I think I'm ok now, though."
"Someone better get on skype before I go to sleep!"
"Happy St.Patrick Day:D This is my 100th Tweet!! Yay! :D"
"Dancing with the star <3 go Rob...."
"What a funny word, roads. Roooo- adds!! RT are you referring to the plot in the 1996 motion picture titled Black Sheep?"
"I'm glad we finally got to hang out 😘😘"
"im great just here in twitter tired"
"Life and family are great. Son just turned 7. Rocked a orange glaze pork tenderloin last night. #waytooexciting #feelinold ;-)"
"ha. When I crack open a lone star tonight, I will dedicate it to you. :)"
"my friend \"Tiny\" pointed out that this Knicks team hasn't had a full season or training camp together. U think that would help?"
"I don't procrastinate, i just strategically plan to not do homework until last minute when I'm a few hours older, and a few hours more wise."
"Let's go this weekend!"
"ohh yeah forgot to tell u. I have lost 40lbs on the #bizzydiet and dropped 10%bodyfat"
"Libyan government tanks and rockets have driven back rebels who attempted an assault on Moammar Gadhafi's hometown of Sirte. ww.tncnews.com"
"And i could only sell 2 out of the 5 books i bought back so if i had a gun.............."
"cut them locks."
"thank you! So glad you live in Chicago too!"
"i wish i could hire someone to give me a massage any time of day or night whenever i want it"
"Reach for the moon. If you fall short at least It's in your moments of decision you'll be among the stars. -Anthony Robbins"
"Hey Norm, have you talked to Artie lately?"
"right? west coast is slippin a bit right now."
"definitely made a mothers day song for his mom!"
"The one day I really just don't feel like doing anything I have to work.. of course."
"Well. All the better, then. :-) Thanks for the rec!"
"Fact: the minutes that pass between waking up and the first cup of coffee are each 120 seconds long."
"Just finished the show @ South Park Mall. It was nice to do a show in the AC. Ha :)"
"that bad feeling when there's something you should have done a month ago and you can't start it because you feel guilty"
"well I mean if you were on that iPhone swag you could facetime me."
"Nike stands by its product as the debate over whether #baseball bats caused #college power outage continues bizjournals.com/portland/morni…"
"You Ballin... But You Wearin A Walmart Swim Suit... Girl"
"inquired about lunch delivery \"actually we didn't see it on the computer screen, we'll give you a gift certificate or something\" umthanks"
"Thursday Night Special: Beef Cheek Sloppy Joe w/ Choice of Side!!! You know you want some..."
"Zelda's Lullaby So Sweet~~~~ Reason i love ocarina :-)."
"RT Seski go to Newport this day! Seski go Rogue Brewery and Agate Beach. You watch for SeskI!"
"At the wardroom with the XO and tweeps"
"You love me and I love you, your heart hurts, mine does too"
"\"Stay hungry. Stay foolish\"- Steve Jobs"
"methinks you have been slightly over trained"
"I live in a land of exhaustion. Well met."
"I love your bitch rants."
"Dancing to The New York Grove :D"
"Can you think of anything Portland would want, outside of CP3?"
"I would never do that to you.. marry me?"
"God was bored by him. ~ Victor Hugo"
"subbing in for DJ FREDX tonight. Ready...set...get down."
"lol im right here just dont be on here anymore. text me i need ur # again. i tried guessing but ut was the wrong number lol"
"I wish babe. I'm bored here too."
"if you havent heard them already... check out , they have great music so go do it right now!"
"Pollo Tres Chiles: grilled chicken breast topped with tangy bell pepper and jalapeno demi glaze!"
"Removing you from my mind was easy but removing you from my heart is nearly impossible"
"I'm so happy #UK won #8 but its so bittersweet. Its all over & our boys are leaving. Wish you guys all the best though!"
"Cleverness is not wisdom."
"Starting my M.A. in Public Relations at Ball State University!"
"We LOVE gettin emails sayin \"Your order has been shipped!\""
"Eternal hope: um"
"<3 you! Thanks for the"
"All thesse boys•"
"what r u up too ?"
"Waiting for a perfect beginning is worse than expecting a happily ever after, both in writing, and in life. Just dive in. Start anywhere."
"yo im in east bay you wanna hangout? lol never gets old!"
"that's random, now I'm gonna be looking for that product when i go shopping."
"Glad to be there! RT : We thank for coming out to this special board meeting on youth violence in Milwaukee."
"I will collect APUSH 20th Century projects on a website, use to review before exams next year."
"Thanks for coming! You are a beautiful model! :-)"
"Too good."
"It's my half-birthday :-D"
"#1Dfact harry says that one of the most romantic things to do with a girl is to take a bath with her with rose petals and candles."
"WHAT UP G, HOW'S THE LIFE!!"
"Dang the giants. Ugh I wanted the patriots to win.... Anyway GO BEARS!"
"Seriously I was just gonna ask a quick question."
"Its about to be 11:11 everybody get ready"
"Join Maestro @ 3:34 pm in front of ballroom CDE #astd10 to discuss : eLearning trends, what are you facing? Chocolate PROVIDED!"
"hell yeah! Lol too bad your far haha"
"METS game TONIGHT! So excited. :)"
"Watch it... I'll drop the gloves with you next time!! #C-A-P-S!!"
"just finished LEGEND by it was AMAZING!!"
"Dear Dessert Wine: I love you. R."
"We use all unclaimed certificates to wallpaper the Sun's paywall. No, we'll find a way to get 'em to the winners."
"It's raining."
"Only a couple of hours to open our Etsy shop! Aren't you excited? We are!!"
"My manager called in today. Oh hell no. Lol let me find out she went to the drake concert last night too && got all crazy hahah"
"Thanks to me.. RT : Oh, and got into the zoo for free."
"Happy mother's day, !"
"Fils de pute! MT : So excited to watch Game of Thrones that we put up with the French subtitles I accidentally downloaded."
"Who has two thumbs and gets a five-day weekend soon? This guy!"
"Umm hello? Can we get the party started (:"
"Thank you! Hopefully yours was still great (:"
"HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND TO ALL MY TWEETS!!!!!!!"
"*Side eyes*. Or personal beliefs. Same diff."
"Thanks for the follow - and thanks for your work with Levi Johnston ;-0"
"All teenage girls are obviously skanks. Yeah that's logical bro."
"where can we find the actual interview? The link that you provided lacked the good stuff. Thanks"
"Don't think so :( Pretty broke these days. Will you be there? Dallas is not all that far... have family there."
"Does she know about the times u used to hold me wrapped me in ur arms and how u told me im the only one...u had the BEST days of ur life"
"*raises hand*"
"I never lose sight of the fact that just being is fun. ~Katharine Hepburn"
"Joe Watkins: archaeologist take heritage and transform it into economically viable (indgenious populations viewpoint)"
"The eyes have it! 75% of you like to play up your pretty peepers more than any other facial feature. Shop online www.marykay.com/jhallinan"
"RT : Lol-- Thanks Tracy! /Which movie did you go see? (or are in the process of seeing?)"
"Best book I read this week: The Book of the Maidservant by Rebecca Barnhouse. funny, touching, adventurous Medieval pilgrimage story"
"I wanna marry a hot guy from Georgia."
"RIP Donna Summer"
"\"One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself.\" ~da Vinci"
"If you are not watching it, turn on the Iona/BYU game. Some crazy stuff going on in this game"
"Times come where you need to rank work and school over other things, this is the time"
"Mtv! In love with MUSIC!"
"pb, no j"
"You dream about, I make it happen cause I'm about it!, (Athlete talk baby!)"
"\"I've made a lot of mistakes, you're not one.\" :') <3"
"I cant wait til the day I dont see Rogers Centre anywhere on the #Buffalo Bills schedule"
"Congrats for turning \"A New Turn in the South\" into a James Beard Award!"
"Ahoy , thanks for serving up the fresh perspective on I hadn't considered your outlook on smaller rewards."
"I'm ready for an awesome round of the big football match! Go #mapleleafs! I hope there's a pop fly into the in-zone"
"Tonight I get to watch Sorcerer, one of my favorite movies!"
"Finally! Lol. If he's so consumed in his life affairs should I still persue him?"
"That was Good speech...."
"Great to have buddies who are pursuing fitness goals. We'll need to chat more to talk about progress."
"Someone needs to cine get this 10 year old while she's still alive..."
"bahahaha. #in1908 Henry Ford produces his first Model T automobile."
"In the middle of my little mess I forgot how much I'm blessed! PERFECT Easter service with my crazy little family ;)"
"Headed to Myrtle Beach... this will be my first experience recruiting in the \"Dirty South\"....leggoo"
"Hello, Albuquerque! This weekend is our biggest and best art show, the Weems Artfest, 25th Anniv., honoring artist Betty Sabo. Be there!"
"I have two hockey games and baseball practice for my older son. We also have a Scouting event most of the day on Saturday."
"Thanks. I'm keeping my fingers crossed."
"\"...a program I believe in.\""
"Omg #BelieveTour dates ? ♥ I need to be good now ;o"
"Vets Unite is Launching a New Site to help Vets get the Help they need. We need web help and donations. Email us if you can help!"
"Stay up late for her even when your tired"
"When your enemies are making mistakes, don`t interrupt them."
"Happy Birthday ( a little late ) !!! Have a safe trip ;)"
"lol, nope, creating a profile for my S.O...&then I get to the actual application&first thing it asks for is SSN...duh?"
"Tomorrow is my birthday,Im so excited,my wish is to meet you! 11:11!! <3"
"RT : Great time of yr for players to watch film/learn, etc... [yet most play AAU and learn nothing]"
"but you've left a representative in #ABQ to attend the Ski Swap for you this weekend I hope."
"FRENCHKISSING with the loved one aha.(: #swag!"
"fuck it going to sleep w/ my niece. #goodbye!"
"still waiting on my CDs! are you just not that into me?"
"Hey Derrick would love to be on the #microconf list! Thanks for creating this."
"Term that REALLY needs to change: \"birth defect.\" What are you saying?"
"Now the #Jets have two shitty quarterbacks."
"Love is the hidden message within all fear and pain, no matter how horrible they make you feel."
"Have you become a fan of our facebook page?"
"Scarf Bandanna | Womens Accessories"
"Now Ben Bentzin speaking about Interactive Health Technology. Fitness feedback systems for kids."
"Er sorry bro RT : Yeah! Love how the Jayhawks are looking RT Kansas shedding wood on the Horns early."
"Yet wildly popular. Happy B-day to both : Today is Twitter's birthday. Tomorrow is mine. We are both short and often irrelevant."
"Just realized i dont have socks for gym."
"I want this to be my tweet at 11 tonight! ---- : Flyers, Phillies, Union all win! It's a Philadelphia night!"
"Thanks to everyone who came out last night to Coles! Thanks to Coles! Thanks to the performers & DJs! Thanks to Jami Sailor! It was great!"
"The customer service is awful. Completely"
"where is there coverage of this? would love to read/hear more!"
"doing some rosetta stone before going to sleep tonight :) ...tomorrow gonna be a great day!"
"Develop business relationships with non-competing businesses in the same field"
"ALERT: Stop, Drop & Roll! RT USC will join 8.2 million across the state in the #GreatCaliforniaShakeout tomorrow."
"AWESOME COVER DUDE!!!! Great job! I love Green day lol...but my band mostly does sreamo."
"\"You'll be amazed how much government you'll never miss.\" - Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels. <-- More responsible people in govt like this!"
": cool house! likes the cabinets. >>> it's for sale you know... It'll be open Sunday 1-4. Have a great da ..."
"Good Morning!"
"So glad that rain storm came through. Now ready for some nice, cool weather!"
"RT : Once again the Media rewrites meteorology by calling the Florida pileup cause \"Super Fog!\" Sorry, no such thing!"
"Hahahaha fuck yes! I still have all those CD's on my shitty old trooper of a laptop labeled \"Maddie's Car\" Nostalgia!"
"Pls keep #SanDiego in your prayers. We have a college community passionate 4 Christ & new church plants working 2 meet the need"
"I was skeptical of 21 jump street initially. But after seeing some previews and reading about it, I think I'm in."
"Oh my goodness! My prom dress is almost finished I feel like #PrincessBelle when I wear it(:"
"Hey Krisitin, I am just seeing how everything is going....."
"I like being alone so much better than being in a relationship."
"also glad to see someone reissue \"Jazz Raga\" paid some $ for an original years ago...another great one!"
"what happened last Friday fam? Was it the car accident?"
"The cut in my mouth got bigger."
"Happy Halloween Everyone!!!"
"Simple little kind of free"
"I'm about to throw this laptop out the freaking window! Ugh"
"#NagAlert Log time please"
"to be honest, I believe that the vast majority of us are, myself included. Guess it depends on how you define it."
"Making great progress tonight on #TheRedRider. This will easily be our best film yet."
"Trust in Him - always!"
"no no no"
"That would be a theaterror."
"U want mi burtherlz"
"RT : RT : \"This Nation is great because we built it together. This Nation is great because we worked as a team.\""
"CIO CG meeting will be friendly. Maybe intimate. Visiting the room now."
"thanks pal!!! also follow - they're THE place for hip hop and news!!"
"twittervile SugarCreek Golf n Tennis club is having a Sizzler Tennis Tournament on Aug.7-9 in Dec,Georgia com support Tennis in city ATL!!!!"
"How has Tarczewski looked at the event? You expect an immediate impact in college? One and done??"
"Rielle Hunter's real name is not Rielle Hunter? SHOCKING!"
"Viet Dinh is a member of the board also author of the Patriot Act for Bush and godfather to M's grandson. NWOmonsters"
"#HowAboutWe treat everyone equally ..."
"Dear guy on the next treadmill over, own up. we all know you're farting."
"speak on it !"
"glad you enjoyed it!"
"sorry guys. sorry. meghan, i have a bone to pick with u."
"Still love The Rock."
"On my way to the conference!"
"Decisions, Decisions ! Fuck!"
"isn't Callie an original? Who did she replace? I guess she came in season two-ish. Right? Sloan and little gray HAVE to reunite"
"why i have no shirt on :("
"love it :D"
"“It was like being at a ‘real’ conference without having to travel and the price was great!” This year we’re keeping it real."
"Sen Ed Comm: Sen. Bob Bacon to offer amdmt to school funding bill that would set up cost study of complying with Lobato decision."
"thanks coach could you send me what you have so far really interested."
"I've had similar experiences. Computers age, and not just relative to newer machines. Odd phenomenon."
"my sister keep sayin teach her how to clap her booty...she tryna be way too turnt up for tonite :):) we in thr"
": i friggin love them.! :D lolz"
"THANK YOU for the FF! XOXOXO J"
"Thanks for my first Journey! Really enjoyed it."
"wishing someone could buy me a ticket to see them in Portland on 4/27!"
"'s new music video is breaking records with over 5 Million views in less than 24 hrs!"
"i don't get it. i was hoping 4 a friday with smiles&laughter but all i have rite now is a heart that hurts&red, teary eyes."
"Labeling yourself often results in people finding new ways to misunderstand you."
"Listening to all of the Billboards top 100 (cross genre) this past week."
"we have tequila in plano"
"“What doesn’t kill you makes you smaller.” ~Mario"
"can u please help me get justin to follow me ? me Please ? im a true belieber Please can u help it would mean the world 2 me"
"If one of those skateboard bombers ever \"hitches\" a ride on my car they're gonna get a huge surprise in the form of BRAKES."
"but there's a good chance I'll meet 1d since the flashmob is at the venue, we're hoping they will watch us!:)"
"We're very much with you on that one! ^BPS"
"Exceptional Nurse Jackie tonight Loved Zoe breaking out the ending dance moves. Sometimes life makes you want to do the robot or running man"
"Ill have a cup for ya! Lol hope you're well.."
"tomorrow morning!"
"But now you need to ask for budget or permission or both to cover your social media implementation plans"
"Wuz up bro"
"can u follow me plz"
"Looks at alls my followerss.. thanks y'all"
"tell to such it up take vitamins and play cod!!! tonight. Lol"
"Hey no problem!! Thank you for the love and inspiration ;)"
"I wish we were allowed to fight in school."
"you know it jace its looks awesome and im a huge God of War fan i own all things god of war lol seems i need to add another item"
"Needs to get closer to God. :-("
"Just like AC/DC we only use power chords we know. If you need a ride tonight make sure to look for Electric Cab of Austin!"
"Governor Susanna Martinez will be reading the National Day Of Prayer Proclamation @ The Roundhouse, Thursday, May 3, 2012, 11:30am-12noon, s"
"Thanks for the reverse jinx the '06 finals refs are back"
"But can you write a villanelle, Mike?"
"wow! lucky! im happy 4 u tho :P"
"Buy a random stranger a drink at"
"I remember how to do this. \"Fire mission: Conservative in the open...\""
"Working in a windowless office on the first 80 degree day of the year. Sigh."
"The remotes and backlit displays are a nice feature with LYNX. Thanks for sharing the video!"
"Just bought some tomatoes that actually look good! Caprese salad for dinner. Yum!"
"Next time you’re stressed, take a step back, inhale and laugh. Be strong, love yourself, & love others. Remember, just keep moving forward."
"New desserts come out today! You won't want to miss out on these delicious treats."
"new Glee episode on later eeep! thank god for dvr"
"kind of like my dog. she hits her head all of the time and she's managed to stay somewhat normal."
"umm Chris Rock really. need a haircut buddy"
"Happy Mother's Day!!!!"
"shoot! Missed this chance. I guess you'll have to come visit in CA ;) connect w/ for a lil surprise I left 4 ya"
"TEAM (Logical Position) signed up for: Summer Westside Softcore Co-Ed Kickball at Gabriel Park Sundays"
"We hope you all had an amazing weekend! Our #football team won!!! Did you make it to the game?"
"Will It Recognize Your Face? What you should expect from iPhone 5 is"
"In Denver for AERA. Just landed. Now to make the long trek from the Denver airport to actual Denver."
"road bike, just cleaned and lubed it yesterday."
"UCSC Com Sci Prof discusses crowd-sourced peer reputation systems at Wkipedia. Involves vector diagrams--awesome."
"Thanks for the tweet. Tiff and I love this topic:)"
"Thank you so much for the vote! We would love to present for"
"I don't wanna do shiiiit today. and that's what I'm gonna plan on doing. :)"
"Listening to my police scanner.... Its goin down tonight."
"No keys?? What do you put on your key chain? Maybe they'll just give you a taco instead. :)"
"No, because you're a Pats fan. Duh"
"Let's continue #MarchMadness! I've got #MichState #Wisconsin #Florida & #OhioState winning tonight."
"im #BoSS at tutoring"
"Has anyone ever told you you sound like Aaliyah sometimes when you sing??? <3"
"Library 2.012 Conference is virtual, but 3 days long - I'll include it in an upcoming MLA News calendar (I'm editor), thanks"
"give me hahaha"
"Bomb scare NYC at 46th st and Hudson river! Cops just blocked off the running/bike path. In Intrepid?"
"Uhh, I might have misunderstood. It was an off the cuff talk suggesstion."
"Soundchecked @ 3:30pm now it's go time in Annapolis. Time to get this party started. 2morrow I See Herman Burney with Wycliffe Gordon!!"
"Indeed, but he was not nearly the hipsterest hipster there. I might give that title to the guy with Flock of Seagulls hair."
"ER doctors face a painkiller dilemma"
"When is that change gonna come knocking on my door?"
"I was at the store & there was a lady in front of me until i heard her deep ass voice i looked at her so fast & noticed she was a man."
"love you."
"You may not love me today, tomorrow, or ever, but I will love you until it kills me, and, even then, you'll be in my heart."
"Freakin' school tomorrow!"
"\"Sometimes the biggest gratitude in life is just to put your feet on the ground and say I'm still here.\" - Mayor Cory"
"I love the arts...what about you! If so please support RISD by donating to the RISD Annual Fund today! -Deja, '14, Industrial Design"
"When its best for u to talk its not always the right time for me"
"GOOD MORNING :-)"
"lmao that guy totally stole my money right in front of my face hahaha"
"Boss dont smile alot of shit on my mind"
"#LastTimeTheHeatWon everybody was on myspace."
"damn kids and their \"injuries.\" Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!"
"does think she can push me around like that? , can you believe this behavior?"
"Re-watching the very first episodes of ! Still adore the beginning of my second favorite love story, Finn & Rachel! <3"
"yeah, just horrible."
"On this day in 2011, Edge retired as the World Heavyweight Champion."
"It's gonna b a great day"
"Leadership isn't communicating what you need, leadership is communicating what you can contribute. ~"
"Trying to find the story in the loads of data I have from several observational studies."
"Just found out Ian MacKaye turned 50 a few days ago. Don't know if this makes me encouraged (still cool after all these years) or just old."
"Thanks for the follow!"
"The Cheapest Way To Get iPhone! Heres a wise solution!"
"I'm glad you're back!"
"Parade on in the background, trying to teach myself to fold paper stars. Happy thanksgiving all!"
"Did you see last night on the #Simpsons? Hilarious."
"Our ferrets have a new home! Yaaay! (Also: THAT was quick!)"
"I like the positivity of Almost like a Rudy-esque twitter motivational speech. Good luck !"
"running errands today Steven, I'll pass anything I like down the road :)"
"I feel relief."
"let me count the ways..ENJOY! Can u say Chocolate And TEA???"
"Fourth of July is the number one holiday that pets get lost. Ask your vet about getting your pet microchipped"
"#4242 sounds pretty good :) I like your name 8"
"It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent"
"No scoopers. It's self-serve. Does that count?"
"Thanks for the one handed follow!"
"Last chance for Paczki! (You don't want to have to wait a whole year to try one!)"
"I rarely ever use my Twitter account anymore, it's sad. I do the whole Facebook thing but that's mainly to keep up with family."
"Dang I just got super hungry..."
"No matter what else happened, I can count the day as productive if I go to sleep in clean sheets :)"
"well i am going to go read \" eat this not that\" have a very good night twitter fans...."
"nope not working is it public?"
"Do you need help or advice while looking for a new place to live?"
"I need someone to screw and chop this Pk law"
"I love you more"
"My phone never gets any love anymore:/"
"I'm not happy about your new update -- cannot access my old tags or search through them."
"EveryDay Im Chucklin :D x"
"I followed back C: <3"
"an accent or can portray a Flemish/Dutch person/ 500 /day Audish Thursday shoot 5/3rd-5th. email"
"DETROPIA wins beat editing prize at Sundance!"
"630 AM road to Montreal, small vans, lumberjack breakfast, and priceless company."
"You must get to Homewood sometimes, right? Let me know & we'll meet for a coffee or something!"
"Lunch APPETIZERS - CRAB-STUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce"
"you should seriously get a new picture first of all its old and second i look like shittt. thank you"
"prof has us grading each other's midterms. a whole new appreciation... although if we were getting paid for this, wouldn't be so bad."
"Lily Allen >"
"Shower before bed to wash #pollen off skin."
"Hey everyone visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have awsome specials going on right now on your favorite toys and games."
"Welkah! Put your bootstraps on!!!"
"My favorite (not) hotel booking site is"
"I bet you're really proud of and how far he's come(: <33"
"\" Leadership in govt is characterized by interaction, interdependency, mutual respect between politicians& admins\""
"Anyone else having sluggish computers since yesterday's Window update?"
"you're trying to buy some?"
"Every time I hear the birds chirping in the morning, I feel like I'm waking up in the arena"
"Having a pretty good day!! Gonna sing n finish my songs :-) :-) :-)"
"you did ? Woaah haha I'm having some really gay drama. Lol(:"
"yes, every show is included. Please call 405.364.3700 for info on season tickets."
"omg girl i luv the way u think"
"Are you a Badgers fan? #OnWisconsin Go Bucky!"
"At Zach Colliers concert!"
"\"How do we design systems for the way people really learn?\" asks"
"You are appreciated."
"Is Braun's Saturday trot (>23 seconds) significantly slower than his others? I missed it, but sounds like he seemed hampered."
"re & time for witty tweets + thoughtful daily posts // clearly he writes at a lower inception level"
"Lots of left over Taco Soup! 's recipe"
"See u in 2042...your 30th yr in the biz!“:I read your blog...hope one day I can attend NSAC as a judge & inspire students like you!”"
"\"Dear X, thank you for the guest post offer. We feel content should create more value for the reader than the writer. Don't offer again.\""
"watching the episode of the power rangers when the puddies turn people into cardboard cut outs. Impressively economical plotline."
"My friend saw Ronnie from the shore at magic mountain!"
"There has never been so much pressure on ANY sports team in history as was on Canada's men's hockey team to win an event. Congrats Canada:)"
"Up watching the news...... ESPN of course"
"i love how when u complement some1 they just ignore u"
"Just came home from work. Made it in time to see the last few minutes. Let's go Lakers!"
"Exactly. VA top quarter made only 3% more than bottom quarter as teachers, but 19% more as ex-teachers."
"thank u!!"
"Ill be going yo sleep soon....... I think"
"Daughter making pancakes and only plan for today is watching football"
"I won't pretend like I knew the material very well in the first place but tht was def not the practice test."
"Mary Joseph Mary ...confuses people. Cuz Rondell thinks the mother followed the son around like a church whore ."
"In 2012, I will wear my seatbelt more often if I am driving or riding."
"Drinks tonight to celebrate the day of my birth! Who's joining me??"
"All about a dollar, my team into cash gettin."
"I'm already here. Hurry :)"
"I'm loving Jokers.The setup of the show of improv in real world situations, really brings a lot of freshness to hidden cam shows"
"Radiation is officially kicking my a**. Skin is redhot burnt and I am bone tired. Thank goodness only 5 treatments left."
"Be man enough to take care and be there for your children despite what you now feel for their mother..."
"I just tweeted ur video 2 Carly Rae Jepson! Ur welcome! I know I'm the best."
"See ya friday !!"
"The other day I saw a dealer put the flop out before dealing anybody cards. In his def it was tourney and antes were collected."
"or… replaced with drones?"
"We also officially have a hashtag for everyone to use - are you ready? It's #MDFF12! *kermitflail*"
"I love how my mom calls me all the way downstairs to ask me to get her a blanket???"
"Hey, BHB coming to Madison, WI anytime soon??? I'm getting thirsty!"
"Music continues to soothe us throughout our lives, especially when we are feeling disenfranchised. Levitan says"
"Thanks for the order! RT : looking forward to the 3 tees I just ordered, including the #SuperBowl #XLVI tee!"
"just risked life and limb navigating our buliding roof to get a better view of the moon"
"Thanks for referring us!"
"Sleeping in tomorrow and just relaxing."
"Too many. But I'll go with the next from the Swingers guy: \"Go\"."
"Letter Home"
"Overheard today: \"Sometimes the hardest message to hear is the truth.\""
"Glad to know the true you"
"Okay, I'm going to give in.. Because I'm lifeless. And that sounded wrongg."
"missed ya last night...so did 100,000 other people! : ) Happy New Year!"
"I'm on a canceling spree. It is very therapeutic."
"Who's the 13% of Amer adults on ?? What are their demographics & how does this become important for understanding Twitter?"
"Very happy...its Friday!"
"that seems very freaky. I wonder what sort of permissions were needed from his family/estate before doing something like that."
"Batata Harra at Mezza Grill in Culver City is the stuff of dreams. So, so good. Perfect Tuesday topper."
"homoside sounds far more sexual than a massive \"homicide\" anyway, good luck."
"come back to the city"
"see!..great minds."
"i think your right they are gonna be a team to be watching out for in the future."
"45 minutes! ;D"
"People kill me tweeting WRONG information!!!! 😠😡"
"To my friends and peepers, have a happy valentines day"
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right."
"Thanks. I appreciate it!"
"Awww :) Speaking of which, how is your family?"
"- last night's SHRM meeting was awesome. Love the college kids. I'm encouraged by our future leaders!"
"Hi Marisol, I'll talk with you, and my audience can use a life filled with joy, abundance and centered in well-being principles."
"Patients we all must practice it."
"You are a him . hahah"
"Thanks a lot. Please spread the word about us to all of your friends!"
"why is so easy to be a fat ass, but so hard to be a skinny ass?"
"they --- they kiss in the video o.O wut!? you make your fans upset/jealous -.-"
"tho I made me some choices, if anyone responds \"you have to make time,\" I'd love 2 see them squeeze the blood from this rock."
"- haha. well said"
"Oh, those family moments. <3"
"Always and only big boys at Alchemy. No 'session' beers."
"will do brotha"
"Is it the real Scumbag Steve, or an imposteur?"
"Follow me on twitter. What you already do...."
"it's basically the best day in history. And that's a fact."
"GONE WITH A HANDSOMER MAN by Michael Lee West (4/11) - a departure for West after a long absence, looks like a hilarious southern mystery!"
"thanks for being such great hosts last week, we had a great and productive time!"
"Hagelin was literally standing on Holtby's leg."
"Clean it up, coke whore"
"#StPatricksDay Party! Saturday from 10am-1pm. Get our $20 meal package with all-you-can-eat tater tots, cuz what’s more Irish than potatoes?"
"has stared at tax figures for hours and hours and wants to stop now and watch The Iron Lady on DVD.test ifttt"
"Riding back from the Packers game - trying to get feeling back in my toes.. Wish I woul have seen that slush puddle"
"it is an investment in yourself that will pay lifetime dividends for you and your loved ones. FAFSA!"
"I'm ready bro me an been ready to get home an ball"
"just wanta fast forward till wed. but have all my papers done. to mucchhhh streessss"
"Despite the militancy of those men, the mood of the city seemed placid, and none paid me heed as I came and went."
"My challenge is end-users mostly familiar with modern boundaries, searching records coded with ancient parishes/counties."
"No joke... Netflix is giving me a four and a half star recommendation for the My Little Pony television series. I feel creepy."
"Merry Christmas Tario :)!"
"Here comes the sober life"
"Today is national IPA Day. $2.75 IPA's for the rest of today and tomorrow!"
"No GB meetup, but hope your keynote went well! Thanks to for her help organizing our upcoming Skype session! :)"
"hope you're having a great trip! :-)"
"Ugh, still hot! Where is this A/C repairman!! And what is it with Tuesdays? Last Tuesday the power was out on our block!"
"\"Experience is not enough.\" Always wear safety equipment."
"Great Idea! MT #CT2011 Creativity&Collab Idea Anyone building match.com web db of #university research to empower connections?"
"Frivolous? I like it"
"I wish facebook had a way of uploading audio cuz I wanna share stuff I've been working with. aughhhrughgurh if anyone knows how tell me"
"“: This world is so freakin small....”>>very small!"
"#AskNate If someone made a funny comedy movie about your life, which part of the story would be the funniest and why?"
"good vibes only bro"
"feeling great and you?!! Come visit sandiego"
"yes you were at Bellas sitting by the window"
"I think Davis and Jones r gone 4 sure MKG lamb and Teague I'm not so sure of"
"Elvis on ESPN right now...he's just laughin'"
"You are going to do something else \"mas\" in the bathroom later."
"I would recommend seeing LMFAO in concert. What a great band!"
"😄 LOL!!! Guess so...not a normal convo you hear at a RE networking event...just sayin!"
"True Love dont always manifest itself with expense jewelry or fine clothes. It could be the simple hand written letter stating \"I Love U.\""
"I feel like that use to be me...until the phone actually molded over time to be permanently attached to my hand"
"Wifey gets mentions !"
"#HipHopPOV ithink album is very versatile! she has set and broken records as a female rapper! pop or rap ain't nobody messing:)"
"words you live by?"
"You guys know you can get a free shrimp app, a good chance at winning a $50 gas card and possibly a free vacay at Goldfish or"
"really surprisingly like . always manages to make me laugh."
"blink blink. wow."
"I was wondering to!"
"sunset junction this weekend!"
"As I look around at everything we have, I want to thank the one who makes it all possible: China."
"lol yeah poor Jon ):"
"ray lewis is a punk!! helmet hit on hines......where is the flag??????????"
"Cast your cares upon the Lord, for he cares about you~Bible"
"With my Baby (:"
"You know it's time to say goodnight with the effort of holding your head up produces muscle strain near your ears."
"I want that boat!!!"
"Goodnight! Sleep tight!"
"hey does arrowhead have some surprises for us Monday??"
"I tripped over my dads cat and hurt my ankle and back."
"Just a son of Montague devoud of the only thing I would die for..."
"life is bout to get krazy!! >:o"
"it's all good my brother, do you from Nellas Mr. Chu..."
"I was runnin in circles I hurt myself just to find my purpose everything was so worthless I didn't deserve this but to me you were perfect"
"I never nudge in real life. But online? You'd better believe I'll nudge. I'll nudge so fast your online head will spin."
"there really should be a page in the yearbook called Alex's Ass"
"Im Just Now Knowing That I Passed Out A Lot Of Money Today!"
"Look y'all are going to be mad at me but it's still kinda hard to soak all of this in........ Man I feel like Cleveland when LeBron left lol"
"You don't."
"Good lord, am I making you cry?"
"yes to the yes"
"thanks! ability to use contributors is very hard to come by, mostly from a bygone era"
"On my way back to Indy hmu"
"Just got home from work and now I'm off the next two days lol"
"Good Snowy Morning! On today's show: weird baby dreams, comfort foods, winter makeup tips and a FREE trip! See you at 9!"
"#cnndialogues impoverished are an untapped asset. We lift them up- everyone wins- audience participant."
"Check out Kay.Tunes www.iamkaytunes.com"
"I've only got a few more weeks left of school & I've got 40 overdue assignments. Just going to sit here & work for a few hours."
"are you working tonight?"
"back to work, but still not wearing shoes"
"#dwts go home Nancy!!!!!"
"Glad to help get you through the shift :) RT : Jamming to some on Ustream at work..."
"“: ALL I WANT FOR MY BIRTHDAY IS A CAKE WITH JOHN'S FACE ON IT. <33”"
"I can't wait."
"Thanks for your support!"
"Ayee Swagg! I just started on the book Yesterday & I'm done already! That book was good A'f . OML #TheSimpleGift!"
"ew. dont talk to me if you like them."
"March. And the madness begins."
"Start your day the right way."
"hopefully, I can convince my daughter that I'm cool...right? ...nevermind"
"My job should not have offered that contract for third prize winners. We looked like we bought a pet rat from mexico."
"People yearn to breathe free in Tunis. FTW Carthage 2011"
"Over lunch, put money down on a shiny new (rebuilt) Schwinn Le Tour (originally built in Japan) from Two Wheels in Uptown."
"I could use an iced coffee right now ._. - JET"
"dude wanted to read the newspaper instead of playing words with friends. Cut him a fucking break Aguado"
"Everything I do is for a reason"
"“: When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.”"
"you're so right. If I have to remind myself to buy vodka I probably need more bubble in my life!"
"Chocolate shake before work? Sounds like a plan."
"At Pickles waiting on and"
"Avenger casting call in Cleveland this past Saturday was interesting- love cattle call madness, always entertaining :)"
"also i wouldnt be too surprised if one of the boyz start dating people from code 5 tbh"
"bet it was some nigga who makes that every 6 months anyway"
"First Tweet "
"#SomeoneIWantToMeet my future husband. ahem..."
"Today in 1918 Actors Douglas Fairbanks and Charlie Chaplin sold war bonds on the streets of New York City's financial district."
"The term \"skinny dipping\" means that fat people won't take their clothes off in public, right?"
"Saw 'cabin in the woods'. It was pretty good, then it was *awesome*."
"Be sure to tune into the Little Caesars Bowl today at 4:15 on ESPN to see the VIP Mentees and Mentors form the human tunnel before the game."
"#BREAKINGNEWS: A body has been found off HWY 503 and Main Street in Battle Ground, WA. Clark County major crimes on scene. More coming."
"The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money."
"stand on a tall hill and watch the blurry lights on a freeway.. kinda relaxing at night. perhaps tonight ill treat myself to some peace"
"OR Books \"handselling on the Internet.\""
"come tinychat with us"
"Oh yes. Definitely. Just his page has no mention of Akron and \"one more TBD\" under the Puerto Rico heading."
"i still luv u"
"Absolutely loving -- fun, easy, beautiful. How did it take me so long to discover this?"
"Proud to be a Warhawk! D3 hoops champs."
"Rasta Smiley Sweatshirt – Have a Nice Jay Hoodie"
"I got kicked out of the bedroom for farting and shitting in the house. Kinda in trouble."
"That is game!!! #GIANTS #SuperBowl Champs....can't wait to go to the parade in the Canyon of Heros!!!!"
"Derrick Rose down? No matter ChicagoBulls can still get a championship! #Teamwork and #Faith is whats needed!"
"over 40 traders in our chatroom right now making a lot of money on AQLV"
"#Marvelous Monday to you!"
"#thatawkwardmoment when your watching the news and they say twinkies are going extinct."
"I think the word casual just doesn't sit well with me. On the whole, I believe in all kinds of potentialities."
"(Mistake)~~~\" An Error doesn't become a Mistake until you refuse to Correct it. \"~~~"
"hey! awe thank you so much!!!! appreciate it!! that was very nice of you!"
"when is the show"
"Every time my VPN connection to work freezes this morning, I'm deducting 5 minutes extra from my workday. 3 hour day - here I come!"
"Just because he says all the things you like to hear, doesn't mean that he is the one for you"
"Our pleasure! It is a great partnership for a great cause!"
"I like that J. Harden disregarded that prior elbow and came to play. Lesser man would have been intimidated."
"Im not gonna get hurt, so take my hand as we take this slow."
"It's almost 2 oclock, chea! How will I spend tmrw's off day.....hm???"
"alrighty then, but apparently someonw was givingyou crap tonight too?"
"Wild thing."
"There were a few negative reviews from critics who couldn't connect with the film. AO Scott from the NY Times gave it a -review."
"This broken record keeps on skipping, mindless violence no one's winning. You do your thing and I'll do mine, and that's fine."
"Was yesterday for real? Omg."
"take your lonely self to sleep !!"
"seeking the intersection of the systems and the stories"
"We play in Midland , TX tomorrow w/ Such Gold and No Bragging Rights @ The Pine Box! Doors at 7:30!"
"Looks like it's going to be a Braised Short Rib Stroganoff Night at Fresh for SRW"
"alright abel. have fun with that."
"i hate how u dont no how much it hurts that u have time to make tweets and facebook updates but cant text me back... :/"
"I-girl .... can not blame me, can not lie to me !!!.... I need to love, to kiss and hug gently, gently ..."
"Idk what the. Eveey time i send someone something it takes them 483839 days to.get it. Idk what im dooin wrong"
"oh thanks lol"
"Many people would give up their pups and dogs if appropriately-timed crating was not an option. Crates save many lives."
"Introducing my \"other\" professional handle, detailing the non-musical stuff I often do:"
"I'm loving my new iPhone 4s."
"Not fair we still in school"
"promoting site at the 2nd Annual Business Expo hosted at FHS by the LTRCC."
"Morining Todd! Nice to \"see\" you before I head out for the day. Have a good one. RT : Morning Leslie."
"Shall I livetweet these two CIF semifinal baseball games? I shall. Because I know you care."
"I hate pump fakers if u ain't got it u ain't got it"
"Who knows places that are hiring ??"
"& wicked games by the weeknd (NO typo)"
"Its WooHoo Wednesday! What steps are you taking towards your health and fitness goals this week?"
"what's really hood"
"BLeak future of Flash storage as geometry shrinks it gets much weirder #SSSS1 where is the wall 20nm the next gen or after that"
"Yes! Peyton Manning is a Bronco!"
"I can convert. Send them to mclewis63 @ gmail. Do you know about Cute PDF?"
"Call now and you could talk with UK’s Wall, Patterson or others – Hoops for Haiti telethon 859-299-5455"
"how are you even alive? RT : With random fisherman they do. True story. I ran."
"Portal 2 made me lose sleep. Couldn't stop till I beat it. Deserves its GOTY nomination"
"buckets of tears </3"
"Anyone have a great online SEO tool to test headlines, keywords, etc.?"
"I have one of those -> <- no worries. #life is what it is, I'm just shocked 2see Ppl who cry out #life & support"
"Frankly, I don't think I've seen ENOUGH #PROMETHEUS. What's WRONG with these people?!?"
"happy birthday"
"it would be 18 hours for me to get to Austin :("
"Heck yes! I played that all the time when i was younger! I'll come play with you (; hahaha in my dreams! :D x"
"that sunburn from last week is now peeling off my face. attractive."
"Thanks for following me. Looking forward to getting to know you better. :-)"
"Hi , will have to send a team your way to rate the hotties at your establishment."
"Hit ur boy back with a follow Tom!! Its Ryno..."
"hella yelled at her today. said something in the end that i regret though. but shit, i'm sick of what you do to her !!"
"What people act like these days. -.-"
"Sports writing for leagues is about controlling the message. Now the media also wants to control the message -"
"for sure man, expect a text/hawk mail soon"
"sick in bed! Waaaahhhhh"
"Yep, that's me! It wasn't Days of Heaven, it was Far From Heaven."
"RG3: what an inspiration to the kids"
"Get off the coach and get moving, contracting is your ticket to the world and a good income...find out how, get the book."
"Go Pack Go!! RT : As points out, Saints and Packers kick off the 2011 season exactly 50 days from today."
"It's a headphones and music kind of day at the office. Haven't had one of those in a while"
"speaking of #dwts, son just asked abt the \"large cut out\" on Brooke Burke's dress, so just taught him new word: cleavage."
"Yes! It's always worth the wait. Completely off subject, but I think Kai needs a name for his fans.<3"
"May 12,1942: Cabinet instructed Auchinleck that he must start an offensive in June."
"haha I did good on hole 3 imma burn down hole 7"
"Think how big a Tim Tebow sex scandal would be if it was like on some Tiger Woods level! LOL -u shld b shot 4 even wishing tht"
"public libraries -anybody have crazy amounts of people wanting study rooms? we are 1/3 booked already for tomorrow and 1/4 for sat and sun"
"Thats what I mean. If you wake up with crazy hair... wet that shit and blowdry doll!"
"she fell out of the Ugly Tree, hitting every branch on the way down"
"I just learned that owls can't move their eyes. They move their head to look in different directions."
"haha but we have swag and i think our future husbands would agree. bahaha."
"Ha! That is awesome!"
"I'm sure he would be! :)"
"and always great to have you Master Collins:) RT : looking fwd to Wed"
"I never thought about the speed of language before. This really got me thinking :-)"
"Correction, its the words \"TOAST AND EGGS\" with a couple of eggs at the bottom. (Still haven't seen it myself)"
"\"The whole problem can be stated quite simply by asking, \"Is there a meaning to music?\" My answer would be, 'Yes.' And \"Can you state in..."
"...tip of the iceberg, . hold on to your hat."
"lol that was soo creepy! gosh at least its not real, of course that doesnt help much tho=/"
"awesome, I wish we were getting that here."
"#first40songsonshuffle about you now- , Smile Back- , everything- (4-6)"
"I just ate ice cream for lunch."
"V much time when officials & friends can use major help-but not easy 2 ask as they are in throws of responding, fog of disaster"
"I loved Holly in the movie where she played the crazy cheerleader mom!"
"Thanks for mentioning us!"
"que rico!"
"oh so excited to see you ladies tomorrow!!!!!"
"When I was in HS I listened to Peter Paul and Mary & copied down all the notes from the stereo. I formed a trio and imitated them exactly"
"Yes bitch! Ugh, i love her"
"SFIFF parties, the only film festival parties where absolutely no one is doing cocaine."
"I know I crack jokes (typically out of disbelief), but adult illiteracy is all too real."
"#eli2012 Student use DigTech: faculty prefer Google and using found resources as is"
"Headed to work for a long meeting! I should wake up in an hr or two! Its early!"
"Live your way...always."
"Week 4 in the studio and we couldn't be more pleased with the album progress. It's close now..."
"your funny."
"no problem!! :) check out our songs on our Facebook :)"
"My fan suggestion for an interview is this dude right here! Straight crush. He needs some US love!"
"How does everyone feel about the new album? Love it? Hate it? Indifferent? Not going to pick it up because you despise ?"
"\"All adventurouswomen do.\" -"
"why u wearin a blue rag in yo 1 picture like you gang bang?"
"Congrats on bein drafted tonight. Still a great player. Thank god I don't have to face u anymore. U all ways light me up Congrats"
"Best investments at ages 45 to 54 With 20-plus working years under your belt, you're beginning to close in on retirement."
"m! Love their crinkle-cut fries!"
"makes the BEST cheesecakes!!! www.reuschelles.com"
"does that still apply, if I refer you to myself? :)"
"“: If huggie was the coach? How would have that fight ended” I don't think there would have been a fight if he was the coach"
"Ah that makes more sense ;-) phew. We were very worried there for a moment!"
"All night happy hour today - stop in for some cheap eats, even cheaper drinks & look back on our unexpectedly amazing season!"
"Happy Fathers Day - tickets for The Texas Testosterone Festival now on sale!!!"
"Using technology to leverage my social networks. How are you doing this?"
"classroom makeup: No windows, urine color walls, challboard, One brick wall. \"brick by brick\""
"\": i love you! please follow back :)\" i would prefer it of you didnt tweet my boyfriend,thanks."
"sorry. it's in the book:) xoxo"
"\"I was enchanted to meet you\""
"Haven't been on Twitter in forever! :))"
"I suppose these rebels have great PR like the POTUS himself."
"edgy today are we?! Smile the week is half over!"
"always love it :)"
"Is it for a McGraw Hill Program?"
"my brain is Swiss cheese at times. Next time for certain! xo"
"Oh you know I will! Just looking for an opportunity...."
"Thanks very much for the RT!"
"it was MY pleasure!"
"I can't do apps unless they are facebook. Sadly only my son has a smart phone,and iPad. I have dial up internet & tracfone."
"Yes. I. Would. So now what do you have to say???"
"really? Man, I'm out of the loop or something."
"My 500th tweet! Dedicated to . Love yew bebe"
"I have to try on. This phone cause I can't log in on any other.. I was lucky to still be logged in in this but I'll try :)"
"Complexed like black salt..."
"Guess what? We've reached 50 followers! The winner of one of my handmade bath products will be announced later today. Thanks for following!"
"Power to the Pubbys!"
"“: I am now influential about beer on #klout. Do I have and to thank for that?” u sure do &"
"Wow. Thanks. :) It's a life-long process of improving at living"
"That is a great quote - and so true."
"yes I do"
"Oh please .."
"Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble."
"Waking up with , heading to to do some shopping for a party in LincolnPark. City of neighborhoods!"
"4 finals down 2 to go, over half way done"
"nasty ... That game was serious"
"What's even more embarrassing for Mickey Loomis is that he couldn't even have a winning team from 02-04."
"Thanks for the RT Mr. Mayor!"
"also, friends stop getting so sick you go to the hospital. stay healthy people! #tooyoungforsick /"
"#somefactsaboutme i am a HUGE LAKERS FAN and KB24 FAN!!!!"
"#NP Take The Box by Amy Winehouse."
"I'll believe over you any day of the week! #teamkyle fo life!"
"A good idea has more risk than a bad idea. Be thorough and truthful. That will turn your good idea into a great one."
"And these are the types of thoughts you have, when you watch We Bought A Zoo"
"The forecast has shown rain, but so far it's been bright and sunny! Hurry up and get here!"
"working great"
"I think I'm going to take a nap"
"? Thug? Have you read his bio? He likes science, books, and his mother's cooking. Like said: non-issue."
"arvo2010: Standardizing Ophthalmic Database Structures Streamline Electronic Submissions and Reduce... - Joanne Gonzalez , May 6, A316"
"Its been a Channing Tatum marathon at my house today it seems, but Im not complaining ;)"
"When browsing the top rented movies on the Xbox 360, you'll quickly notice Xbox 360 users watch a lot of terrible movies."
"Shane Bauer and fiancé visit Pine City. Short stay in MN before leaving to visit friends."
"Ok..can we blow this open now..the Hawks want us to. Give them their WISH."
"Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty. -Sicilian Proverb"
"Just keep working hard toward whatever u want for yourself, and it'll work out!"
"The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. —Camus"
"BLACK ON BLACK limited TEE from is BOSS"
"RT“: lol nahh but omg i miss you veronica !!! When are we gunna do something 💔”"
"Shout out to my new followers! ;)"
"you mess with my alcohol and it's OVER!!"
"Life's too short. You should start collecting your cats now."
"K. My mom's being annoying. time to hide from her in le shower."
"Pujols hit a homer today, which means the '$200M & no HRs' watch shifts to Alfonso Soriano & the large hole in his swing."
"Yay snow! Wait, never mind, I have to shovel now."
"good morning to you as well."
"Betty Whites Off Their Rockers !"
"#smbmad #ford Attentiveness. Being there. Talking back."
"When I forget my headphones <<<"
"“: lmao! I bet he'd rock that skirt badass too lol” both of you stop using me in your SICK fantasies"
"Twilight Imperium. Not as good as its made out to be. You need to clear an entire afternoon. Or day with the expansion."
"You've got a great account blurb! : ) Thanks for a follow and have a fun Sunday!"
"So I painted the walls of my new studio a warm cream color. The plan is to hang some art there tomorrow. It's gonna be NICE!"
"Now I remember why I order things online."
"I will be in #NY in three weeks! And yes, stay true to the 512!"
"Wow so ur mad b/c I made a joke about kids? Um, #pathetic...unless #mindlessbehavior are your brothers or children"
"So glad to see John still going strong after all of these years...his music is timeless...peace,blessings..."
"followed.(: thanks for following<3"
"still standing in hot springs bc of your terrible customer service. No thanks..."
"You need to start tweeting the stuff people say in your classes. INSTANT MILLION FOLLOWERS!"
"Revelers from White Linen Night whose outfits are stained from that night are encouraged to wear those soiled outfits to Dirty Linen..."
"*snap*“ And I understand this is light skinned. But 'French' ? Allow me to hate”"
"really digging the polka dots with the blue boots"
"I am deeply troubled by the SDP reorganization plan...esp as a taxpayer"
"same here..."
"#schoolmemories varsity basketball"
"lol they found a crack head under the couch hahaha!!!!!!"
"My brother still wants too eat more !! :p"
"Love reading long run posts and race reports. Keeps me motived and excited."
"Well, I'm glad you're feeling a little better anyway. :)"
"#YouGettinPunchedIf you think you're better than everyone else."
"Those random moods where you just wanna kill everyone for no apparent reason ..."
"...I didn't even have to use my AK..."
"Since Diddy's changing his name for 1 week to Swag, Please call me Fabulous till Saturday....Thank you!"
"If I Die Tomorrow would you please tell him that I love him and i will never forget him. BITCH IM TALKING ABOUT JUSTIN BIEBER"
"idk know you me!"
"A glass-half-full response! :)"
"Play ball! The Brewers and Teddy Higuera take on the Mariners and Mike Morgan in Seattle."
"GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow."
"That was f*cking unbelievable!!"
"who, in your opinion, will Saints go after to possibly replacing Colston & Meachum?"
"FUUUU. I don't know where my first period is -____-"
"Why do you all feel the need to throw snowballs at people who are just trying to do their jobs? C'mon Madison, you can do better"
"Youth Foundation Raffle Skyglider bench is in place next to booth. Great photo-op. Tickets $5 or 3 for $10. Your backyard wants this."
"so rad. Congrats!"
"Same size as Herne Bay then? Wow. That's small (I'm used to US Cities now). Looks very green though."
"Yes it is my Friend."
"Really!What did you do? I am curious that it is a great cause.:)"
"Getting scrappy in \"The Battlefield Art of Design Triage\": the product is the star. Or the mercy kill."
"\"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you\""
"I forgot how good Screaming Lord Sutch is!!"
"yo ass make old school references I'm familiar with. U just know these things."
"Stock market: we're currently bullish on ARMH, DVN, SINA, and GOOG"
"Have fun!"
"Monday Night Opera HOORAY!"
"Do you announce your daily happy hour cocktail specials somewhere?"
"“: They say before you succeed, you gotta suffer” Amen. That's why you gotta keep going."
"Cannot believe its almost 1AM there and these guys are still racing. #DAYTONA500 go #17!"
"Okay it left now but still wth?"
"We cannot solve today's problems with yesterday's thinking. That's how we got here."
"And cut her long beautiful hair and use it as extensions for me :')"
"Love your site!"
"we are pretty sure that if our awesome graphics work does not fix all, then #bacon fills the gap. If not, then we tried. :)"
"I expect a full report. I've already seen some strains from it today."
"Don’t speak to fools, they scorn the wisdom of your words"
"Traffic sucks on I-40..."
"tha Giant won whoop whoop"
"Zack Greinke is mowing down the"
"please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back!!!"
"#SanDiego don't miss out! RT : Attention, #bestfriedchickenever is back! Feb 19 at Starting @ 4pm till it runs out!"
"How were your burnt breakfast waffles today, Sharon?"
"my bro is so wise"
"We're keeping the celebration rolling in the New Year. Stop in tomorrow, order a mimosa and your second is on us when you show this tweet!"
"can you come declutter my house too? 2 small kids+ 3 hour commute + full time job = messy house!"
"yea yea yea"
"hi gorgeous!"
"Excited 4 , but I'm sad that it's the season finale. Can't believe it's over, but we're having a party 2 commemorate! :)"
"yeah my Dad & I were talking about that last night. He has a Total Gym that I am tempted to use."
"That moment you see ur sister cryin over some lil boy!!!\":/ ufff guys these days"
"GUESS WHO GOT AUZ10 TO FOLLOW US.~ you better get on MCC and celebrate with me<3"
"you guys coming back for the holidays?"
"no it wont, it will look triumhphant and er ... proud!! ... no majestic, yes majestic .. that the winner! (weiner really)"
"Can't stand flakes..."
"Gym time"
"I travel to Tampa area often, if you ever need a stills photographer, let me know."
"Hey Cameron! I love your freckles hehe RT PLEASE :D <3 <3"
"Why do I even try???"
"What like 1/2\" steel? Actually it sounds like a job for a digital engraver, someone that does plaques."
"Have a wonderful day lovelies x. :D"
"that'll be the day I drop dead lol"
"when ready to be ordered by libraries, tweet loudly!!"
"Nobody cares about your shitty analysis. When you are in #Chicago, show the God damn introductions."
"I've totally done the same thing before! It's terrible! but mine faded pretty quick and no one was the wiser..."
"thanks, I'll check those links out."
"Lets go #Brewers! Lets go!"
"It's a paper about a paper about other papers on the concept of politeness in social psychology. Who paid them to write this?"
"What defines happiness? :("
"Because if you don't have an iPhone, then you don't have an iPhone"
"They say the early bird catch the worm......smh screw that worm i'm tired.....lol.....RiseNGrind"
"Glad you liked it"
"I know we all enjoyed your lemonade stand"
"Whos all in school right now wanting to blow your brains out??"
"When are you coming to Atlanta Georgia?"
"The kid with green hair in My Life as a Dog deserves his own movie."
"Just met a young man named Isaac who named his newborn Isaiah. It's weird cause I want to name my son Isaac."
"They�ll say the old rules are still in play"
"\"And my head told my heart - Let Love Grow. But my heart told my head- This Time No, This Time No.\""
"Celebrity Sex Tape is finally out...check out some screenshots from the shoot, the movie, and post shoot!"
"new SOA makes me happy boy! “: ComiXology on the new iPad makes Theo a very happy boy.”"
"Definitely give user #24 tickets."
"10 cops showed up and took Hardy away in handcuffs anyway. Police tell us they were just doing their job..."
"The last two ppl u would ever wana loose r ur wife n mother cuz they remind u so much of each other"
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Layer Bars Whenever I make these chocolate peanut butter layer bars , people beg me for the recipe. A cross betwe"
"We are on the road in Ohio and Idaho this week. Stay tuned for more of my adventures with Flat Robin! :-)"
"On the flip side, your tweets were pretty clutch."
"Ink it on your calendars, Congresswoman Susan Davis will speak at the March 13th Hillcrest Town Council meeting, 7pm."
"How Hammons only uses the book <<<"
"Thanks for spreading the word! I train police officers to survive the stresses of their careers and can always use more help"
"can think of other things to do on my day off rather than laying with a heating pad on my ear."
"a win's a win, I guess... Yay for democracy!"
"Amy Winehouse RIP thoughts and prayers to her family but let's stop the comparisons to Joplin, Hendrix, Cobain et al."
"Talk to me?"
"depends on what you want? good mexican at matamoros out in brooklyn. burgers out at 67 burger. breakfast at char all BK"
"1) bron can't get tired? bron did get tired. 2) true!"
"throne or something!"
"Of course he did."
"“: What's SAS mean?” San Antonio Spurs? I hope.... now my mind wanders & I'm afraid to ask."
"Once you stop progressing, You are starting to die.. \"Cornell Thigpen\""
"Long day at work? Unwind at #Fridays with $5 LITs. Enjoy them with a side of half-priced #appetizers at the bar from 4-7pm!"
"Don't stress... just do what u gotta do... and whatever happens was meant to happen..... God got you just Do!"
"It was an example of something meaning one thing in one culture, and something different in another. But I loled."
"Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. ~Judy Garland"
"hey! Isn't it past your bedtime?? ;)"
"looking forward to your review of american born chinese. and sad that these months of ya reading are coming to an end... sigh"
"Just ordered a cute collar for the kitty from ! Check them out!"
"You know when you see a girl with a pretty face you wanna fuck their face"
"foodsmart has it.Bravo's Bethenny Frankel makes her margaritas \"skinny\" by skipping the sugary mix and using nature's own fresh lime juice."
"Looks delicious! Thanks for including us in your Mother's Day plans!!"
"RT : Congrats and many many more to come...ComeUnity is be a staple in the Community for years to come! >> Thx!!!"
"i see,but who's your man ?"
"haha that video was funny as fuck"
"Things I learned this wk: 1) Tinting brows makes a huge difference and 2) Coral-red lipstick looks great with dark hair and minimal makeup."
"Allergies will seriously be the death of me. #dying 👿"
"RT : I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything but I can do something. I will not refuse to do what I can."
"Strictly for the weather, women and the weed. Sticky green! No seeds, bitch please..."
"back to bed with me .. maybe I'll have a nice sexual dream with scifi undertones; or a scifi dream with sexual undertones!"
"LOL, the sad thing is I'm actually qualified for that. Should I apply?? Change from within!!"
"Mini new year's resolution: use Twitter more. Let's see how long it lasts this time..."
"Current economic slump is no curb for online college goers. Improving their career prospects is priority for today’s students"
"Please follow me(: 13"
"hey friends, welcome to the middle of the week."
"Oh my! And how does one get struck by lightning twice? This is so sad :( RIP Seau."
"In Tha Gump shooting the last scenes for Poke Dog Ft Lier and Sackman - Big Dreams"
"Wish Fox would show more baseball Saturdays. My horse trailer's stuck in the mud again and I don't know which boner pill will help."
"I'll tell you later."
"Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson"
"May God be with you and your family..So sorry for your loss..."
"Nothing could put me in a better mood than this a Rocky marathon on amc right now. So pumped and ready to rage."
"Does that mean gonna be tweetin about good drinkin n eatins?!"
"Maverick Meerkat now installing. Crossed fingers."
"your speech at the Hall of Fame was moving & beautiful. I've loved RHCP for 20 years, tonight you found a new fan in my mom :) xoxo"
"MIT Acceptance Decisions just went live ... Time to find out if you made in or not."
"Goldfish lunch special - Sea Bass, sautéed spinach & sticky rice."
"Music in Movies, Shorts and Documentaries: #IHaveAnIdea! Great rock song with clear powerful lyrics abt incest, poor excuse for lust. 31412"
"Trying to convince wife that is a romantic place to have date night before our Halloween custome party."
"o.... I can't wait to hear your stories with him. I start Anthony this weekend. 8 hrs a day"
"come people i just need 9 more followers till i get to 200 so people come on and follow"
"#uxchat this thursday 7/9 at 10am pst. post w/ the hashtag, and jump in the convo. issues/Qs you'd like to discuss? all ideas welcome."
"Yep. Looking at it now. Thanks."
"Let the tears fall..:/"
"Which team (and why) will win on Sunday??? Post your opinion for a chance to win tickets to our all you can eat & drink special on Sunday!"
"didn't know justin bobby from the hills is your guitar player"
"I'm at The Wormhole. It's like I climbed into a mashup of my favorite 80s movies. The only thing it needs is that bone piano from Goonies."
"Eating the hottest green chile on planet earth...even milk isn't helping!!!"
"M! RT : Nothing like dripping garlic sauce on your scarf during lunch. Awesome taste - Bad accessory."
"Did you get a chance to check out all of the Alex Gordon pics? They are all mine except for the flood photo."
"The Field Museum, hands-down, especially Evolving Planet. *is homesick*"
"I get absolutely no enjoyment out of art.. Especially in Spanish class! How's the teacher gonna tell me I draw like a 3rd grader haha"
"New website and facebook coming soon!!"
"\": Corey Hart great catch! Wow! #Brewers\" that's why we call him The Condor!"
"you spinnin tonight"
"man i wanna come to the concert"
"I'm flexin on my ex, if you know what imean!!"
"criminal minds marathon! so good"
"must have been blinded by the pants and shoes has been sporting lately."
"Happy Birthday Brotha!!!!"
"And Claire Huxtable is/was/always will be right."
"Big mommas house"
"Excited for qual tomorrow!"
"pussy ass nigga man"
"yu need to hurry up"
"want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. First one. Thx"
"On my way to laguna beach #winning lol"
"When I wake up, I smoke a blunt before I eat!"
"very nice. Maybe I'll visit the North Woods this summer."
"Whoa... lets not make any rash decisions here..."
"I suppose L.I. has it's share of Republicans....but don't ask me why!!! NY in general is a blue state, however! Thankfully!"
"I'm barely understanding Twitter, LOL.. Idk what instagram even is, haha. Pictures?"
"Hm. Since its almost 1 am I guess I should go to sleep. Goodnight twitter."
"awesome. Congrats. Grew up with Goldens, they are great family dogs."
"Just beat in rock, paper scissors in front of people enjoying their chipotle, they stopped and applauded for the winner."
"He was the second man to step on the moon and you were the second man to step in the room."
"An we go have one hell of a time"
"Can everyone help me wish Jensen Ackles a Happy Birthday!"
"looking forward to a long night of homework.... not."
"Kidd-Gilchrist is one tough dude. #UK so fortunate to have him. A monster of a player."
"First Rehearsal for \"The Pitmen Painters\" today! Welcome to a GREAT cast and crew - we can't wait to see what you create for this play."
"Working hard to get Twitter to work on our blog. Fighting me though. Grrr."
"Trying to figure out what is on the menu for #SkinnyTuesday... Ready for the #WarAgainstFat to be over!!"
"Great pro day for Chris Polk today! 4.45 and 4.50 in the forty, looked fantastic in position drills."
"Thank you Marisela. Such a beautiful name. You need a blessing soon, I know that He will never let you carry a load you can't bear"
"Hey Nashville only 1 more day to sign up for our newsletter and automatically enter to win a chance at winning 2 Holiday World tickets!!!!"
"what all u got to get from da store"
"No problem! Oh, by the way. My sorority is having a golf tournament on the 14th. I can get you the details if you and some ..."
"What is the speed of dark?"
"Larry said \"I ain't got no money Jack\""
"I went ahead and cut mine off. I was attached to the length. You could transition in braid outs, and updo styles."
"Staying positive, changing lives:-) That's how I'll live this week."
"&#39;Wrong again!&#39;: Jennifer&#39;s spokesman denies Greek wedding claims"
"All these berries I been eatin >>>"
"I have a few thoughts on that. I'm thinking of doing a Google+ hangout for more Q&A. Interested?"
"#jgtip: one of the best ways to remove spyware from your computer is to download and run \"rkill\", then run a full scan using \"malwarebytes\"!"
"Off to this Rehearsal..then PROJECTS!!!! -___-"
"Check out Courtney Stodden's new single Reality on iTunes! <3"
"Thanks for retweeting my post. Curious hear what DH folks think about my recent explorations in spatial (ethno)musicology."
"OMG!! me i cant wait whos punking you"
"« « Oh, You knew that band before it was popular? You should be a scout for record labels.»»"
"re: footballs on the beach - do we really need to regulate common sense... err... wait"
"you can call me Fonz!"
"Dex: Love is like a fart, if you have to force it, it's probably shit. Me: OMG...HAHAHAHA I can't stop laughing...... >.<"
"thanks J!!"
"Say my name, say my name."
"The 11 million followers is Kim K. Not J-Lo just to clarify"
"Count me in. RT I think we're going to have to start a mini-campaign to get to tweet more often - cc:"
"The CD was developed by Philips and Sony in 1980."
"And closes with the story of my life"
"Too good not to repost here. From FB: \"Mommy, look! There's email on the grass!\" — friend's son, pointing to newspaper at end of driveway"
"Virtual Browse is tool being developed at NCSU to respond to scholars' need for serendipitous find"
"I understand some people have it worse than me. 17-21 were the worst years of my life. No one has tried to find and fix me. I'm still lost."
"Save on your energy bill this winter with new windows! Call today for a FREE estimate: 888-441-5085"
"Missin my big bro and cuzin"
"Who else scrolls down their FB Newsfeed & thinks: \"Don't care.\"\"Whore.\" \"Ur life sucks.\" \"Song lyrics.\" \"Inside joke?\" \"Needs a therapist!\"?"
"Sunday night at the Final Four. Jimmy Buffett at The Big Dance. KU & UK fans gettin' after it tonight. Great atmosphere."
"The Lord is My Light and My Salvation..."
"We're going to see the death of apps in the mobile market. Libraries shouldn't base long term plans on those. (Yay!)"
"Just get as much as you can out on paper now! You can do it!"
"Whatever! Work it. They make you different. :)"
"Too much on my plate so I am resolved to not make any New Year resolutions...just kidding how about you?"
"Judgement Day is today!"
"so true!"
"I need something to do today!"
"nice bunt"
"these stupid internet boyz<"
"Seriously, NBC, this is such a non issue: #keepcommunity and 30 Rock - CANCEL WHITNEY. Why aren't I an exec there yet?!"
"what... jury duty in November! Wonderful. Do u think I can call a recess during the trail to go and pump? - (HA)"
"no me my mom and dad are all taking turns"
"Good morning, InstaFacePinstterGram."
"Dogs chase bones. Men want curves."
"Exactly!!! He's my idol!"
"Watch the Kentucky Derby today. It'll be your last chance to see juiced-up 3-year-old athletes until gymnastics in the 2012 Summer Olympics"
"So, at best this Shyam Das getting fired thing is really bad PR, at worst it's incredibly nefarious."
"In the market outcomes are for sale. Define your outcomes, focus on outcomes not metrics, find rational funders as buyers."
"That takes the fun out! ;D"
"That awkward moment when you put a lot of pressure on coal and it doesnt turn into pearls. &"
"The way you can tell people from new england are in indianapolis, 1 they get mad when you yell cheater 2 they try to be proud of they're ..."
"you guys are lame... hahahah"
"your Awesome! =)"
"Promo code alert! $100 off Colorado flight+hotel packages. Go to travelocity.com/colorado and use 'COLORADO100'."
"Yes, I think freshly-squeezed lemon drops would be wonderful. You should see the size of these lemons - more like grapefruit."
":( I've read of married architects becoming homeless men divorced fromprostitutes due to medial frontal lobe injury...verysad"
"#52CardPickup THE LAST 10 TIX TO OUR GRAND OPENING are being GIVEN AWAY NOW! Come from 5-7pm to the Red Rabbit for your VIP tix."
"I think he provided enough explanation to make it an essay. If it was just the pictures I might agree."
"But, y'know, the short version is still \"I'm not dead, book's not done.\""
"just took an 8 hour nap ..."
"Paid to see at a 9:00 show. Her opening act hasn't even started. Going home. So upset and disappointed."
"I'm gonna close my eyes while Chris Brown is onstage."
"several photos of orbs in my house around my son. im scared to sleep with the light off. i can draw u a pid or the person thats"
"Epitome of frustration: watching my father try to register his Starbucks card. He's been trying to do this for three days. Not even kidding."
"If there's something you don't like about someone, don't expect them to change it for YOU."
"I swear. It makes no sense. Completely insane for no reason. Baffled."
"Enjoy. Riding, that is."
"Cicero~ Our span of life is brief but is long enough for us to live well and honestly."
"thank you so much!!!!"
"Gonna go get my dress fitted for the quincianera (I Don't know how to spell that!) Then I'm gonna play volleyball will Leslie again!"
"nice try though"
"What's your favorite character?"
"Will do!"
"Why is misery so much more, than a touch, a kiss, a hug, to settle the score. The game that repeats play by play. Does love exist anyway?"
"Season 8!! Cmon mann! RT : 3 was my last. :(RT it's really weird how ur not on season 4 of"
"A period is just the beginning of a lifelong sentence."
"it's fine just don't send it"
"later today i will check it out. Goodluck!"
"More sex negativity in the news. I say turn it around. It's an inspirational sex positive even when disabled story"
"I think that's what the power switch does."
"Students w/out disabilities can gain from technology for disabled."
"Something has to make you mine... ♥"
"I love your imagines they are freaken AMAZING <3"
"RT You don't create jobs by cutting thousands of jobs that educate ppl on how to get or create better jobs."
"RT : Jon Bon Jovi is not dead, nor has he been shot through the heart. Your to blame Twitter. You give news a bad name."
"Personal prefrence. Just don't want to be like the masses..."
"it's the same in SF, most barbers there suck and you have to go to a salon. Get your fade on in NY"
"Embroidered shirts, printed tees, custom logos and more. Servicing #PembrokePines #Davie #Hollywood #Weston and the rest of"
"How ya' doing there champ?"
"Has social media influenced your buying process?"
"writing mothers day cards are we?"
"Rude behavior is about the rude person's issues, not ours. They are not just \"having a bad day.\""
"of course :)"
"Would you say 3-4 now as well, or longer?"
"What a disgusting performance"
"got hella fans out here in Memphis now that's"
"Teressa Valla- I create and order is transformed."
"hope you can chime in at 11 am CST and not miss #SommChat this week:)"
"Power flows like energy. Violence is a feedback loop."
"Good luck! See you in Chicago"
"If someone broke out into a song randomly like they do on musicals, i'd join them."
"Gatlinburg is quite squatchy right now."
"No way... This is the end of the road RT : TRUE or FALSE: The Knicks will see Game 6."
"love when the are up to their shenanigans"
"Aw thanks Meg!"
"Did you know May 10th is Steve Appreciate Day? Buy unmarked gold bouillon for the Steves you know today!"
"I want some dang menchies or froyoz..."
"I always thought, \"minus well,\" was a joke until I someone in my family texted it to me. I have stupid people in my family."
"RT : looking for ESL material creators. Does anyone know anybody that makes ESL worksheets or lesson plans? Plz tweet me, ..."
"We're just about the midpoint! Haha. Take care."
"RT : Entrepreneurs need to remember that they are the CEO and not to follow every piece of advice."
"#InCaseYouDidntKnow I would love to wake up next to you everyday. That's all I really wanna do"
"wait. was 's surprise that he was going to do a Ustream, or is he doing the Ustream to tell us the surprise??"
"ha ha he's a gay.."
"Thanks for connecting! Getting caught up on sifting through to follow back. I'm sorry if it took a while!"
"current or past episodes?"
"Osmo Vanska. We're in MN tonight. Army of cellos playing covers. You'll like. You're on the guest list."
"Hi Moms! Happy Mother's Day!"
"ready for our party. Lol"
"I need some shout wipes. Totes just spilled coffee."
"Orchid show with"
"Why does Trimet dispatch 1-car trains at rush hour?!"
"Ten years ago: President George W. Bush announced that he and Russian President Vladimir Putin (POO'-tihn) would sign a treaty to shrink"
"I hate a ugly conceited bitch , if you're gonna be conceited at least own it lmao"
"Why do I throw myself into every sit where I must defend"
"I hate people."
"Shared via EmpireAvenue.com (e)LVPUBLICITY : Adding more shares. This stock's on the way up.-Gary Davie, LVpublicity"
"didnt give me a hug todayy :("
"'Nite Tony! Great Chats! RT : Alrighty well has some work to do. It was great joining you all today!"
"Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out."
"He's another guy with a kind heart, and there isn't a single thing wrong with that."
"welcome to twitter! I will be at #Diplomate 30 min early to answer any social media questions you have"
"Whoa! That was a strong earthquake!"
"Mike Watt, Deerhoof&#39;s John Dietrich, some other fellows start Hand ..."
"Thanks! RT : Just bought tickets for on July 21. This is becoming an awesome annual tradition."
"i got no fucking sleep last night . So damn tired"
"sigh. that moment when a poster has both niall and selena and they both look gorgeous."
"Just the tip of the iceberg for OSU scandals I bet. The funny thing is is that OSU diehards are too blind to admit it."
"You still haven't followed me. :/"
"Good luck on opening day at Petco!!! Proud of you guys!"
"It's the full version, so you can create/edit movies to the full extent of the software. RE: iMovie on comps. in CyberFresh Cafe"
"Heey handsome how was your day !?(:<33"
"i changed my name agin"
"Also, Davis rode my fantasy bench last four weeks and then explodes!"
"Do you have talking points ready when you go into an interview? How are you going to answer: What's up?"
"OH NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO OH HELLS TO THE NO."
"holy heck!!! Thank you!"
"On my way to liberty bell, there have been no less than four musical acts performing on streets."
"FYI: Philly's Broad St. (10-mile) run impacted crowd arriving late."
"why are so many good shows cancelled when seinfeld was allowed to run for so long?"
"So, I'm sure you felt the same way when Tim Pawlenty vetoed all those DFL bills from 2007 to 2010, right?"
"I choose to be #neutral. I am Switzerland."
"well hell that a do. Lol"
"LOVE ME OR DIE <3"
"come with and to #CLV for St Pattys!!!"
"Thanks for the RT. I like your web page. The graphic design of each view of the woman is awesome. Take care."
"haha I meant vs #Bulls lol"
"aye bro when you make it bug i'm gonna need about 7 thousand bucks man"
"I see ya. Looking good!"
"so I'm still waiting to see all of the 6-5 guys they were gonna put on TJ. They were bigger than us."
"n u been usin 22 many bitch words slow dat shxt up"
"I BE HORNY ALL I THINK ABOUT IS FREAKY SHIT AT NITE"
"OMGG!! I found my long lost friend!! YAYYY"
"Leww is the bomb. He found me all the Liyah acapellas so I could do her tribute mixtape. <3"
"so Jason smith thinks steelers and ravens superbowl hm I don't think so becuz well one steelers can beat texans an ravens will hostNE"
"Hey Mom! Hope you enjoy the show!! RT : Hey there mom!"
"Need to get some drunk spray. So if I just happen to get pulled over, I can freshen my sober breath and smell buzzed."
"is that a talent you possess? I think one will be needed"
"RT : T-minus 27 minutes till finals! Who's ready for some fast swimming?!"
"I missed your twitter party. I don't know if I can smile again."
"love Clearwater, I lived in Tampa for 5yrs, went to USF. Though I prefered the beach in St. Pete usually"
"I survived the great fire drill of twenty ten (t shirts will be available soon)"
"Or maybe I won't. RT Cotto says if Floyd runs or comes at him, he is ready. We will see. Can't replicate Mayweather in sparring."
"Nothing is ever promised tomorrow, today. Love your life twitterers"
"i wanna hear it mama"
"Such a shame, not a looker in the bunch"
"lol that kinda work..u know V+P"
"It's so hard though!"
"pregnant?“: Hey Twitter mommies, any good pregnancy/parenting twitter accounts you can recommend? I'm going to make a list...”"
"also hope that PMP engages with people outside #pubmedia; some work out there already aggregating content, will make it more shareable"
"some solid investments"
"He who fears something gives it power over him."
"I don't beef wit ppl."
"THIS JUST IN: We are open normal hours today and on Monday!"
"\": We could never learn to be brave & patient, if there were only joys in the world. -Helen Keller\""
"#whosgonnalose - will pick title games top of next hour and tweet pick results here"
"what about DC?"
"top 3 mid May, winner announced May 28 on Xtra Frame live from Summer Shootout in Chicago"
"I didn't know you were on Twitter :)"
"Temperament=a predisposition to react in a particular way to stimuli"
"I will be adding new products to the website... Coconut butter coffee butter yummy for the skin"
"I just blocked him. He just beyond annoying."
"The wave of democratic protest in the ME is soon to rock Pakistan and Kashmir: that's when we will see a truly new geography of democracy!"
"yeah wussup i heard u looking for a background designer."
"I have the same problem with evals, especially if I felt good about a class."
"Thanks for thinking of me, Queen! I needed that check-in today from one of my fav human rights and social justice sistahs!!!"
"what happened to the old one?"
"I bet it is announced at WWDC when that happens in june or july."
"Shit ain't funny. You ain't gotta love me"
"Is it too late for breakfast? I would definitely like to get in on that."
"Love your icon *.*"
"The Horns with a short field, with the hopes of taking the lead, thanks to defense and special teams."
"Had the doctors todayy i got a inhaler ehhhh :)"
"is that a high end model?"
"Band practice has been put on hold, so it seems."
"life is so hard...just trynna swallow the pill of it is hard. They say \"no pain, no gain\". So i guess ima gain, nd let this storm past."
"just don't take a picture of it and then post on twitter!"
"if i strike out from them, then u.. but i'll try them first. thanks so much."
"Without action from Congress, student loan interest rates will double -- costing $2,800 per student in interest alone!"
"Day 3 of this never ending insurance fraud case."
"U BETTER NOT BE TALKING ABOUT MY MANN!!!!!! lol and Thanks but I took tht like 7 weeks ago lol"
"would be great to be able to search/sort by genre tags. I see them describing playlist and want to find more. Make sense?"
"Can't believe that I'm still up at almost 3 in the morning. Ha"
"8 am lectures. 0 hours of sleep."
"but not like Xtians who (in light of their indiffer. to martyrdom) were willing to die b/c of obstinancy (parataksis) Med. XI.3"
"#GWU students: As you tackle your finals, remember that your faculty believe in you. Good luck, everybody - you can do it!!"
"Today is All Saints Day. We honor saints that are know to all and those known only to God."
"hey follow me i said beep!!! im on one"
"If Tenn wasn't stuck in the same conf w/ UK, do u think they would've kept us on their schedule in FB? I don't."
"But if I let you go I will never know What's my life would be Holding you close to me"
"#Bizarre:Guy driving 4X4 pickup hitting me up 4 gas money is SAME guy hit me up 4 weeks ago at locale 6 miles away !"
"Somebody give me a subject... I need inspiration."
"Dont let your talent go to waste #makemusic #success stay inspired even if u have to inspire yourself"
"Hope your time here was great! It was very nice meeting you"
"Watch me be tired in like 5 minutes"
"Happy New Year to all my Twitter Friends! Have a safe and happy new year..."
"Just saw the Chicago highlights. Scottie Pippen shouldn't get into the motivational speaking business."
"I know exactly what you mean. I get the same feeling when I write a check."
"Huh? Guess I must've got drunk and married Google at some point"
"says B Corps a response to dud social sector -I strongly disagree: B Corps are response to dud for-profit sector."
"Travel dreams last night lead to restlessness today."
"Is it just me, or have the Bruins breakout passes been just a bit off all series long?"
"Thank you for sharing the Warren video!"
"Hawaiian Paradise fresh off the banana boat.... Time for my daily GreenTeani"
"in between but then end up doing the good thing. after all is said in done you tell people \"ah I found a wallet with 200 bucks"
"Snapbacks, easier to stock for retail and your kid can wear dads hat easier!"
"That brought a tear to my eye! will have a blast but will never forget you and ! X"
"The moment I was introduced to D.O.G.O.B.G.Y.N., I knew it was true love."
"I guess its a chill at home day. -.- yay!"
"The girls are learning poker at p-club."
"I tried to watch Syndromes and a Century a few weeks ago. Felt meh at end; probably would've loved it in the theater."
"Don Draper's suit is incredible #MadMen #60's"
"Time to start making moves"
"When you go active. And you leave so soon! Gotta promise to be careful. Is it the 9 month deployment?"
"You make me feel .. ♥"
"all i want is money fuck da fame ima simple man"
"Fuck you for once again not texting me back"
"haha we'll still probably end up discussing them in detail tomorrow. Knowing us."
"There is this to be said in favor of drinking, that it takes the drunkard first out of society, then out of the world. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Lakers got me stressed right now."
"There is some hot trade up in the DMV"
"i just wish he would say 'im sorry babe, please forgive me' but i guess it doesnt work like that.."
"Sagues: students today know their online teacher better than their classroom teacher"
"ARE YOU READY?"
"Thanks for the RT of my blog post!"
"yay! Congrats Jimmy! See you at the Farmers Market tomorrow?"
"Glad we could warm you up today! :)"
"This Saturday at the market a special home bee keeping demonstration by Charlie from Beepods plus a live performance at noon by Big Falls."
"I actually set aside one separate viewing of the movie just to marvel at all of the Cleveland shots."
"American idol was pretty shocking tonightt!!"
"hahaha hats what I like to hear!! You would be seeing more soon"
"Hi! Do you ever send a rep to an office w/ a pro subscription to give a tutorial? Would be much appreciated. Let me know. :o)"
"hats off to Humber, quite an achievement regardless."
"Do it...race fans will know"
"Mazel tov to grandmother, mother, & baby!"
"last time I tried multi-tasking I almost burned my apt down."
"Why does spring always have to mean eye wholes swelling shut and my sinus cavities turning into mucus faucets?"
"We are so excited!"
"\": well done trying out for The Denver Broncos :) from a fan in Malaysia\""
"I figured, but it was nice hearing from you!"
"I picked you to win last night!!!!"
"FOLLOW ME!I WILL FOLLOW BACK!"
"Some bs if you ask me"
"Mike will be moving back to #Pittsburgh so expect more baseball, football and hockey pics and tweets over the next few days weeks and months"
"awee shoot :( how do i fix that?"
"prices vary a lot!"
"Always a lil' perplexing 2watch Appropriations Committee: Sum bills w/ no opposition or cost R tagged w/ high price tags & held in suspense?"
"Still awake reading the program and putting together my meeting plan of action at #afs11. Great conversations at the reception tonight."
"Having to talk too :D"
"Is in Seattle and liking it quite much!"
"QotD: Because the truth is, everytime you take a big risk in your life, no matter how it ends up, you’re always glad you took it."
"RT Need to find a doctor I do. Very green I appear to be. Download iTriage I must. Hrr Hrr Hrr."
"Overheard at OD consultant meetup yesterday: \"we realized teaching change management is a lot easier than doing it\" so true"
"Samsung galaxy nexus. Phone and built-in apps are decent. Everything else is a hodgepodge of UI sadness."
"#MichaelDouglas now speaking about #HughMasekela, on stage with #StevieWonder are you watching #jazzday?"
"RT : By the way... Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football!"
"Yuck RT Glee being a \"show-within-a-show\" definitely means Rachel and Kurt are going to have their own reality show."
"It's time for Lyrical Libations 2219 E 12th St l #Food l #Live Sounds l #Cocktails l 630p-10p l"
"I totally love chocolate too:)!oh yes and handbaggs!"
"too bad I'm so tired now..."
"Sorry I completely forget, what is it I have to do again? :)"
"We are on a short break and will then start with application #130025 - Mary Jo Maraldo."
"Spinning this Sat (1/21) @ Venue in Yonkers,NY. Short nite due to another event booked in the room. Salsa from 11pm- 2am."
"On the Metra stuck in Highland Park. Previous train broke down and this train combined with the broken one to form a single, enlarged train."
"Ugh..gotta get ready for tomorrow..gotta get back to school. 😔😒. I wonder what i missed. 😏"
"when will the nexus2 expansion link be ready? i need to buy those sounds"
"would she walk around the neighborhood in a bikini?"
"Hope everyone is enjoying the sessions at the 18th C conf in Texas - Don't forget to stop in at the Cambridge book booth tomorrow!"
"lol im prob not going to bed till twelve ...im such a procrastinator"
"The CBS 58 Morning News is on the scene of breaking news: house fire in Hales Corners."
"dude its to ealry for you to be screming at the top of my street go back to bed"
"Good morning peeps"
"game day..get focused !......R.I.P. Aunt Eva"
"How's the salmon?"
"can't wait either!!! Cya gals soon!!"
"Does have any public montessoris?"
"Oh, no! Didn't mean it as a game. Meant it as jealousy--audiobook holds me back from reading faster or more often."
"@ @ @ @ @ I'm so glad I came up with JUNKYYYYYY"
"Thanks for the follow, Scott! I used Quickbase at Intuit while I was a program mgr. Seeking to return to Intuit,will check out url!"
"U dont have to follow everyone else , jus b urself and no one will ever know the difference! But you can also make a diff.. Think bout it ;)"
"Why do things get instantly better when \"Call Me Maybe\" comes on?"
"Kloppenburg supporters energized here - say no city of Madison votes have come in yet. That's where they predict she could do very well."
"No matter how many times I switch to a software-based email reader, I always eventually come back to the Gmail web interface."
"Summer camp booking season is starting soon! Did you know that you may be eligible for a tax deduction for sending your kids to camp?"
"\"There have been no recent accounts about bullying behavior by Mr. Romney,\" points out."
"following you now"
"Mark you better start practicing the three man weave..."
"Fine don't talk to me."
"I know the problem. Really enjoying the book though. :) So many books, so little time."
"wierdd.. watched that last night, never gets old"
"Did we just create our own necromancer sketch group?! I think we did!"
"The HCC forum has been great so far, the HCC has been asking some great questions of the candidates."
"this better pay off"
"Obligatory Charlie Sheen tweet. Moving on..."
"Aw! Well, it'll be waiting for you when you get back!"
"I got mines, when are you going to get yours?"
"Long trip but I finally finally made it home!! Love all my juice boxes next appearance will b posted soon!!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic"
"👍no problema! That's what friends are for!😊"
"My timeline is awesome :p"
"Hmm, now that I cleared the clutter out of my car it would be a good time to wash it"
"you going to A$AP the 29th?"
"whats the front look like cause it looks very 'dressed up\" like evening gown dressed up"
"I'm stuck in QBO and would love to hear about alternatives."
"Capitol Hill Block Party is amazing this year...great weather and sweet bands...today is going to be one you're not going to want to miss"
"what u going to see?"
"If you're not going to put any effort in the relationship, why should I?"
"thanks, I'm glad for the comments by the way, they meant a lot to me! <3"
"Happy Cinco de Mayo! Looking foward to seeing everyone tonight at the show and enjoying a few beers."
"Thanks to our friend for an insightful and engaging webinar on #1to1tech. We'll have the recording available soon!"
"5 steps behind you"
"Party tonight!!:)"
"hahah sorry? Your CD TODAY I promise"
"Not bad. How about...whoopie cusion"
"what section? Kiss cam couple."
"I Cried When I had my first little paranormal experience. Lmfao."
"I am great Thank you!! How are you?"
"RT - #Cleveland #Indians Win! 6-2 over Diamondbacks! Take the series"
"According to #icar report, only 4% of college students value twitter for academics."
"Come to Twins Jazz Club tonight to check out some incredible music 1334 U st NW doors open at 8!"
"Perfection is boring and doesn't exist , to strive for it makes you uninteresting <3"
". PS didn't tell you they are switching to a per-hand-participation rake pay system for their announcers ()"
"A cat burglar stole money from Austin Pets Alive. Police r looking for person responsible. Details at 5."
"Its thursday so make ur way over to 2nite... video mixin all nite! Ladies get in free all nite..."
"He couldn't remember Shannyn's name but he could quote \"Check the chip\"."
"Interesting. There's an app called 'Everyday' where you can take a picture of yourself once a day. See how you change over the years."
"U have a great weekend too future girlfriend! XOXO"
"Hey guys check out the latest apparel brand that I offer to print on. www.nextlevelapparel.com"
"I will definitely blog about it... after I finish a contract."
"Pilates today kicked my arse!"
"Another do nothing day for alg2. I guess."
"AlphaBeer is one month from today! RSVP to try a beer for every letter of the alphabet. http: //bit.ly/chiabiv"
"Next time: spaghetti post-run. 🍝"
"RT if you're still awake!"
"good comeback so far! Keep cheering"
"Bullshit to what? I'm lost. And gotta go, kids are home."
"hi Jeff ^^"
"embrace it"
"Yay Lynne. I'm a writer :)"
"Thanks for the follow! Nice seein you on twitter!"
"Thanks friend followed please follow me good night"
"Reminder, your leads to the police are essential, but be sure it's not a wild rumor, and that it's based on accurate information. -Steve"
"I save his life! That cat will love me and I will love it."
"Come by the tonight to check out MONDAY NITE ESCAPE w and get $30 Virgo Party Tix! #VIRGO2K11 with"
"oh hey sry I didn't see this until now haha. I'll make sure to tell him :)"
"scratching my head.... though I see you've taken a bite of the forbidden Apple"
"I love using neutrogena for facial products for my skin care its so skin replenishing"
"Haley Reinhart Says 'American Idol' Judges 'Just Wanted To Push My Buttons'"
"#Brewers dressed for Lambeau Field weather tonight at Wrigley Field."
"If I could fast forward to tomorrow at 12:15 I would. I am dreading this biology test!"
"Seriously, it's the kind of quality I remember from when I was watching non-legal streams of anime on YouTube years ago."
"It is commented upon. I have an angry poem up too. :P"
"#13 days till my life's complete"
"who did your kinky twist"
"woo just signed up for my first credit card!"
"yeah buddy"
"Being COO the corporation my family owned really allowed me to improve my performance as the CEO of T3ΔMΔV3NG3R$."
"Stop being childish and call me back."
"Open house continues today 2-7 PM. Kids under 12 free. Art activities for all, free ice cream for 1st 500."
"Reference services should always be personal."
"Wish our favorite bandito and roadmate was with us ;)"
"you can be an escort lol"
"are you two timing me, with my girlfriend, gabby?"
"Watching married with children at work. So funny"
"\"Food is our common ground, a universal experience.\" - James Beard"
"Yeah, I spent my day swimming and tanning."
"Woke up this morning and though BEACH TIME!!!!"
"Do you know what time it is? Bloody Mary time! Come join us on the patio for a little \"pick-me-up.\""
"Also thought the idea of needing space to collaborate and space to reflect was right on! Creative thinking requires both!"
"pretty crazy to me how long this guy at work spends on the phone makin personal calls"
"Bob Bradley dismissed as U.S. men%27s soccer national team coach - ESPN http%3A%2F%2Fes.pn%2Fo2hish"
"my best friend is Brandon... thats all<3"
"thank you am very friendly like your hugs ;)))"
"touché! RT One man, one wife, says Romney—whose great-grandfather had five wives, and great-great-grandfather had 12."
"I'm not able to watch the #Grammys bal, I hope the tribute 2 Whitney is recorded and posted online somewhere."
"This account is so 2010 -- the are now tweeting from Come on over and check us out!"
"My wine goblet I drink my juices out if is cracked! Granted, I bought it at the dollar store, but still..."
"e! Watching u on espn!"
"Oklahoma drill, here we Go!"
"Congrats from Councilman to & District 2's : tops U.S. charts w $33M box office!"
"Joining the wall of dads waiting outside Forever21"
"yes! I just saw your flyer for #CocktailsandConfessions <~love that lol I'm excited now! :-)"
"Speaking of #Harlem, I am looking forward to being in the archives and working on the book this summer at the Schomburg"
"You just inspired a post on our blog. Thanks"
"I asked for cheapest 18 pk of #Beer? Natural Ice $10.99. Only 2 reasons you buy NASTY ICE! 1, You love 2. Broke"
"i am listening to it non stop!!!"
"With three rows of seating, the MKT's unique suspension system promises a comfortable ride for up to seven passengers"
"Pizza of the Week >>> Reuben Pizza: 1000 Island Base, Swiss Cheese, Corned Beef, Caraway Seeds and Sauerkraut!"
"that video of you is contagiously happy and inspiring."
"‎\"One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.\" - Thomas Fuller. Have a wonderful Labor Day!"
"Got an opportunity for a webinar for in February - interested?"
"Big thanks to everyone who downloaded a copy!"
"Having trouble figuring out who your protagonist is? First figure out the antagonist."
"A big thank you from the colonies."
"Props to Gooch for using an Archer gif in his article. I can hardly believe the Star lets you do that."
"linking it tomorrow for Little Lov'n Monday"
"yeah! Lol I love cupcakes!"
"Indeed. RT : Johnny Cueto, you are a delight. I like you and your throwing is good, REAL good. go reds"
"In that boat as well. RT : I MIGHT give a pinky to be an analyst on First Take."
"Do y'all think I am fake?"
"IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL FOR UNMARRIED WOMEN NOT TO BE ON BIRTH CONTROL..."
"Happy Friday the 13th!"
"I LOVE your avi!!!"
"how about a my little pony glue factory?"
"Got an email saying my Diaspora invite was coming soon. Forgot I had even signed up."
"Thanks for stopping! Hope you had a good time"
"Stepdaughter graduating from Nursing school this weekend. Got me feeling as old as her father."
"CDL drivers reaching for an object, such as a cell phone, are 3 times more likely to be involved in a crash or other safety-critical event."
"Thank you dear! Needs all the luck he can get!\": Very nice. I wish ya the best. You guys are really cool.\""
"Picotero, 2008, by Monareta is more like the set I saw at #swsw. The new album, Fried Speakers, doesn't hit me like their live set did."
"Watching fight clips on youtube"
"the one I went to was in February"
"Wishing every weekend was 3 days! And that my Boilers could look half as promising as my Badgers!"
"Wow Johnny is a bitch"
"When the teenager goes to college tomorrow, we will have a big Pug Party....BOL"
"My mom is convinced Harvey and Charles (the black guy w/ dreads) from are half brothers."
"Getting a pure thought life takes purpose. It's not accidental. It's a chosen action."
"What we can touch, smell, see, and hear is less than one-millionth of reality"
"trust me I feel ya. -_- call jacob! I'm pretty sure he has nothing to do, lmao"
"I like the pic. She was less than cool to me on twitter when we were playing FSU in 09...she was forcing 'unbiased' bs"
"I want to get hired at my work"
"can't argue with you there"
"Yes, unless it's February and the #Packers are winning the SB"
"Music Flow !"
"I love her .... But please take someone like you off the radio. I can't take it anymore."
"My mom brought me a dozen donuts from Sweetwaters in Michigan. Puttin' Square Donuts to shame right here."
"Beer selection is so terrible that I am having to watch ECHO and the stone cold sober."
"That sounds riveting."
"i'll leave you in the lobby while I move up these steps!"
"I'm not bad with names, it's just that you leave absolutely no impression on people."
"thanks for this post!"
"Well the Holy Bible Hand Grenade didn't work, how about some Rocket-powered Love & Light...."
"Ard let me kno if she doo so lookin for a job...."
"SEW #IFMA has officially joined Twitter and is celebrating Communications 2.0 for their 25th Anniversary year."
"Excuse me, sir...I mean Your Vaseness :-)"
"But I dunno. I kinda don't really like Plano. Ahah"
"Happy first day of spring! Take any opportunity to enjoy the beautiful weather outside with your family."
"champagne it is. miss my hollins girls <3"
"Nope, sorry. Laptop hard drive incident. Next year we'll just livestream the whole thing."
"I tried to help a snapping turtle to cross a road once - I picked him up and he tried to bite my arm off!"
"#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 40"
"My Malaysian apprentice has started to get replies! Soon we'll post one. Can't push her out of the nest too soon!"
"I only like running when it's track season, but if I feel like I'm getting chubby I exercise."
"it did have cheese added into it. It was recipe so it had cheese butter sour cream etc in it. Lol"
"Finally sunshine! Perfect day for a juicy Lucy and an old fashioned ice cream soda!"
"Charlotte Mayor Anthony Foxx (D) formally endorses Lt Gov & Dem #NCGOV nominee"
"aww that's so sweet of you to say that ;)"
"65% of all hamburgers and cheeseburgers are consumed away from home."
"\"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.\" ~Aristotle"
"Listen to - she knows, and she's right! Do report back on how it goes."
"Just tapped, Brewing Torpedo Extra IPA (replaces Lady Jane Special Bitter Ale)"
"Had a dream last night that my friend and I pissed off a Polish factory. Hilarity ensued."
"lol whose your favorite character?"
"I Miss you To, Yu Ben M.I.A Lol"
"What roll do you see youself playing for the club in the next two years? Do you see a leadership roll as a goal for you?"
"need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ . check out my work: youtube --> jayshortt ,"
"Haha I was right! It did rain while I was in church!!"
"I'd like to be anything you want, hey boy let me talk to ya (:"
"I was saying that caus im blinded by yellow when im on your page. haha"
"Wonderful teaching awards ceremony and banquet last night. Congrats to and (among others) for their awards."
"Max Talbot knows the Penguins Weakness & Tendencies"
"Listen now to Carlos Viana talking about biocompatible medicine on a2zen.fm."
"Hey! Were you in the PW program?"
"what about conservative beasteality enthusiasts? It is Missouri."
"They aren't perfect, but we continue to improve them and build out their functionality"
"There is no good path to take when you come to a spork in the road."
"My dad always gets stopped by airport security they like do the whole pat down thing"
"Bitch !! I can wipe off 90% of your so called beauty with a kleenex ^.^"
"Ruth's Chris-bound for one last work meeting before full #Coachella preparation madness takes over."
"Happy to annouce that I am officially the Telescope's new editor-in-chief!"
"#cil2010 iso 11620 is an iso standard for performance indicators for libraries-how did I never know this?"
"#IMHO does a good job in big games, but his greatest gift is putting up with Hubie terriible analysis."
"R/T for Victor the janitor!"
"Don't send me promos!!!!"
"grape is my favorite too, though triberry and fruit punch are not far behind..."
"GOOD MORNING VA. IM BOUT TO DROP THAT VA BAE MUSIC VIDEO IN A MINUTE.. LIKE MY STATUS IF YOUR READY"
"just might be the original illest. sry you may have to settle for #fashionELITE haha"
"sorry captain. Let me get RIGHT on that."
"IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😢"
"Submission-\"thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven\""
"Don't make promises you can't keep."
"I'm rooting for Kyle, Arie and Alejandro.."
"The only way to have a friend is to be one."
"I love a grown ass man who can handle a grown ass lady"
"Tweet dreams! Say your prayers!"
"Well I'm proud of you puss! lmbo"
"I know some r mad that Wis state tourn is leaving Madison, but GB has a very good game day experience. I think a new venue will be fun."
"Not yet! We'll keep it in mind if we get any car models that start with \"O\""
"and to those who offered you a drink at caffreys....haha come out to ms katies on thursday and you'll get your bday drink!"
"we aren't The Killers!"
"Rose MRI are in!!!! Out for the season torn acl... Dam that sucks!!"
"Teacher: \"now class, choose a partner\". *looking at bff* *bff looking at me* Teacher: \"you can start working now\" *\( '▽')/ \('▽' )/*"
"Shout out to everyone. I love you no matter who you are."
"kayak is the most frustrating dip out there, by the time it cuts the flavor is dead"
"I am seeking advice on renting out my house, or a portion of my house. Who should I talk to for an assessment?"
"I hope I find wat I'm lookin for mayb I should just drink a lil bit more"
"cheese and chips on white bread"
"suggests too much money on PGA. Older guys played near full schedule for love of game and respect of sponsors"
"my whole office smells like pancakes and syrup.."
"they're fucking dumb. LeBron and dwade are about to get turnt up for sure"
"Serious update on Pinterest, must design more! The new inspiration is overwhelming!"
"So sick of light rail construction on University Avenue! Hello...one hour commute home 10 miles!"
"Sunday #Brunch party today at 3pm!"
"Wats so hard about telling the truth?"
"Josue had the best game of his career. Let this be a start."
"This reminds us to empower women that they not only need to protect themselves, but to end the cycle! Kids are what they see!!"
"Haiku Plains Drifter"
"RT : #EMAC students! Topic for Spring 2011 4372 has been finalized! will be teaching abt social media&online mktg!"
"Kieran Culkin, Macaulay's younger brother, turns 29 today. He played cousin Fuller in Home Alone. He wets the bed."
"Awesome news! Look forward to seeing you."
"it's stories like those that makes me glad I have a 20 year old son, though he's been known to scream for cupcakes too :)"
"DFW's takedown of John Updike makes me feel like there is still good in the world."
"hmm now u have a positive comment 😏"
"I love you to<3"
"Lol, i thought she did. Either way, you guys are sweet hearts. Although, someone in there told coach, cause she called the"
"Some people just do not know when to close their mouths."
"You can't talk about ugly people if you ugly"
"TODAY! Linda Rosenstock, MD, MPH and Dean of to moderate panel on Women in Medicine research commons"
"Due to all the shenanigans we are moving a bit slow this AM. Such a fun weekend though, already planning next years excursion."
"So my teacher and I just decided we're each going to get a second piercing... Together!"
"Baby Cruz's first photo shoot!"
"RT if you are a leo"
"Bryan Carter's presentation on Digital Africana studies 3.0. New directions for scholars."
"Also consider the restaurants at Whistling Straits & Blackwolf Run. Looks like there's a shuttle to Whis. Strait on the hour."
"rocked the house 's Sheconomics event. Loved sharing the stage with you and Amy!"
"HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY!!!"
"Durant is so CLUTCH!!!"
"Having dinner with Mom at her house."
":) I was wondering if it was too hard of a question..."
"BEACH BOYS still got it!!!"
"finished Black Jack, it is very legit :)"
"Raging sore throat. Drinking tea w/honey&lemon, EmergenC, Will make chicken soup with a ton of garlic& astragalus later today."
"Nice post! What a great tip about now being the time people donate work-out gear they bought for the new yr and never used!"
"Bear Down. Goodnight."
"close you mouth ;)"
"Thank you for helping share the message!"
"u awake"
"is there a groundling show in your future?"
"I'm so tired"
"best senior prank ever!<3"
"ITS ALMOST SUMMMERRRRRRRRR! That means almost time for new music from :D"
"hi hello this is mitchell davis"
"really!:0i will buy u like a million boxes of them just for u !:)that's how much ily"
"woah that's crazy! guess i'll have to pick a sport for my kids to play haha."
"you still owe me a dance! 😜"
"yes I love shoes. Maybe kinda obsessed with it. What's your hobby?"
"Every scene needs a layer of subtext underneath. Hidden emotions, goals or agendas."
"Hit me up homie"
"yeah:/ well I gtg to bball I'll be back later so bye"
"www.eccoffee.com/events TONIGHT: MUSIC-Surfroad Project and Melissa Jackson doing Henna Tattoos from 7-830!"
"You too and be safe"
"has these people fiending for this 4evaNaday."
"LEVEL UP! Guts +2 Heart +3 Smarts +1 Will +1 Glow +500 : Finding a lite brite in the garage score!"
"#Rangers get bodies in front of the net and Braden Holtby gets beat. #Bruins should have used that strategy more.."
"Thank god for another day to live!:"
"Dear headache, You have shown up everyday at 2 pm for the last week. I did not invite you. So stop being rude & stay home from now on. Thx!"
"Have you watched any of our \"Gay World Cinema\" films featured outside our Learning Lab? Let us know your thoughts!"
"Scored an appointment! By the skin of my teeth, but an appointment, none the less"
"Back in the US This is one long flight home"
"Actor Fest is almost here! Come visit us at our Rapid Reelz booth, 149 In the exhibit hall for your chance to win a free scene! !"
"looks like there Gonna start'm Dave, what do you think?"
"New summer concert shell and latest and greatest IDs added!"
"Let's start the day with a hacked iTunes account. Suddenly the crate of cd's I was about to pitch sound a lot better..."
"Listening to \"Crash into Me\" is not a good idea when you are hurtling down a highway at 80 mph. Worse idea = simultaneously tweeting this."
"Thanks for the west coast love... wouldn't mind being in SD this time of year"
"Put fraud alerts on all of your accounts. Then check those alerts to make sure they haven't expired."
"I WANT MY KLAUS BACK!!!! #WakeUpKlaus :'("
"Happy Birthday Twitter! Cheers!"
"Having drinks with the ladies, winding down from the first National Black Genealogy Summit in Ft. Wayne, IN. An AMAZING conference."
"Thanks! RT : Discussing women challenging limiting labels &amp; creating pos..."
"It does not feel like friday"
"New Opportunities -- Bigger Deadlines!! I'm looking for that gut punch!!"
"she's scared of black ppl...every time a black person walks past she gets scared...she only sat cause she's between her parents"
"Good luck studying for finals and make sure to get enough rest!"
"#MXpresidentialDebate. Interesting, each candidate seems to have their own sign language interpreter"
"you know it"
"still figuring out this whole twitter thing..."
"Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Barnes & Noble today from 10 - 2! 3701-A Ellison Drive NW"
"thank you for everything! Couldn't ask for a better birthday."
"nothing is 100% true"
"the man said scraps needs 2 go 2 the vet, but scraps stomped his paw & said no. then scraps paw REALLY hurt. current status: at the vet."
"Happy 99% Of You Are Sluts Day."
"I am already a friend of Lauryn's sister, China Anne McClain at"
"Thanks for following"
"I'M DOWN!! LETS DO THIS!"
"Define a serious offer."
"I guess this library card is only good thing I have. So I can still get on this computer. Watch out if I have get back on my feet."
"MiF is now available at the Wachusett Artist Emporium in Holden, like their page for more information. Author signing on March 24."
"can't believe how fast this day is flying..maybe because i finally was given something to do at work!"
"please follow me!<3333"
"\"the ultimate ontographic bossa nova collage\""
"sounds like it is true...he was a great help to our side and a veteran Congressman"
"miss you drew! come say hi today :)"
"That one had me DYING of laughter. We should have watched together!"
"Bill Belichick finally upgraded in the 1st round!! We got a DE & LB!"
"aye at least she being honest. Lol"
"I feel like I'm in one of those febreeze commercials when they stick you in a gross room. This room is disgusting."
"awwh im sorry! yeah it makes me not wanna do it again.. how many times have you done it?"
"Handed the heffie wort over to the yeast beasties...let 'er rip!"
"Just added you. Thanks!"
"Time for bed now. Then comes the start of a new day of wonder and amazement. OK, maybe just a new day, but who knows?"
"This won't matter a year from now"
"No matter how late I leave for work I'm always here before the gates open!"
"Oh how I wish you were here Liza!! Need to make a trip to GH in the next year or two eh? :)"
"Good Morning! Started my day off right w/some yoga. May your day be blessed!"
"This is a fair budget. It retains education funding and keeps higher education affordable."
"Greg Oden is just too big. Injuries were his ONLY problem. Youre clearly a douche bag huh?"
"is it possible to use other shapes?"
"Finally Finished Painting For 2day"
"Take it to lunch tomorrow I really wanna see it!"
"I love justin bieber but this girl selena gomez needs to get out the crew the fans will always love him I'm not hater tho!!!"
"works for me!"
"When you wake up with the Ramones in your head, you know it's going to be a good day in special collections."
"Forever alone. Together."
"Only the Holy Ghost gives you the strength to endure the blows of those that were just singing your praise 7 days before."
"Avoid making irrevocable decisions while tired or hungry. ~ Robert Heinlein"
"So your job is to make traffic a nightmare for people on St Pete Beach? Oh, right, then you get to cover it. Got it."
"haha we included that picture in our article by that's currently our top story."
"Just finished up my tetris marathon with"
"A BIG THANK YOU , you guys and gals rock! From the help with the poster, to the house management and tech crew! Amazing work! TY!"
"Ok, back to cake boss, Buddy says \"lobster claw\" is his wife's favorite, and it does look amazing. So try one and report back!"
"KMA Music Congratulates Team USA!!!"
". was great at #reasonrally. Might do encore later."
"its a lucky day"
"you are the BEST! I remember you helped guide me home on side streets in Nov. 2010"
"Yes !!!!! :D I will cook for you. Will you bring Nathan also ??"
"Do Truth and Kofi get to use the Freebird rule to defend the belts with Lil Jimmy?"
"We're happy and excited to have you and the rest of Team Penske here in the D!"
"nothing like a good chat with , but i think i need a drink. margs soon? haha"
"at least that brand of self loathing tastes good"
"whats good! What have you been working on?"
"Looks beautiful outside in #STL. It's time to stop working and go out and get some fresh air...and a cocktail."
"Oh but then you gotta come to Sweden! ;)<3"
"btw I'm not short -.-"
"Thanks for spreading the word! I dare anyone to watch the trailer and stay indifferent - Watch"
"One hand buzz: play ghost notes on snare in a groove and experiment with one hand buzzes on toms and snare."
"GUYS the day that gifs with sound are created, my life will be complete."
"Anyone have any funny parenting stories? We're talking about being intentional with your parenting this week..."
"Xoxo !!! No new pics of W today, I'm kinda bummed out about that."
"Love this"
"“: Lol at Matrix on #futurefood, that's amazing. Makes me think of Plankton's computer wife on Spongebob hahaha”"
"I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?!! <33"
"#Kings!!! They're unbelievable. Loving this."
"I cannot take pictures of speakers in a dark room only illuminated by a slideshow. Epic fail, Haggerty"
"Chad Kroeger, \"HERO\" OH YEAH...where is my SPIDERMAN?????"
"I know what you mean! I get anxiety every time I watch it."
"Can't get away from cursing today. At the talk about profanity detection then coding negative YouTube comments for my own paper."
"the greatest feeling is when im running with pure adrenaline and i dont have control of my legs, but i know im still moving full speed"
"With my pals at Al Deeby #Chrysler #Dodge #Jeep #Ram in Clarkston till 7. Come pick a present off the tree with"
"So glad you're remenicing on how we met after standing me up. :-*"
"Thank god for this heating pad and this bottle of Vicodin #ouch :("
"Where can I find your work at??"
"I expect many of the \"creative class\" to move out of North Carolina w/ passage of an anti-gay marriage amendment. I won't visit there. Ever."
"Wise actions are stronger than wise words"
"Trust no MAN . Fear no BiTCH ."
"is it going to happen for sure??"
"My work here is done!"
"I'm a little drunk on Fort Wayne, and high on Indiana. #LukeBryan ❤"
"So tired! Good day tho :), someone Skype me :)"
"Everytime I see Woody Harrelson on TV I have to say.. Zombieland!"
"Celebrating National Tour and Travel Week with at"
"Knowledge is power especially when it comes to a ruling in a tournament. Learn the basics & find out what rules they are operating by."
"yeah mane. Like 5 or so if that's cool"
"Wow, #NF is very sexy, troooooooooooof"
"Tuesdays are VIP night at the Scholars Inn--1/2 price on all appetizers for VIP club!! We hope to see you there. Plz rt"
"#DontGo in the street, #DontGo in the backyards of people you don't know, don't bring glass onto Mifflin Street"
"bless Reggae Vibes! give thanks for the strength"
"Some great thinking came out of today's #EdInnoMeetup; thanks for organizing."
"Fruit Loot looser :("
"Morning! Wishing all a blessed week filled with progression in all aspects!"
"It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona."
"Charity sees the need, not the cause. German Proverb"
"Let it be known. Kettle cracked pepper chips do not agree with my taste buds. Ew."
"Did y'all get yours yet?"
"sat in bed writing your letter with my hair up.. The hair'do you should never do! :P hahaha ♥"
"Catches a case while injured; does 3 yrs RT : Cam Newton getting the Madden cover? Panthers 6-10. He's missing half the season"
"thanks 4 follow"
"Was I imaging things or did I really pass Steven Seagal on the streets of Ashland, Oregon?"
"how very pinteresting!"
"yooooo! I miss you, you need to hit my line its been to long"
"Billingsley throwing hooks. Thank you. Need your boy Jansen to close em out."
"Need another evangelist? Holy smokes call me."
"Max, it's raining and I'm so ready to give Über a try... Can I get a ride at 325 N Jefferson? Bar full of people who need 1 :)"
"yea I kno bt so have u!"
"you guys look amazing!"
"same its been a minute mam how you been"
"Who needs the Bulls and the Heat? I just watched an epic Yankees comeback and walkoff win after being behind 4-1. Go Yanks!!"
"Everyone should try and love themselves. Its not the same as being cocky."
"Best feeling in the world? Finally fitting back into your \"in shape\" jeans ;) HOLLA."
"\"Many Waters/Many Floods\" has officially been endorsed by the Saint of the Step. Only $4.99 on iTunes. Tap dance it up!"
"i'd love to be a history teacher but I don't like childern."
"New Kindle looks Attractive will look into that!!..but i'm in iPhone 5 mode right now!!"
"I just went and followed that girl so tell justin!"
"Prayers out to #TeamVinnyV 14 year fighting a tough fight! Get it trending so more prayers go up"
"Thanks, Dan. Enjoy!"
"Gonna go wash my dog then take him walking.!<3"
"Hate it when I bring yogurt but forget a spoon. I'm actually thinking about trying to use this straw rather than walk 6 floors to the cafe."
"thanks for sharing your story and work in LA tonight!"
"companies are people my friend. Sorry, couldn't help it. Love your tweets."
"Everyone is in NYC tonight. Love."
"Great presentation and visuals by 'Using online marketing to date leads and marry customers'"
"SB15 does take into account the $ the state gives to the schools. That's why standard rate in #COasset is higher than in-state rate"
"Thank you. I think."
"Tease with ur tongue + fingers by tracing all over the inside of her thighs and near and around her pussy she would start drippin."
"only you would celebrate a Twitter-versary"
"Mark Edwards? or Fred Morton?"
"let the haters hate you got swag kid"
"it's magic!"
"Come by the branch today or tomorrow with your debit card to receive your FREE Georgetown Day 2012 sunglasses!"
"Good advice: “: Have wallet and keys already in safe closet. #Joplin #tornado #neverforget”"
"Aw shucks. We love you too!"
"If you don't trust anyone, you probably can't be trusted."
"good call on Barnes. Might even be a poor man's Williams"
"hope your recovery is progressing apace!"
"- Thanks for following! What are today's musings?"
"good morning"
"What are you cooking for Mom tomorrow?"
"Still singing , softball cheers .. -________-"
"Janet & Nick have #Warpedtour tickets this morning."
"Ladies, what kinds of photos turn you away on dating sites? Shirtless? Blurry? Him with some woman?"
"Big time players make big time plays in big time games. That's everything Omer Asik is NOT."
"I think that's a brilliant idea. Ms. Smarty pants."
"Q3) LD needs to measure success by learners improving performance on the job."
"Red eyed and blue"
"college isn't for me but the closest is sjsu"
"#newbalance my custom 574s were delivered today while I was at work. Stolen before I got home. Heart broken."
"#FF Check these great supporters of ROCK!"
"I wish terrible harm to santino."
"We're working with What a Pair (whatapair.org) to fight breast cancer. They donate to the John Wayne Cancer center--be bad, do good!"
"I'm pretty sure this #shirtoff is illegal in most countries..."
"Just when you think you know someone... YOU DON'T."
"im down!"
"what up to the crew in Scottsdale...Always a good time doin it in the Park."
"Stressed out... between work, school, job searching and group projects... I need spring break now more than ever."
"engagement was a push too. we get a new word and it's like a shiny new pet."
"Wish you were here..."
"oh true. I kind of tweeted out before you said anything. Very un-courteous of me."
"Caroline Davis is #killingit with the Patricia Barber band at the Green Mill. Seriously."
"Ha! RT : Phew, glad it's morning! Lady in hosp bed opposite me sleep-argued with herself ALL NIGHT. In different accents! :o"
"Q2. A new dawn to guerilla marketing, but there are positives"
"Turkey Day humor! Question: y did the band let the turkey join>>??? Aanswer: Cuz he had drumsticks! LOL!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Pritchett is a class act and will fit in to your program nicely."
"Exploring the Austin grocery store scene with She's giddy, like an acrobat in a mattress store!!!"
"Ichiro ... Way to GO"
"I know what breasts are...they're boobies..."
"AnOtHeR gOoD mOrNiNg FrOm HaWaii!!!!"
"One Fish. Two Fish. Red Fish. Blue Fish."
"Email gets 0.5% response rate; LinkedIn in-mail gets 30% That's 60x more effective."
"She got a phat ass too..."
"Most mellow song ever <3 I'm Jim Morrison I'm dead - Mogwai"
"I LOVE the Mango Habanero kale chips. They are amazing! Thanks #blogathonatx for introducing me to them!"
"A moment of appreciation for #madmen PR team. Is there an outlet that hasn't featured the show's return tonight?"
"Music is my new blade, To let the old scars fade."
"You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen"
"The Diviners is being compared to #DorothyParker story. We have to get in the DPSociety"
"i need some new songs on my ipod #help :)"
"Rehearsals start this week for the Evanston Symphony Orchestra. Liszt, Schubert and Dvorak are on the first program."
"Text ClimaticNationDMv to 74455 to see Mac Miller FREE tonight at"
"I happen to like your distinctive laugh. Should be the 'National Laugh\"? LOL"
"have you tried redirecting with exercise?"
"Chillin 'S Downtown"
"Downing ginger tea to stave off illness and remain energized. Threw in some real smashed ginger root lest I be mistaken for a teabagger."
"My last all nighter of the quarter. The am to am life."
"Anybody how do you say heartbroken in spanish lol im serious <<3 TeAmo <3>"
"So, \"glass break\" alarm is going off and nobody's home. Where's Dog the Bounty Hunter when you need him?"
"They're great. Thanks!"
"Previously was only really invested in Raylan/Boyd, but it's working almost as an ensemble right now. So many good characters."
"I'm sending a shout out to all family & friends. I hope everyone is having a bless day."
"praying for you!"
"Just had the best time vocal coaching Kaylyn's daughter Kathryn for her audition for Footloose tomorrow. OMG she is adorable."
"“: The main reason I want summer to come so bad is so I don't have to get up at 6:30 everyday -___-” I get up at 5 😨"
"OH MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS!!! JUSTIN FINALLY NOTICED YOU!!<3 CONGRATS AUSTIN xD"
"she never said in the story that the service was bad. She just said she didn't want to tip"
"Chillin like a villain."
"I'm cracking that smile i just can't seem to loose.<3"
"RT : concert tonight with , and ! Don't miss out benefitting YOUNG LIFE 7:30pm in Eugene"
"when son had knee surgery - he got a twitter account so he could ask me for meds:) that is my parenting- very 21st century:)"
"\"What Is love\" ? Baby don't hurt me. Don't hurt me. No more"
"18 Grammy winner and Polka legend Jimmy Sturr now on Adva Mobile. Text getpolka to 88704 on your phone."
"… and one by one the endless supply of WintOgreen lifesavers enter my mouth"
"NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Jupiter has 63 moons and one of them is volcanically active- the only one of its kind in the entire solar system!"
"You'll find St. John's a great place to launch your future from. Congrats, Professor Charles Wankel"
"Working on RWA blog post. Got to debrief. lol"
"Happy New Year Bro!!!"
"attempts to watch football but just sings show tunes."
"should have put her in an"
"Sounds like a likely next step... “: Sources tell quad-core iPad 3 with 4G LTE to be unveiled in New York next week”"
"no shirt."
"thank god the brewer game is on. cant stand the knicks and the heat series."
"Its never to late to chase a dream"
"Thx for the RTs! We're at 473. Need more!"
"Just saw 4 red Camry's in Maysville must be a popular color!"
"Where was you at today bro?"
"Leavin for the baptism in 30 mins :) keep tweeting, we just wont reply til waayy later :P sorry! :)"
"Why did Chilly Willy want pancakes anyway?"
"Google’s Kent Walker: It took until 2003 for man to create 5 exabytes of info. In 2010, 5 exabytes of information are created every 2 days"
"leta go rangers"
"Follow 's very own MAXIM model !"
"contest prize going to someone who projected davis with 30+ pts! wow Davis with 18pts already! Cats are MONSTAS tonight"
"Reading about the Mel Gibson Joe Eszterhas feud makes me miss the '90's"
"Let's chat more, but I'm game, & interested in hearing things you guys do out there. Commencement is 5/12 but I can make it work."
"Who could not love Roseanne getting slammed with a log."
"Celebrities and kids talk about what they learned from failing! On this Sunday 9pm EST on our NEW SHOW"
"following :) Thanks for the love and support!!"
"RT : RT : Congratulations to Dr. Khator, the 2012 Executive Communicator of Year award from IABC...."
"Thanks for the follow, Jenny."
"Guns N Roses?"
"Thanks for the #FF!"
"it's because justin is there and let's face it, he IS incredibly appetizing"
"love mean to see happiness with a person(s) without guilt or envy. something that is felt by earning or at first sight."
"I've really been trying to win this contest! Haha"
"Is it weird that I'm a dude, and I ordered hydrolyze last night?"
"I believe in miracles!!!! The come-back kings"
"Bill Edler coined this term the \"verbal freeroll\" a few years ago. Pretty genius IMO."
"what's the difference between Gold and Silver VIP?"
"I think you're amazing talented. I am betting I will see you accept many awards in the future :)"
"not at all you should say what up doe"
"took a 6hr nap, woke up and my Dm has nun but redbones in it!! lol"
"Woops! Well I am just the tourist..."
"rogers where u at fam u in LA?"
"Riches cover a multitude of woes. Menander"
"that's pretty good news for natural blondes. And MEN."
"Q. What do you call two lesbians with their period? A. Finger painting."
"During the Apprentice finale, the Donald will announce his Presidential intentions. Until then, lets see who gets the boot tonite!!!"
"hey lady call tomorrow..."
"Thank you for bringing #cltgrok together... Really enjoyed it! Looking forward to the next event."
"This is great! Please let us know how your #TIB project goes. RT: My J-term class is focusing on"
"And that's how you atone right there. Jameer w a hard drive, layup +1. all of a sudden we have a tie game. TO #Pacers, building rocking."
"yall bitches is tired , get off my phone and go get some money ."
"Open The Books, NFL Owners! Be Transparent & Bargain in Goodfaith..."
"Pineapple + shallots + cilantro + toasted coconut = food heaven."
"Today&#39;s top stories"
"Last night was the perfect intro to summer"
"WHY DO YOU NEVER TELL ME THINGS... maybe id bring you cherrys if you did...."
"Basically in a nutshell we can utilize our past learnings to ensure that we can achieve this deliverable from a media perspective."
"Tapping personal passions is critical to consumer engagement. Marketers: How have you touched a life?"
"Boo. Donald & Peta got robbed. Only one 10?! They totally deserved a 30!!"
"In Portland! And I feel it all around."
"Thanks for the add request. I would be happy to follow you as well. I am honored that you would like to follow me. Noah"
"Everyone get ready for to get back on Twitter...with wins comes Tweets."
"Certainly anyway! (hall pass)"
"haha you can try (x but that's not till next wednesdayy :D"
"#bookaday HOW TO HUG by Maryann MacDonald, another resource for \"how to\" writing"
"Watch your back for real."
"Congrats to #Bills on making things happen! My Question: #10 pick now- WR, OT, CB all make sense, or should they take another pass rusher?"
"Love how vibrant it looks.Waterfrtont park is lovely but in a way it's just as sterile as the freeway it replaced."
"Sunglasses and advil, last nite was mad real."
"Will my wife be angry because I woke her up or because I didn't wake her up sooner?"
"We don't like you nerds around here, stinking up our precious geek space. :P"
"Pan roasted rushing waters trout, braised greens, baby carrots and turnips anb BUTTER! Featured tonight and #Friday fish fry"
"thanks, jan. Mind if I ask how you found me on the interwebz?"
"\"High 5ing al the fans on the way out\" who are you, ?"
"I hate wen ppl change der moods in a matter of 2 secs"
"Twitter likes you a lot but isn't ready for a serious relationship right now."
"LOL! Funny how that works out. RT : Usually I'm the one asking for vodka. But this morning vodka's asking for me!..."
"#Allin win for the gmen last night. Part 2 has the Badgers smelling like roses."
"Naw he's lower than that -- more like the Devil's hemorrhoids...Karl's a Demon Roid!"
"I'm the nicest person you know and YOU KNOW IT!!!"
"Loved your vacation shots...I can't believe those are from your phone. the detail was fantastic. N95 rocks!"
"PPSS Feature Flavor: Key Lime Pie. Come check it out before it's gone :). Owow"
"I would probably like LeBron if he didnt whine like a bitch after every whistle"
"Good looks on bringing me Marylous to work youre a gem! Thank you!"
"I love knowing when I'm right"
"cant wait for fair food.... hm"
"I really miss bade 😢"
"is honoring the Council tonight at their 130th Anniversary Celebration, from 6–9 PM. Hope to see you there!"
"This song is orgasmic right now .."
"having a monster to keep it steppin !!!"
"Thanks to everyone who reached out to us about A Good Day to Die. Put us in touch with your local library and they can order a copy from us."
"Thanks, bro. It'll be a Metal Knee. So that's be cool in away. METAL To My BONES! \m/"
"Come enjoy some wonderful music by the duo Just Blue tonight from 7-830pm"
"who is disrespecting CW?"
"Thanks for coming through tonight with the fellas!"
"Yup, im changin my major!"
"sugar free kool-aid is like orgasm free sex...."
"do you know what type of dress and shoes you want ??xx"
"u two played great Sunday! Stay focused good things will come. Enjoy the time off"
"Will this cold ever go away!!!"
"Another hilarious Direct TV ad!! Don't wake up in a roadside ditch..Get #direct tv....lol!!"
"my aunt passed!!!! Where the hell you been??????"
"jus got off. work"
"And I'm not trying to bust your chops; you wouldn't have your résumé w/out a good head on your shoulders & passion for the game (:"
"good night."
"Bout to jump in the shower. #SHOTZofXOcafe ya :-)"
"Guess he went to slp on me :-\"
"RT If we’re all publishing content, who’s reading it? simplyzesty.com/social-media/i… via"
"major shoutout to D Hell, hasn't smoked in 8 months!!!!!"
"I think my mind surpasses a lot of people."
"I'm holding you to that! RT : Avengers was fantastic, way better than the 2 you mentioned."
"Had a great turn out for a neighborhood walk for my campaign on #neighborhoods, #smallbusiness and #tech. Thanks everyone."
"whats good kid u ready for that bike big time'r"
"It takes less work to succeed than to fail- W. Clement Stone"
"Good morning! RT : G'morning y'all <3 Just woke up!~ ^_~"
"Yes, everything is in the works ...."
"I think I will go eat some salad"
"Can't let the Heat win this shit."
"Re: Zero Contact EV Charging From Nissan (Really)"
"Just implemented existing Epic mychart ap RT : Kaiser Permanente just made 9- Million EHR s available on line to the patients."
"last one out...please turn off the lights."
"it's more sad than scary. I didn't want to live."
"It says more about the medium than the society at large. IMHO"
"I wish would man up to his bet. He just knows he's gonna be losing that money."
"Nothing says \"I'm gonna' kick your ass\", like Justin Beiber. Really Mayweather? Really?"
"5 days left till #Christmas! Need last minute gift ideas? Check us out at www.meitracknet"
"You can keep your Vegas sideshows. The real magic in the world is salt. Poof... blandness disappears & suddenly I'm the chicken soup champ!"
"I'm volunteering!! See you there!"
"ugh, runnin 5 miles in the darkness of wash park and then eating around 3 lbs of pasta and cookies is not the way to train"
"No BYOB restaurants in Des Moines?"
"Wife told 2 y.o. it was time for his nap. His response-No, I'm watching the race."
"Missing #umwdrag right now. And my internet is too slow to even get #ds106radio :("
"No she teaches Lodging Management! :)"
"What's happeningin sd"
"Snl will never be better than last nights episode and especially manning's \"thats how I throw a grenade\" moment!"
"Sunny skies, white sand, and clear water! Join us for some reggae in the Pier Bar tonight with One Irie!"
"Our country spends the most on health care, but we are far from the healthiest industrialized nation"
"Few hrs ago, nothing on the calendar. Now I have 2 w/in the wk. That's what I get 4 checkin my email."
"Christmas comes early for children in foster care - Gainesville Sun"
"Hm...never used it that way. Mostly \"Ya'll are cracking me up!\" Maybe we should just switch to \"yous guys\""
"We lowered the sky. There's less room."
"don't even know how this ish works"
"OMG!!!!!!!! Squeals and dances. I hope you love it, but sock it to me! It's gotta be near perfect when we send it!"
"of course! It really changed my thinking about food so hopefully other people will check it out too."
"Happy St. Patty's Day Everyone!! Cheers to a foggy Sunday for most!"
"What hurts more - physical or emotional pain?"
"...I don't like basketball. LOL. I'm a football person."
"all you need is tequila, ice & an umbrella and you've got a drink"
"Great job this morning on #Charlotte Talks!"
"RT : RT FLASH -- LOS ANGELES -- \"KING OF POP\" MICHAEL JACKSON HAS DIED."
"awe *blush ALERT* haha! :))"
"“: It will be interesting to see if the Browns trade Colt today!” U think we could get a pick for the current draft 4 him?"
"quit farting"
"Happy Birthday to the College of Communications And Information, may the joining go forward with great vigor."
"I am seeing Craig Finn!"
"This could be the greatest single day in tournament history with 2 Number 2's going down.Big ups 2 Lehigh and Norfork St"
"On the beach chillin"
"The satisfaction of knowing you still think about me"
"RT : Packed theater. Smell of diapers, parental anxiety and fake butter. The Lorax better sh*t gold rainbows."
"Here comes a kid without his shoes says hes here for the show, 'sorry kid , chris drew's enough for this world!'"
"Thank god for all my success...."
"The spring concert was perfect ☺"
"Hey guys, check out my article on star in today's issue of #knighthawksinsider found in the"
"join a league then?"
"Finish the lyric... \"Turn it up make it louder...\" :)"
"lmao always have me laughing :)"
"Nice! You've gotta download the #app from -- it's #free! I can't stop using it!"
"follow for followw? :)"
"I'd skip a meal to sit through WONDER MAN. I find him hilarious too. Then he moved me in SKOKIE on TV."
"“: lying on the kitchen floor crying because there is nothing good to eat.”"
"good form: lower resistance or do less reps if you can't maintain proper alignment or if you're using momentum to move the weight"
"sounds like lunch"
"Daddy gets grabby."
"wwhen i was little i wanted to be one of the fruit of the loom mascots. the grapes or the apple. I like the apple guy's hat!"
"Brand is bigger than the sum of the parts"
"I made this account so i could support you 100%. Im going to be by your side thru the journey, i promise <3 #Followme :)"
"I like seeing someone smile and knowing I made them happy. :)"
"tell me about it uh um cough cough Haley lol jk"
"When working with a video production company, find one who will design your video and plan all the important production elements."
"Mastering 's record! #Dope! make sure you cop it when it comes out. Show love to your independent musicians.."
"Can't wait to see you either Nicholas..#bank runs RT : Sorry, but I had to mute you until Mar 28, 2012 1:59a"
"Can I call you Patrick? Only if you'll be my sponge bob. Do they have butt sex? Yupp. I'm in"
"where's the moderator?"
"Enjoying a great presentation by on the #KCCXR initiative during #EDC luncheon. You must check out KCCreativeCrossroads!"
"Romney policies are updated versions of Bush-era programs."
"What? is coming to #sschat this Monday at 7pm est? Wow, you don't want to miss that. A special Elluminate session? Cool!"
"Have fun dudes - bedtime for me."
"Thanks for the RT!"
"Wish we knew about it - Us entrepreneurs would of loved to attend! Hope to be there next year!"
"I played terrible golf today but it was a blast...Congrats to for a monster day on the course..thanks to for host"
"RT : Ahahha Google homepage. I like it."
"Thank you. I will submit my query."
"What a fantastic way to run something people put their hard-earned money towards!"
"We're all proud of the USA Soccer team for demonstrating that team work, dignity and resilience are still American values."
"Follow me in my Twitter business page"
"This girl in this class is playing flipping #mileycyrus...shoot me please..."
"yor so amazing"
"Damn!! You do have a way with words (; LOL! <3"
"thank you(: I appreciate it"
"It's RAINING hard."
"Yea but they aren't TSRs RT : When tech support people are hired to read questions from an \"If/Then\" list, I go into a rage."
"I disagree. Your image should not ALWAYS be above your headline."
"FOLLOW ME BACK LETS NETWORK"
"Cubicle nail-clipping! Yuck! RT : Heavy perfume and scented candles never ok ... rude office behavior that drives you nutty?"
"Hi thanks for the follow!"
"way to go, Joe! We need good men like you in Philly"
"i'm eatin a fruit roll up. :)"
"i am SCARED for high school. hope i get no classes with you because i feel uncomfortable around you."
"Is it too soon to have my heart broken again by that damn good cup of joe? Maybe, but I'm a stronger person now. I can take it."
"Mixed reactions regarding contraband from the Tweeps."
"Elsewhere, iPhone is not tied 2 AT&T. T-Mobile (incumbent) in Germany, O2 in UK, etc."
"settle down, internetz: BON JOVI IS ALIVE! HE'S ALIVE!!!"
"Congratulations to all winning bidders!"
"PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209."
"is it still possible to sign up for this?"
"Researchers propose giving out statins with fast food to combat the cholesterol...what about all the other health issues?..."
"I am, but not the rest of the guys. I'm filling in for this other team."
"You might not want to invest in Bored to Death. I heard the show has just been canceled :("
"A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his thoughts, and so indirectly, yet surely, shape his circumstances.~ Na"
"Thanks for the follow! We publish the next generation of award winning authors. This is where it all starts!"
"wow yea spam is awesome"
"At 6 pm, the VA House is only on budget amendment #65; judicial vacancies need to be filled. Looks like it'll be a long night in Richmond."
"I love Nordstrom rack! Have fun :)"
"Eh confusing enough. Always leads back to if they're saying boo or boo-urns?"
"What's a good bar to go to on a Saturday night down South Side?"
"making my new twitter account after the dflyzer never woke up"
"Had cell service on the platforms between Forest Glen & Glenmont for the first time today! It's a great day for AT&T."
"I like that Bristol Palin is blogging about traditional marriage. I'm going to use my English degree and start one about particle physics."
"My interview on with Chuck Klosterman and Morgan St.'s Seth Vannatta. Pass it around."
"An effort made for the happiness of others lifts above ourselves. Lydia M. Child"
"I loved that line!"
"If you want to see a comic strip, you should see me in the shower."
"Thanks for helping to promote the Memorial Day Blitz!"
"please tell me that the #superbowlnorv hashtag is satirical."
"- has Oprah arrived?"
"Dammit, why do I always think #steampunkchat is in the 7pm (PST) hour? Anyway, John Frame at is awesome, you should go."
"Seize the moment. Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart. ~ Erma Bombeck"
"Wow - #stvincent far exceeding expectations here in Pittsburgh tonight."
"Thanks, gal!"
"If the #eruppionzone does what I think they're planning on doing then the game tonight is going to be awesome."
"Cute little Toby is so shy:) Kinda like someone else we know....lol"
"Packing all my things heading to Ricon beach in Puerto Rico :-) for some surfing I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!"
"watching movie with my cuzzin. hahah pretty funny"
"Mission completed :D"
"Its Take Your Dog To Work Day!!!"
"Oh yeah, me and evie are'nt friends anymore. jussayin,"
"Malik knows me too well. :)"
"It would be nice 4 if were Prez; Then he could spend all his obstruction time on golf/tanning instead."
"Thanks will c if I can get it 2 u by christmas!!!"
"Instead of sweats, try working out in cute tennis skirts. Your legs will look a mile long!"
"Really bored and i want to follow me RT : Hey wassup? :)"
"If you sing flat and have no stage presence, you too can be in the final 2 on American Idol!?!"
"Location 3, Clue 3 (continued): Before you enter the door just look to your right And find a small tree covered in lights"
"Another Top Pick: 10/31 Sweeney Todd Shave-Off to benefit Movember. Free live music/discounted eats! RT Plz"
"I don't follow and unfollow. I never go on this so i donno what it's doing."
"if Cleveland fired him under King James; what makes you think LA would keep him longer than a season?"
"This shout out is for my new follower"
"All fingers for me. Mavis Beacon taught me how to type and broke my two finger habit. You might be too young to know her :)"
"Most random trip ever is bout to happen. Crickets and tanning. Probably not in that order"
"No one is noticing that im on twitter YEAH BUDDY!!! ;D"
"Hey - I'm in SFO this weekend. Lunch? Coffee? xoxo"
"Beautiful day in Los Angeles! Let's celebrate with a new post"
"#thingsiregret Leaving my 6th form, to go some sports college shit"
"Forget love - I'd rather fall in chocolate!"
"Fun chat w/ today. I was reminiscing about art school & how few messes we get to make in Real Life. Time to throw some paint around."
"She better"
"\": Siri, find my gracefulness. #awkwardgirlproblems\" something you need..."
"My grandparents came to church matching.."
"You cast a spell on me , you hit me like the sky fell on me <3"
"Yess i am"
"Well, if ya gonna go \"blue\", how do ya feel about Dorothy Moore - \"Misty Blue\"? Have a great day , my friend!"
"“A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.” - John Maxwell"
"Hope everything's ok bro!"
"Thanks Lady Di, keep grooving with us!!"
"Im home alone , everybody got low on me"
"Sad to hear that one of our dealer's bike shops has closed. Thank you Edina Bike & Sport in MN for your past support of the Buddy Bike."
"There are sixteen $25 FREE Gift Cards left for today. See post below"
"Candle-lit soak in the tub=amazing."
"Thank you for the feature!"
"My car just died, yay"
"I love it when my two-year old Stata syntax runs correctly on the first try!"
"I wish :(( but we have to stay in a certian county because my moms doc office.."
"good job!!!"
"Of course it's got to be pouring today for fox field. Oh well drink up everyone"
"And I have a headache plus my stomach hurts. Sucks 2 b me right now"
"Thought 4 The Day: Are you just living or are you living life and fulfilling your purpose? Make things happen, don't let them happen to you!"
"is it coming to Indy?!"
"RT : Thanks to for stopping by the #LocalUnderground Last Night! And for blogging about it here:..."
"Chinese company to buy Weetabix"
"Me too!!!! It's just not right being on set without you...which is why you should come to Portland!"
"it's not funny! Lol. -_____-"
"morning austin((:"
"any chance u coming back to wwe"
"Deadly stabbing in Lakeside, 10 year old accused of killing 12 year old."
"Just dropped a novel-like email in your inbox. Your WTT/riots post got my sociology wheels from college a' spinning."
"Having trouble posting logos onto Facebook pages. Use \"auto detect by FB\", but it pulls the wrong logo. Is there a secret?"
"Hey Belieber <3 Mind following back :) ? It would mean alot!!"
"#AchievementUnlocked won Settlers of Catan first time I played. Thanks"
"thanks Steve!"
"lmao I'm not sure if I'm giving it enough time tho! 😡. I'll do one more week of it and see if it works."
"RT : #eLearning content writers need to learn something from fiction writers to better engage their audiences."
"You're .. you're ... that wax bottle thing we had today! ^__<3"
"I'm pretty sure they dislike me more than you now lol"
"The piece is in progress, will keep you posted on when it airs--probably mid-week!"
"Love that #FlyMeToLondon is trending now. I will take a free flight to London anytime, #Olympics or not. Just send me!!!"
"I'm veryfucking irritated right now. She's not our kind and is reading to me like I'm 3."
"Chow yun fat boy slim"
"to funny. I don't like flying either"
"Had a great time at Mickah hornes bday party. Thanks to all who came and had a good time :)"
"Thank you!!!"
"Your math prof has a Phd and 8 years of schooling on you, stop being an asshole and trying to tell him he's wrong every 5 minutes."
"Who will score more pts in their series, Kobe, KD, TP or CP3?"
"Today is May Day…ha!"
"It must be new biz Wednesday at Inc. A new client signed and two requests for proposals in one day!"
"-- that's what I need today"
"“ Rest! #Jesus has done & provided all that u need @ Calvary. Cease struggling, sit still & let His provision flow today!”"
"Steve Christie of the #BuffaloBills chatting with us now on"
"Panera Bread?! Yum!! Only 4 more days till I head back East. Can't wait!!"
"#NECB's undergrad instructors have a 95% effectiveness rating. Start Monday and see why our students are so happy! Call 1-617-303-6942"
"RT : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: My strength lies solely in my tenacity–Louis Pasteur"
"Cmon Yo, time to turn it around!"
"a far away and really exotic place...in Crescent Hill."
"sounds good!"
"I hate it when my brother guilt trips me for never spending time with him :/"
"If you were the greatest actor in the world, what would you do?"
"let's just meet at 2:30"
"and I refuse to reinstall it cuz I don't wanna loose my CC. -____-"
"Oh ur home & want a burger but don't want to get out? No worries just hit up Rudy is freaking awesome!!"
"my thoughts exactly :-)"
"boom! Work is gonna be fun tomorrow! “: The Ohio Bobcats are headed to the Sweet Sixteen!!”"
"I'm not a player I just crush a lot"
"Lmfao alright, I'm on it!!"
"When old besfriends don't reply to your almost once every few month text < damn."
"I'm like a nun how I neva give a fuck."
"how I got to bed is the only thing I haven't figured out."
"After the 5th guy, something smelled... off."
"4 years ago i got shot! went in one way and came out the other! #blessed!"
"Planning a #stpatricksday party? Flavors for Saturday include the seasonal Bailey's Cake and Thin Mint, as well as our TEN everyday flavors!"
"It's #AskAndrea day! Send me your AFC North questions for today's Mailbag by 3pm Eastern via Twitter to be included!"
"Would it be wrong if Tiger blurted out: \"I wanna kick that porn star in her money maker!\"???"
"I'm money motivated, and it's a"
"Sitting here going thru Joel Ward tweets..shameful and sad! Not surprising..just shameful and sad"
"Just auditioned for a \"Caucasian and handsome researcher who's kind of a nerd.\" Who knew?"
"Disney universe!"
"Maybe I can get some when we make I to the crib!!!???."
"The phrase, \"must be nice,\" must be stopped."
"Home, let me go home. Home is wherever I'm with you!"
"Who you WERE isn't as important as who you ARE... and it definitely doesn't hold a candle to who you're going to BE."
"So sick of drama queens."
"i wish i could take you up on that"
"We have inspired and motivated very successful businesses & ministries. Our resume is extensive & intimate. Judge me by my fruit"
"All of the Coke commercials are making me happy. B5 doesn't get any love anymore. Especially the 3rd movement."
"Sapience for Success"
"lmao that's go funny"
"hey at lest you have money to get from the bank or put in the bank. :)"
"Do you want me to say \"Hi\" to for you? He is the keynote speaker this morning. Miss you!"
"Mom just asked my brother if he wanted to donate sperm to a lesbian couple I know who is in the market. #merrychristmas!"
"$42m budgeted from 2000 - 2010 in County Human Services funds went unspent. Meanwhile human services needs have gone unmet."
"can I get a follow back? I voted all day practically"
"Is this #MadMen episode dedicated to the memory of Steve Jobs?"
"Wonder who God's rooting for tonight? The Jesus freak or the rapist? Considering the circumstances of Jesus's birth, I say it's the rapist."
"Make Your Friday Better!!"
"RIP Jim Marshall"
"Going to go get my girls vday cards"
"Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo."
"chopped and screwed but yea, kinda awesome."
"“: The number of followers you have does not make you any better than anyone.. Hitler had millions.. Jesus had 12” I love it"
"#whitesox Thornton must have given up 20 duck snort hits in the last year. nevermind. another HR"
"Done! Hello summer ☀"
"Love the playlist!"
"RT : Tony Bennett was running out of players, but his team still found a way to win Tuesday nite in Blacksburg:..."
"Listening to The Hive podcast from & Share the #podcast love!"
"I'm not a girl and yes yes I am"
"Thanks! XO RT"
"Chilling on the pourch with listening to Good Charlotte"
"Picture A"
"Can't Let You Go-Fabolous never gets old. I love this song"
"Thank you you made this year so easy, & rep Stephanie Mayo actually made #taxes enjoyable! Will be back next season!"
"It's not always about what you know...sometimes it's who you know"
"If a optimistic person has his arm eaten by a alligator, he'll just say \"Hey at least no one will ask if I'm left or right handed!\""
"working on the 2012 calendar today...sneak peek coming later"
"Get ready. RT : Heading to plot the revolution with tomorrow. Then back in NYC Tuesday."
"Let's do it!"
"Any one else suffering with a painful knot in their chest?"
"not sure those stats are very relevant. How much has twitter grown over that time?"
"he ain't going anywhere ...and you are an idiot. When will cleve fans realize they are part of the problem ?"
"I keep getting DM's that people on another site said something about me.Fuck you it was in 2009 and I was super drunk assholes."
"#gutfeelings are always right"
"Things got crazy at Cell Block C when Skivvy got the wrong idea when I tried to rally the troops with my \" it's a game of inches\" speech!"
"TX! Back in the morning."
"thanks, I'm in class now, were about to get our tests back. This is always the more nerve-racking part."
"My car needs a detail in the most immediate way lol"
"Some times you get lucky. Sometimes, invisible // and automated. Sometimes, punched or incised."
"all your tweets five words"
"did you just disappear from Facebook?"
"In listening range of WPKN in Bridgeport CT? I'll be talking housing obsession tomorrow at 10:30am on The Binnie Klein Show."
"A4: Seating (w/ comfy cushions) is everything, as well as enough tables to rest drinks/food."
"Merry Christmas from your favorites at Sugar Shack BBQ in ATX!"
"CANT WAIT FOR MY PHOTO SHOOT TOMORROW =)"
"Make your own Monday. Let us know what you like and we build a wine tasting. Sold out show today for wine and Canvas."
"Watching GCB has inspired me - in light of continued unemployment - to seek out fantastic new opportunities in Juarez, MX, the place to be."
"what does she have that i dont? ohh, nevermindd im just better than her right? and you just wanted to down grade...?? go for it bro"
"thanks following back"
"Being Love!"
"And yet there seems to be so much enthusiasm for this place on Chowhound, etc. Did everyone else not notice?"
"You don't look as good as your FB pics! ;/"
"Lol, that's quite a lunch! Where is the FOOD?! I love , they are SO accommodating to my special requests."
"Jason Derulo is performing outside with the Knicks City Dancers"
"Don't tweet anything stupid, I'm on a culling mission"
"that's what I thought ! Where's dessert !"
"Rip steve jones thank u for the appel"
"watching cnbc documentaries is my new favorite hobby"
"Meeting for some Pickles love. Wish you were here !"
"I cuss a lot... its a hard habit to break."
"probably die. is my life. Oh and check the last one.."
"hot head on a cold night >"
"LOL you're probably right."
"I will make you mine, all mine ♥"
"yay! Good luck!"
"I just can't stop listening to Steel Magnolia by Steel Magnolia!"
"All these bitches be wanting the dick"
"Lol, well played!"
"Got a package for ya! PS the sign looks GREAT!"
"RT : You know they are a bandwagon fan when they leave the game before its even over."
"My afro had grown back out. Yea"
"At the National Harbor."
"JJ, you're my hero."
"cool face"
"Is power tough or expensive to upgrade? Saw that issue in my initial research and willing to tackle it."
"called u the other day"
"I hate when people make scenes."
"Happy Thanksgiving everyone...:)"
"Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak today at Academy of Our Lady's Peace, at 11:00 a.m!"
"Super short shorts and a hoodie. Either you're cold or you're not."
"I kinda Go over the top sometimes"
"Courage is the art of being the only person in the room who knows that you're scared to death."
"a very sad and unfortunate accident....we will miss you Salvatore!"
"where in ab are you? and dont worry, you live in the best city on the planet haha"
"post a status on Facebook n in 40 seconds he has over 6000 likes n comments. It takes me 7 hours to get one like lol"
"Yes it was VERY! Multiplayer was lacking majorly."
"hurry up GUY"
"Penny Stock lovers I really see \" APRO.PK \" really taking off this week.. get it NOW"
"At Sonics for a bit"
"Just came back from a walk down the national mall, snow men everywhere! Love this winter wonderland!"
"shopping would be fun if I weren't vertically challenged. or broke."
"It confuses me how Super Mario can smash bricks with his head and be fine, but dies once he touches a turtle"
"I don't mind being alone...But I hate feeling alone..."
"#Santorum: Whether it's #ObamaCare, #RomneyCare - they're interchangeable."
"Dang it was a nice try anyways"
"Geoff's new show, Inside the Nuclear Threat, premiers 3/ 2 (next Tuesday) on the Nat Geo Channel. Let us know what you think!"
"#AaronNorris is in the house!"
"Only one Answer! rel to Hot TrendsMore Tweets"
"Today, I lost my mood ring... I'm not sure how I feel about that."
"yeah right, that's a good one! Lol"
"\"He still writes blogs.\" \"Oh really...?\" \"Yeah.\" -epistemology, on the boundaries of itself"
"#mahomie if Im in your timeline please help me gain followers im #official #iphone4s twitter. Thanks(:"
"I stinkin' love it! How are you feeling? Isn't pregnancy harder with a two year old?"
"Thirdly, did I catch a Leibniz reference in one of those new songs?"
"You haven't watched Revenge... just sayin."
"what ru putting in ru lungs? ;)"
"lol well your saving women's lives everywhere, so they don't make the wrong decision on what to cover their breasts with."
"well you make a good point there but yeah I don't know depends on ya know the time"
"Bomb threats in PGH are spreading \": RT Bomb threat confirmed for point park Univeristy #pointpark #bombthreat\""
"m falafel salad .. I wish tesco choc croissants would make their way over!"
"\"When it's time it'll happen, until then do you\""
"hey, that song powered me through an arduous ride yesterday...sounds a lil like Sting in parts?"
"define \"alive\". But yeah, I'm home. >_<"
"Im just sayin"
"- she's on a plane moving to SF, today! That's how she is. YAYYYY!!! Drinks soon??"
"Hug the hurt. Kiss the broken. Befriend the lost. Love the lonely ;) x"
"I know girl. I'm not too good at it."
"RT help us find #ChristianLopez Yankee fan we have a present for you! Nice guys finish 1st! contact"
"RT The earliest known same-sex wedding took place in 65 A.D."
"Is there any nail lacquer more lush and fabulous than OPI? We don't think so. Stop by this weekend and pick up a few colors to try out!"
"I want Tiny Ball of Light as a ringtone."
"IT'S MY BIRTHDAY CAN I GET A FOLLOW YET????"
"Almost forgot. DEAD LAST in BA."
"eat some McDonalds :)"
"Goodbye Grizzlies. Spurs/Clippers...let's go! Game 1 Tuesday night! GO SPURS GO!!"
"it was nice meeting you at Avoce."
"how r u?"
"Ours take them, too, but earlier than the rest of the students."
"I <3 their SALTY SALTY fries !! and their nuggetz (: i also like those Iced Caramel Frappe xD FANCY"
"Other 3 libraries are open on Sat., and popular reserves will have duplicates at Zimmerman. Anything else you need from CSEL?"
"Everyone has a weakness. You just happen to be mine."
"I'm sure Moseley hasn't forgotten it either!"
"recording with mike :) then KNAPPS UNDERGROUND in BENNINGTON VT !!!"
"Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging can be a great way to send reminders ahead of those special times we all need flowers!"
"Cool concept. Include me as a fan."
"Haha! Oy - myspace. Which reminds me...I don't think ever deleted my account there..hmm..."
"would love to read your talk or see slides."
"#SupportingDH was best panel so far at #dlfforum. Pat yourselves on the back, Emory and NYU folks!"
"Time for bed! We shall continue these shinanigans at a later time...unless I can't fall asleep. lol"
"Ain't seen his seed in 14 days that dude to weak"
"myspace.com/morelikethemovies New Ep streaming!!!"
"“: If Tony Parker picked Alaska, it wouldn't shock me. No idea where the big fella is going.”when might he announce?"
"I kept asking the barista to level w/me but she played me :/ My fav girl quit & they took my fav drink off the list."
"Haters say \"Fuck Austin\". Ahh bro,I'm trying it every day..."
"Thats awesome!!! kickoff is at 6:30, more details are on the FB group invite lol"
"I will read the Chinese translation of a French novel out of spite. Victor Hugo (or \"Ye-Guo\" in Mandarin) here I come."
"2) If you want to transfer in a new player that is a diff position than your old player, move the old player to the bench first."
"OMG the wanted on punk'd was so funny!! Tom was literally about to crry&nathan was just cussing&yelling!! tht was amzing i love the wanted!"
"My wife always supports Team Russia, so I do, too. I'm just ignoring you-know-who."
"If we were playing kickball, I'd pick you first."
"Wow! First time we havw been ahead in the series! Go #nats!"
"sent and received 9000 texts this month. lol"
"I want to find someone that can create a high energy intro video in a week."
"send me a picture!"
"May the fourth be with you."
"loud and clear :)"
"NY'ers, Please let know you'd like him to deem May \"Aviation Month.\" #NY,"
"I'm great!!! Yay"
"That's so awesome! I'm still crossing my fingers!"
"me; madison your tears arent raindrops madison; yeah they are and your hair is silk that came from your mom's *bleep*"
"What's in a Keyword? New search inspired Sound Design is up now!"
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. ~Friedrich Nietzsche"
"despite living in switzerland and seeing plenty of snow, this florida girl is still in awe and loves watching the snow fall"
"Its titty tuesday! Gettin closer to fuck her friday!"
"So glad to be getting back into yoga. Forced myself up early this AM & am at Yay!"
"super excited to see you and Andrew!"
"I respect if you're a guy and you wanna dress like a girl, but for real, next time you go out in public dressed like that, shave your face."
"Mad excited for the wiz concert 1 more hour"
"Cold weather blah #iwant summer again \"/"
"BCG is getting annoying. there's a differnce between being a bad girl and being a rude ass bitch. just sayin. erica from bgc8..GO HOME"
"i DM'd you back!"
"If ur a mahomie and u live in NC tweet me!!!!"
"Outreagous Records Stank Productions need you to HELP !!! us gain Meech Dogg more fans tell someone Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube"
"Into the long commute back home"
"Chuck you type too fast // RT : Well, at this rate, Josh Tomlin is going to throw a 60-pitch complete game shutout."
"No offense but tell me a time a black movie came out and the theater filled with mindless teens and there parents"
"Thesis editing: the least enjoyable but most satisfying activity on earth!"
"“: Never say anything to an umpire you will never win Depends. If you make him feel dumb enough to quit umpiring. You win"
"Thanks for the quotation from Tagore."
"I wonder if i'm the only one who realized Kurt said Blaine Warbler. His last name is Anderson. Warbler is the glee group."
"someone just told me this: time+ observation=wisdom"
"Hello, Austin."
"I'm looking for it and found Sociopath Next Door. Is that the one? Always wondered how they feel no remorse."
"RT In case anyone has told you otherwise … it's OK to be gay. Remember that."
"That sounds fair and an extra for Sakya since I called her Ryan!"
"One of the royal wedding cake will be made of chocolate biscuits, which resembles the US \"twinkie cake\"."
"Copy. Paste. Repeat."
"Please have a look at my collegues frst blog-What do Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches have in common with Cloud Computing? | Networking..."
"You guys make me laugh... love ya'll. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump."
"I miss you more than you miss me & come to Florida to go to the playplace here"
"Dear Machinarium, I know it's really Adobe Flash's fault, but if you didn't actually save my game, please don't make it look like you did."
"Beat it up like"
"okay sweet just let me know when your wanting to do a shoot or something thanks :)"
"My boss just called me ,\"a people person\"...It's official.... I'm a phony.."
"I want to see the Harbaugh brothers face off in the Super Bowl, so go Ravens!"
"Running on one measly little hour of sleep."
"How come every station I select on #Pandora is playing jazz?! Come on Pandora, don't you know it's Friday!"
"you heard right! Be out there man... Keep u posted on details."
"What do you normally eat or drink during a tournament round?"
"IT IRRITATES THE FUCK OUT OF ME ! Talking about people only makes YOU ugly!!"
"that's one of my favorite Grantland pieces. Big fan of"
"Morning everyone! Had a rough night last night but it's nice and sunny *yawn* today :)"
"I had a great time with family and friends, now it's back to LA for me :)"
"Tomorrows FRiDAY!(:"
"hey adam, how are you?"
"I'm going to vote for Steely Dan, \"Reelin' in the Years\": \"You've been tellin' me you're a genius since you were 17...\""
"everything is good here! just workin on new stuff :) how are you?"
"Can they please stop showing that damn David Tyree catch!"
"WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE."
"LOL -- my dad just bought the iPhone 4S. I have to help him set it up. God help me and God bless his dumb little heart lol"
"Please tell your friends about !!! We're debuting soon and need all of Memphis, the USA, and the World to tweet us! LOVE!!"
"So who can help me promote my radio show?"
"bought a bag of chips but got half a bag of air instead... thanks popchips"
"...did u expect to c chicks at a RUSH show? Geddy is the hottest chick there!! Kidding"
"looks like I found Nemo."
"Its a good thing I work from home cuz it usually takes a good 2 hrs for me to realize that the PB and fluff I had 4lunch is all over my face"
"heeyyyy you wanna follow me now ? Yeah no? Kay"
"#PeopleWhoMatter - - Bringing hope & joy to homeless children for 22 years!"
"i liked her hair due lol"
"Shoe shopping is jerking off for ladies."
"Going through my voter guide. There sure are a lot of measures! And who are these judges?!?"
"#ThatAnnoyingFeeling you get when your soo tired but you can't sleep-.-"
"Poetry involves the mysteries of the irrational perceived through rational words."
"I'm about to punch my aunt in the fucking face. Annoying ass bitch."
"lol! shut up!"
"Walking to Bastille Days tonight & just heard Sam Cooke from a car going by. Thought of ya - hope you're well. (:"
"Need breakfast fast? Check out our VIP special at the Bakehouse--$2 egg sandwiches all day today! plz rt"
"Sometimes even a nights sleep doesn't improve a bad mood, going back to sleep"
"And no fucks we're given last night"
"plz following me"
"6 Nights Left in our Apple A Day Giveaway! Watch Big Bang Tonight @ 7 & 7:30 & you could win the new iPad, a Macbook Air, or an iPod Touch!"
"All I've had so far is cheese fries."
"Yeah, the wife just gave it away to a friend this weekend. Sorry brag."
"About to go play poker! ♠♥♣♦😏"
"Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, it's what you are expected to give - which is everything. ~ Anon"
"Found a new great thing my guys can do - checking review profiles for clients. Love having such efficient"
"\"they be sweating me like NBA player balls\" <3 <3 <3"
"great piece! Self realization of the inherent risk of loving sports in a corporate fueled environment is a nice touch."
"Interesting question. But at a point doesn't that become a bit \"stalker-like\"? Checking up on others activities?"
"same here but when you get your phone back???"
"GOOD I NEED TIME TO SAVE MONEY FOR ALL THAT MERCH I NEED THE SWEATSHIRT"
"Bloody Mary's or Manmosas this morning? The choice of 2012."
"Talking about Einstein at 1:34am is a great idea. Einstein is the man."
"#kyrieroy melbourne Australia"
"Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break. ~Earl Wilson"
"Thinking maybe Duffy was saving his arm on those IBB lobs"
"Thanks for checking up on me..oh wait."
"- I thought the same thing when I ate there the other day. Funny stuff. It used to be called Las Maracas!"
"Need to motivate to bike to work... which means getting up much, much earlier."
"Love Downtown Albuquerque? Want to help make it better? Albuquerque City Council is reviewing Dwntwn Sector Plan today at 5 pm City Hall."
"Why are people afraid to fail? Loosen up a little , failure changes your direction towards success."
"A corporation's first target is to generate profits. Government's first role is to take a large chunk of that money and give it to others."
"\"Who is your daddy......and what does he do?\""
"it's a catchy song"
"thanks Mike - we should do something together soon!"
"COULD THIS DAY GET ANY BETTER!?!?! Why yes, yes it could! Git on down to the mooglorious cow patio! Gddy Up!"
"Like the 1960's? Then this week is your week: www.midcenturymobler.com"
"Bon Iver - For Emma, For Ever Ago & TV On The Radio - Dear Science"
"Very cool tune!"
"that's disgusting!!!"
"Something special arrived in the mail today. Yes! My AARP card! Of course I'm not eligible to join until...uh, Wednesday..."
"RT Exciting for tomorrow's conference #C2CSS12 Me too!"
"My buddy just said he didn't want to go into the pit because he didn't want to get his shoes dirty.... I need my older brother!."
"*Face Palm*"
"syncing all accounts..."
"\": foreal bro?\" Hell yea wish I wouldnt have taken mine out"
"I don't doubt you for a second. Just speaking' my mind."
"A Cross to Bear, check it out, the website is on my page."
"Long day at the office, then a long night in the kitchen. Who else preps for thanksgiving today? :-)"
"I just honestly no longer have any fucks in my wallet to give. You're shit outta fucks, bro."
"funniest tweet I've read in a while. Miss ya Timmy! Alanis car jam this summer please?"
"Excellent! Sounds like you're sharing the msg of #AudaciousFaith RT my home group of ladies is currently on it!"
"I was shocked when \"We Love Like Vampires\" came across my today."
"What's the best nickname for Thursday? Friday Eve? Post Hump? How about Thristday? Oh yeah! Come and get it!"
"That's pretty cool!"
"good show but u gotta figure out how 2 speak over the music with it still playing instead of interrupting when you talk"
"hey buddy"
"It is October right? For your sake i hope it doesn't snow like this all winter!"
"I think you went the wrong way man. I - 37 to Corpus Christi is practically the Daytona 500."
"Ask, Seek, Knock"
"Thanks a lot, Mike!"
"I'm post op pterygium removal 13 days ago: pterygiumrecovery.blogspot.com has everything you want to know from my experience"
"Are you working over there this week?"
"Where did the morning go time to get up and Glam!!"
"Us too. Mother Nature better not get PMS before Saturday"
"Sometimes I wish I could eat raw beef and not die. It looks so delicious."
"300+ top prospects for the 2012 #NFL Draft converge on Indianapolis this week for the combine. Who do you hope YOUR team will pick up?"
"\"meet and greet\"more of a sit and clap. My kid is disappointed, it was def not sold that way when deciding to buy season tix"
"Follow me? ??"
"Loud girl in Mesa pizza- no one cares that you suck at learning foreign language. Learn to conjugate, we're trying to eat."
"Not in sydney. lol :p"
"You've managed to figure Twitter out."
"Ppl r bad liars :p"
"Is it the Sylvia Plath station?? : Geez... is playing all my fave-yet-depressing music."
"well, now that I have reached my limit of articles I have no idea what is going on. Did Korea launch a new ebook pricing scheme?"
"I fcking miss u"
"When you get a run in your tights <<<<<"
"Puto, the fuck u at?! That crackerjack phone die? Lolol. Stop with that prepay shit papi. Call me at the crib"
"The recording booth is IN!! There's no stopping us now. :)"
"Me: would you like jelly on your bagel? \"Only on 7/8 of it'\""
"If You See This Retweet"
"\"Well maybe i’m not perfect, at least i’m working on it\" - Hello Cold World"
"One of the best halftime performances I've seen in a long time! Nothing like Cowboy cheerleaders dancing to your own tunes."
"does make"
"everybody wave!"
"Others sang your life/ But now is a chance 2 shine/& have the pleasure of/ Saying what u mean/Have the pleasure of Meaning what u sing -"
"never mind I was told it was custom class for a corporate client. I'm just a student. Damn"
"Im not in the mood to cook haha why do you wanna make something?"
"the sound of a drum.. better yet, the sound of a guitar <3"
"yes you can. Tell Isaac to let me know what's up"
"Welcome international guests, one being pres of the canadian teachers federation"
"May 5th isn't officially posted yet-that's why you can't find it. It will be at 7pm-tickets available at box office earlier in week"
"Going to my village in Potou Louga, Senegal! Won't have internet for a while. Wish me luck!"
"followed. follow me? :)"
"Believe in yourself"
"Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast"
"Juss fell down the stairs with a glass of oj now it all over the place a hell of a clean of now :("
"hahaha it's funny. How'd you take group pictures? We never got to do that either."
"At a photo shoot where I'm being paid by the hour...they aren't being efficient & are having me sit around a lot. I'm good with that. :)"
"Happy 5 de mayo !:)"
"I saw free drinks and I replied right away. In my next gig I want to work for the project that puts on happy hours"
"RT : Great spaces inspire. They perform for the people + organizations that depend on them. Via +"
"Tell the truth: u want to be a ballet dancer, don't u?"
"hows your foot?"
"Difficult 2 nights of sports in DFW \": No f-ing way!\""
"Good Morning... Happy Weekend :)"
"love your Philly on the run blog post. Just moved here from NYC and struggling to find quick vegan friendly options!"
"The best treasure resides in graveyards: Many people died with dreams inside of them that they were afraid to try."
"most important question: does it have a shower"
"Cute ka ba?"
"#realathletes dont complain bout a broken nail"
"wow big pharma advertorial/damage control. You should be ashamed. Boo! You should tell readers when money changes hands."
"Seems while I was paying attention to other things, you lost your job! Didn't you just move out of state for that job? :("
"Odee drama for no reason -_-..."
"your so lucky that aka touched ur boob !! Aahh how did it feel ???"
"Chris Christie joke. RT : Hoagie summit"
"When people type like they have no sense <<<"
"My favorite part of print production has to be placing copy. It's like a giant puzzle, with words for pieces."
"Ugh why does uploading music take so damn long"
"Developing two new exciting film projects for 2012!"
"Did you like die or something??"
"What's up twitter world! Well after a great weekend of hoops l now I am left with watching Star Wars and Wrestle Mania."
"Ethiopian women are \"beautiful\"!!!"
"Hating my life right now. Screw you AP Gov..."
"thanks! Happy Aloha Friday to you! :)"
"at library in portwashingon, waiting for 4 hrs till dance starts (y) ."
"thanks MBH for"
"People Ask Me What #DamageMode Mean.Don't Worry About It Just Know Its 414 #DamageMode.Its Problems Bitch Ass Hoe."
"EVENING PLANS Weird pharmacy stop, quick run, pack up the cake vodka, babysit strangers' dozen children, eat German food, drink wine."
"i called you. text me =D love u too brther!"
"Find the difference at Galaxy Digitizing! Become our customer and feel the Galaxy Difference! Our customers are the main focus!"
"he wasn't very friendly so it could have been that he wanted to upsell."
"OK, OK, something nice. It's nice to not have to pretend like we're impressed by Derek's juggling"
"Congratulations to the Columbus winner of #LiveNationUltimateAccess, !"
"lol ty it'll go fast free n easy he's in prison lol"
"Trello is awesome! I use it every day."
"Exactly, that was my thought. No offer, so now deal with it... oh, the little Mets."
"my other twitter account:"
"it's"
"what happened!?"
"Yes! Mission accomplished! LMFAO😂"
"Toothache is gone. Temporarily. lol.. Damn, maybe one more vodka cranberry. ;)"
"At this point in my life I'm so happy nothing an Noone can Change that God is blessing me everyday an I continue to smile;)"
"Monday's the last day to register for NBC \"30 Rock\" w/ Head Casting Director Katja Blichfeld. Sign up online or call 212.594.9616 now!"
"#AGREED RT : Rip in the flow tonight"
"big Friday - ready for Leadership Harrison and a great weekend!"
"I'm gonna lose my temper & some sleep It's safe 2 say that I'm gonna get my payback if he's anything like me-Brad Paisley, Anything Like Me"
"I can do ANYTHING! Except fold a fitted sheet, I'll never be able to do that."
"Content mgmt, digital asset mgmt prohibively expensive for nearly all museums, but makes us less efficient"
"I'm full of useless info that occasionally becomes useful!"
"Fab bodied devil in a new dress beat."
"Fitness begins in the mind. MindFirstFitness."
"Almost #HH you can do it! Just think $1 #Bartab drinks...soon lol DM your email and I'll hook you up! Your hard work needs to be rewarded!"
"Its That Nut."
"it's crazy how you think you know someone so well... and realize you never really knew them at all..."
"yeah i think were trying to go to some place that has dollar beer from like 4-6"
"I can't believe I didn't wear my Hunters today."
"I'm hopeful <3"
"Im losing followers as fast as"
"CBA's up in September and Donnie Fehr now runs the PA. Sadly, do the math"
"If we didn't have anything to learn, we wouldn't have anything to become."
"Haha...I've been deep rubbing it with a raquetball and it's KILLING me today. No pain no gain I guess."
"Thx to the boys in for the follow!!"
"THANKS !!!!!!!\": May enjoy the happiest of days today and many more to come. Happy Birthday!\""
"ITA. It's hard tho- kids have been in PS their whole lives. Feels like we are 'deprogramming' in a way."
"Sick of turkey samiches in ziplocks"
"Just passed a drunk man stumbling down the street gripping several palm fronds for life. A block later, I passed the palm tree he accosted."
"I really need to get the \"in progress\" pics of my recent works off of my camera"
"yeah, I'm optimistic big picture, like a lot of ppl wanted it this yr bad"
"Join us for next week's topic of the week: university violence. Asking hard questions and making progress toward safer campuses."
"Weiner is stepping down. -New York TImes"
"Really don't like this limitation that twitter has once you reach 2000 followers. You have to get more followers yourself, to follow others."
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG CLARK HAS HIS OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT (':"
"\"A day without sex is a day wasted man!\" Judging from his awkward pantomime, he has wasted his whole life."
"The ones who like kissing~"
"is it weird to say that you make 19 million beliebers feel like you want them? Because I feel like you know me...;)"
"How can I reach you guys/your management?"
"lol. Did you have an unpleasant experience with a nozzle today or something?"
"FREDDiE ASS JUST ALMOST KiLLD US OVER A DAMN BUG &&ND SLAPPED THE SHiT OUT OF HiSSELF!!!!..THAT WAS THE FUNNiEST SHiT EVER!..KMSL!!!"
"HOLY HEARTHROB! Our Movies on Demand has an entire genre dedicated to Ryan Gosling! Ends February 29th, so time is running out!"
"Nun much chillin"
"why not celebrate two days lol it comes once a year :)"
"okay! -smiles-"
"I like the future"
"my mom my friend and who ever bday on the 26 is in 3 days yay!!! Finally I wish it was Sunday"
"That really sucks. Sorry."
"Thank you for being yourselves...and saying true to your highfive tweet from a year ago :D"
"Vegas has warmed up, slept with door open last night to cool down inside. Time to start being outdoor active again!"
"YOUR ONE OF THE GREATEST GUYS THAT I KNOW(: YOU ARE VERY SWEET AND FUNNY! I REALLY WISH I COULD MEET YOU ONE DAY<3Mahomie4Life"
"Best workout with Sherri this morning. I love Formula!"
"I am #proud to be an"
"learning is ALWAYS mobile! It's about seeing content in the real world which means hitting a moving target w/ ideas & participation"
"yeah! big win!"
"Theory via is he went full-on A Scanner Darkly"
"I think I might hit the gym. Got so much energy tonight."
"Um this rain better stop"
"my parents are stressing me out -____-"
"WOO-HOO! what a week so far. TGI Whiskey Wednesday! $2 off premium & $1 off well whiskeys + get a plate of ribs w/baked potato 4 only $7!"
"Read our bio bitch. MATT HUNTER FOLLOWS US, get it?"
"Has anyone checked in on and gotten our Juicy Cheese Pizza for only $4?"
"If you have something to tell the media, come up with a unique way to pitch it. If your quote is well-crafted, it’ll be one the media uses."
"Not gonna lie, I'm a fan of Tosh.0 now."
"I was nauseous and tingly all over... I was either in love or I had smallpox. ~ Woddy Allen"
"it would be even more lovely if you were in Arizona .<3"
"I just wished for: '\"Why Won't You Just Tell Us the Answer?\": Teaching Historical Thinking in Grades... via"
"very true! Haha, but that blueberry muffin sure was good!"
"why are u not sure luv? :)"
"Best night ever! Thank you for signing my arm because your brother wouldn't let you sign his!:) haha:)"
"Today I'm not shaking, but I am moving forward and thinking about lots of things!"
"So happy to digitally meet the folks looking forward to working with them!"
"I'm so sore, a massage would be nice "
"come on.. u know it won't be close lol"
"These women are so childish"
"He says you don't remember me , I said bawl nigga ! He says embody know lil fat fat . Well NOT ME MUTHAFUCKA !"
"Fuck being the only sober one!"
"Sometimes you just have to pretend like you belong somewhere in order to convince yourself. And others."
"I got an A on my Stevens paper!! Ah it is good to be me this morning."
"Good Morning, Sunshines!!!"
"\"Today I feel like doing what the tall, long haired asian-looking guy from The Black Eyed Peas does: Nothing.\""
"We love that fact that Zooppa has launched many careers for new videomakers and designers."
"And on this Friday Born This Way Ball High School Dance, I got my hair too high that I don't stand a chance."
"Ay, must be the money!"
"The Harder you work during peace the less you bleed in war -Brandon Jennings"
"hey your ugly."
"#Lacrosse at the same time. I own it."
"Hope everyone saw the piece on Paul Allen last night on 60 minutes. Inside look at Bill Gates and his management style. Interesting."
"My ears are so hot! Someone must be talking shit!!"
":D >RT : OMG. Total food orgasm"
"TY you for your support! RT : Big events Thurs&Friday.Book signings, parties, design panels galore!"
"thank you for understanding me. And listening.. I highly appreciate it."
"I don't understand how girls can be so stupid to have babies with losers who arent your boyfriend"
"way to go girl!!!!! So proud! That's awesome"
"- get Carl Q back. Not an Andrew fan. Too liberal & not as smart as Carl."
"Huge game this morning at 11est for NIKE CAMP School CPA and Coach Legate as they play Livingston in the TN Girls 2A Final Four."
"#MattCavanuaghSays Ross Perot was the best president the United States ever had"
"Madd hungry can't wait to get to this party!!"
"Im not sure."
"I'm putting through #childlabor right now."
"Pageant Tips: Don't sound rehearsed- be yourself and speak from the heart!"
"In the world of cyberspace, what is moving and shaking right now?"
"We have a new Facebook page! Look up Portland Pearl Rotary and like us for news and updates and what we're up to in the community"
"#TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving- food and football."
"move to the front of the line"
"I'm half way through and I'm pretty much already inclined to agree. I'm going to power through and finish it."
"It's finally Friday! Which Frank Sinatra song is putting you in a good mood today?"
"in your pants?"
"I didn't know that Holden from #CabinInTheWoods was on #GreysAnatomy. That is how long I haven't watched this show."
"perfect!!!! It's beyond amazing;)"
"This sucks so much"
"uh...kevin hart does not appeal to me. nor did his chunky bretheren."
"#oldguyat the airport is listening to the news on his iPad...WITH NO HEADPHONES!!"
"#Lastdayof2011 family lunch at Olive Garden. Yum."
"All crossed! I'm ignoring John. xoxox SNOW DAY"
"RT : nothing like \"Finals Buzz\"... it's EVERYWHERE! everybody's talking mavs/heat! lovin' it!"
"Ax looking like a closer against Castro."
"Happy 16th Birthday , hope you have an amazing day, loveyou! :]<3"
"90210 cast members on Talk Stoop right now on NBC...amazing."
"Feeding my cats their nightly snack - Life’s Abundance Wellness Food Supplement for Cats- holistic, nutritious, yummy!"
"direct message"
"#NorthCarolina Has Damage Buildings and Flooding. Power is out in many places. Many without power"
"All of a fucking sudden ravers wanna be hitting up Rock The Bells this year... Gtfo"
"\"Cindy\" and \"Karen\" at #Crossfit. They beat me and left me sore. Tonight is going to be \"Fight Gine Bad\". My last benchmark for week 1."
"- Almost always manual. You guys?"
"NEW FEATURE: To get a response in one of 85 Languages add /lang:XY/ to the call. SP=Spanish, FR=French, IT=Italian. Complete docs to come."
"PopWatch Planner: Behind-the-scenes at &#39;DWTS,&#39; new &#39;Dark Tower&#39; out, and the Boss plays Jazz Fest"
"A5:Yes, we should educate about challenges #caregivers face. Highlighting personal stories is a good way to do this."
"Back in town. Time for a hani!"
"Go Pack. there's ... um ... a lot to work on. Yikes. And I was totally sober. Grrrrrr"
"What does Huntsman have to do for more people to support him?"
"Thank you too!"
"My hatred for Siri is seeping into my dreams. I must have spent like 4 dream hours in conversations with people about how terrible she is."
"I cant with school anymore."
"your welcome :) xx"
"#mubb beat your precious Bo. I know it is your job to try to protect everything about him, but you fail miserably"
"you beat me to the tweet. Have a great night!"
"Big ups to for"
"Hunkered down writing another play test plan; this is starting to get old."
"you're so fucking bada[s][s]. I love you forever. <3"
"Really a Great great match! Chelsea vs. Napoli"
"flarf-driven Emily Dickinson impersonator uses \"yolo\" instead of dashes."
"Keep reading about bipartisan support. Which means, like, one dude/dudette.[smashes monitor]"
"In Abuja, Nigeria... beautiful state. Finally get to see what this is all about. Watching Hausa."
"im not so much looking forward to driving to Seattle by myself. shits like 38 hour drive"
"Hawks win it in OT....Go Hawks"
"I'm all about spreading great stories and well written work. Unfortunately it's hard to find stuff that meet both criteria."
"Stewart: New administration could reverse Wire Act reinterpretation: very unlikely but it could happen."
"Uh oh, is after me."
"ahaha ! Go to sleep freak !"
"Thx for the like!"
"Yeah I know. Lol! (:"
"some times its good to take a step back where you come from just to be sure you wanna go where your headed"
"aw u got me blushing"
"I think should make him a video of him singing"
"So! I just had my first full day of work at a LA florist shop! Woo! #yaymaking$$$"
"I know. I feel bad, but I know it's only temporary. The other one loves her crate and has earned the right to roam."
"Oh well that's what brothers are for😊"
"Thanks for linking to my blog today!"
"Delaware G #33 SJ Broadt with a great save on the PK to keep the lead 2-0."
"glad you were able to make it up for this one."
"I successfully went on a week-long vacation w/out my laptop. Could you do the same?"
"In 2002, #MayoClinic in Rochester, MN found that #optimistic people decreased risk of early death by 50%...compared to those with pessimism."
"Preparing to master our E.P."
"Happy World Book Night!!!!"
"To me a \"cheat meal\" consists of 2 bowls of Fiber One Original cereal with a protein shake as milk!"
"Yeah, and its currently unavailable at Amazon. =)"
"Microsoft is doing a lot of great things around BI / Analytics / Big Data. I'll be honest, I'm impressed."
"The best music was back in the day. Motown style. Frank Sinatra. Huey Lewis. Then theres The Temptations. The Platters. Classic shit."
"RT : Join us at 1:30 PM MST for Designing Holograms as Learning Spaces in Virtual Worlds #2012TCC Worldwide Online Conference"
"What was your favorite museum in 2011? Make a donation today so it ends the year on a good financial note and you receive a tax credit!..."
"killing it right now!!! These kids aren't ready for this shit!!!"
"oh yeah"
"Seriously my life can't gett any better, thank you for making it this way! :)"
"#illinois foul on paul his 3rd. double bonus for Gasser and #badgers with 1:27 left. officials reviewing call"
"Good Luck Chris ..."
"Survived the first two hours of my Python workshop — time for Girl Scout cookies!"
"Libraries in TN offer programs & assistance to the community. 36,634 programs, attended by 1,051,070 TNs, have been offered."
"Love me some country music!!!"
"Steven Tyler did a fine job w/National Anthem, that's how he sings people! If you want a choir hire a choir, not the guy from Aerosmith."
"youtube/state authentics www.stateauthentics.com"
"K. Medicine time."
"We're having a neighbrhd event in your area this Weds, we'd love to have parents who live there at event to share perspective"
"Thank you Robert Jan van Pelt for three outstanding presentations. Book launch was great. We recommend \"At The Edge of the Abyss. \""
"Blog Writing is happening! Let me know what you need! Custom Property descriptions and more!"
"Beiber got belts"
"Dexter was good now going to the W to have a cocktail who's coming?"
"Thanks for the comment MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore."
"let's go lol"
"Why do I always misjudge the weather? Me and this guy with this North Face on are looking silly in this DC heat"
"RT : High-water mark for DC sports since when? Caps to second round, Nats MLB best, Skins to draft RG3. Natives, speak up!"
"-cool. Enjoy your weekend :-)"
"I trimed them up as well..."
"Glad to be of service Kyle ;)"
"The Pursuit of Happyness In My Pants"
"Busy, busy bee! Hope everyone's having a great week and staying warm! :)"
"chill yooo girl is apart it so shtup"
"Me and the kids had french fries for dinner...nothing else. Sometimes you just have to have french fries for dinner."
"yes! Sante, Mizuna for delicious food. Sapphire lounge for classic cocktails. Hope I'm not too late!"
"RT : \"If we don't change direction we are likely to end up where we are headed.\" ~ Chinese Proverb"
"Keep On Keepin On!"
"Last night was the real deal"
"Nice win to start it off! Squids everyone pulling for you guys, keep the updates coming...and give Kevy bear a hug for me"
"Name a movie"
"you are so beautiful girl!!!!! :)) xx"
"i am bi polar to the fullest"
"RT Not in OAK yet! RT Brett will not retire, maybe play for another team, San Fran or az or det"
"Working on this week's blog post for It's gonna be about"
"Baby do those things that you only do for me"
"Thank you Linda!!"
"Ramona's class is at 2pm thurs, so depends on when we are done, not sure if she needs us, would be nice to see guest, fri was better"
"IT'S FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!! COME CHECK OUT ALL THE COLLEGE BASKETBALL ON OUR 50+ TV'S"
"We let go of being princesses when we realized that there were no princes to come save us."
"New Jersey Shore Tonight, !"
"BP article ID 4464, by Nate Silver"
"What makes them think the Midwest is flat?"
"-_- “: I just need one good guy on my side... That's ready to ride .”"
"busy working studying"
"missed you too, girl! (:"
"I'm wondering why \"Hollywood\" week on American Idol looks so much like Pasadena?"
"has been a real treat watching Alec Baldwin react to today!"
"Only a few days left to apply and let GHAPFM help you make your Dreams come true! Scholarship deadlines March 29 for Los Angeles..."
"Thanks for being our fan! Which model do you have?"
"I Still Do Lol"
"some things are better left the way they were"
"Thank you!!"
"#FF Have a great weekend!"
"Had such a fun day today!!! Life is good in lala :)"
"Make it your lucky day for all you superstitious people...have lunch at Taco Time today!"
"Check out our girl on the big screen Feb 24 in #Wanderlust starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd"
"#Rager txt me if you're interested"
"Asthma attacks can be tamed with meds"
"all u fools niggaz can suk ma cock man"
"It's National Dance Day!"
"lol packing light is a difficult skill to learn. :)"
"Perhaps, someone mentioned that when rocket & different explosive tests are happening, it can unfortunately can cause shakes 2"
"Happy Monday Tucson! What are you eating this morning?"
"If you push me away, I'm not fucking coming back."
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!"
"1st major league hit is a 3 run go ahead bomb off Papelbon in the 9th. Enjoy it big fella"
"Kobe is crazy closet person you can compare to Jordan!"
"Listening to discuss how Baltimore is being green!"
"You should NEVER let go of a female who will ALWAYS hold you down. That's Wife material!"
"Tomorrow is free Tuesday! Be sure to see Skulls, the new exhibition on Level 3. Where drawing on the walls is allowed, encouraged even!"
"it was an exercise. We had to build a URL shortener and we gave it the name Corto then found your site. Nothing else."
"Is there anyway to create a column for a list you follow?"
"greetings! thanks for the follow :) happy weekend!"
"williams-sonoma is now selling beehive starter kits and chicken coops."
"Thanks for the shoutout!"
"Good morning world. Starting g off the day perfect so far."
"moving to antioch lol what is my life"
"Wonder what the conversation would be like if a NY Yankee had his drug suspension overturned?"
"I'm feeling a little too happy for someone who's about to take the 5 hour exam that will determine the rest of my life"
"pt2 #radiohead ...listening to the Bends will get me sorted..."
"#RealSh \"\"sometimes I dream bigger den I live\"\"\""
"thanks for the advice Lenna loves her Fire"
"Does softball count? If not, I also make a mean egg-free \"single serving\" cookie dough!"
"Well thats still amazing that you get to see them! I got seats way in the back, yet it was still 40 bucks."
"amma act like i aint see that tweet lol"
"People keep pushing \"tips and tricks\" to get blogs read and noticed - try being more \"transparent\" and \"authentic\" - it's all you need"
"yeah but should have caught myself. No biggie thanks"
"Congrats! Just saw you hit over 40k followers! Does this mean sale in your shop?? Also, hooray for CA."
"Someone just turned off the lights."
"Nothing breaks the soul like chronic pain. My prayers are with anyone out there who has had to endure pain for a long period of time"
"oh okay lol. Voting now (:"
"I'll get on it!"
"Awww, really? Of course you can trust me."
"maw ya name didnt change lol“: *cough* douche bag LMAO ”"
"Omg!! I got a twitter!!! Don't tell anybody!"
"only u would use that wors. Lmao"
"Goodbye stacks of articles about plainware in S. Arizona."
"Thanks for the love!"
"Just pulled in to lafayette, LA for the gig. Great vibes."
"That. Is. Amazing!"
"Budget Committee is considering a recommendation to eliminate $279K for the recruitment of firefighters."
"'s THE RIGHTEOUS MIND is wonderfully clearly written. Halfway through. Reading with professional admiration."
"Rytes Warriors 2013 heading to Semi-Finals vs Golden Isles Warriors (Alabama) at 2:00 pm.. Beat Killeen Elite in Qtrs. #Rytes Warriors"
"We went down to and met a bunch of cool people! Can't wait to play w/ tmrw night."
"What would such a calculation illustrate?"
"Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on"
"Again, is not Darius Morgan. He's like....the stoner fictional son of"
"Yea! I think that Joel will become even more popular after it comes out! :-)"
"Some people are impossible to please. Bitch be happy I'm putting in the effort. The least you could do is act like you're satisfied."
"Willing to relocate?"
"Yall going live ?"
"Having a dream that just makes your day."
"Fired up the PS3 ... and it froze after five minutes. I guess I'll go sort my sock drawer autobiographically."
"sitting here in my easter dress because i wanted to try it on again. # imweird"
"HA! You actually have 12!! Impressive-I'm jealous - I'm not sure more than 3 of my 358 follows actually know I exist!!! HA!!"
"Thanks everyone who came to the volunteer meeting. WordCamp is looking to be epic this year :]"
"please follow me I love you so, muccchhh"
"Happy Friday! We will B open 4 lnch 2morrow at 11:30. Join the Garden Walk ."
"You can do what you want to do, accomplish what you want to accomplish, attain any reasonable objective you may have in mind--no"
"I LIKE ET"
"\"Puts things in scale, doesn't it.\" yes, esp since I just finished a NASA grant proposal. No $ ? No space, just AC?"
"go to my site and email me."
"Somehow I picked a few more followers after the #Grammys tweets last night. Hope I don't lose them tonight."
"How do you know when yogurt goes bad?"
"When I'm feeling down I listen to copious amounts of glee..."
"Thanks fam! #crewlove RT : Congrats to my big bros and on graduating!!!"
"otherwise known as the \"how to keep from getting blacklisted\" session"
"I'm good now."
"What Kim Kardashian filing status will be for 2011 Tax Season?"
"The video for \"blood pressure\" by is the coolest thing I've watched in a long time..."
"Who remembers the game Rampage?"
"Congrats! Build it & grow it!"
"Hope you're feeling better! Are you going to be at the decorating party? Hopefully see you soon! xoxo"
"Huzzah! Bike rack installed and I have bungee cords. Let's see what I can't do with this thing!"
"My childish self really trying to see this clown."
"bet well we should play or something ill be im town at like 1 tomorrow"
"what was your best memory of this summer"
"follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)xoxoxox"
"Jesus said: He who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I too will love him and show myself to him"
"That last check in was in honor of the one and only"
"I wish I were going cause the line up is pretty good. They got me with Nas lol"
"No plans tomorrow"
"Just learned Davy Jones died. RIP!"
"In the club doing spanish"
"Just saw this CHURCH SIGN: The church is a gift from God- some assembly required."
"Hang On Sloopy! New Orleans"
"Did they make action figures for this show? Not that I'd want a Saracen one or anything."
"this is cause you do all that ecstacy when you hit those concerts. don't lie. i'm hip to you youngins!"
"U never saw CUJO?"
"Same here!"
"homeboy loved the ladies."
"lmao girls and their obsessions with pro athletes SMH"
"Playing frisbee one last time with quality people is much > studying"
"we haven't been on because of school , and some problem , moved & stuff . Now we live in new York . Per mentally"
"its one of those times that i feel like biting her arm off!!!(:"
"Best wake up call ever :P"
"yea I thought it was pretty brilliant"
"Hey guess what? I love you :) with all my 💓💗"
"Casey Anthony is gonna be a millionaire after this! Book deals, interviews, ect... New way to get rich quick!! Florida must be proud!"
"secret life and the lying game tonight"
"Struggling to move easily now."
"My phone's always dying -.-"
"same with me!!! IB = BS and still get away. Haha!"
"Can we vote in \"Day Drinking\" as an official Olympic sport? It definitely requires more talent than curling!"
"yes very :3"
"I came across a P/T PG course, thought of you when I scheduled tweet. Can resend it. Comp/digital arts, I forget now."
"Tom where are you? Will you calmly get Rowan."
"\"We ape, we mimic, we mock. We act.\" Laurence Olivier"
"my dad watched it and u were mentioned didn't say how much"
"Swapping 3rd for 4th overall and the #Vikings are getting 2 additional picks? Great haul if I'm getting this right."
"Can I have your autograph??"
"hell yea xDD"
"Aah, Fudge My Life. I really thought HOUSTON had a chance of getting back </3 :("
"2012 Porsche Boxster S video review: We take the latest Porsche Boxster for a drive"
"Kaveh: both art & science depend on creativity, making connections between seemingly unrelated events."
"These peoples have one more day....than I'm going to the labor board! #ThisIsBS!!"
"PPoBR is bringing in a special act this year!Tommie Turvey is an incredible showman, stuntman, and horse trainer. Can't wait to see his act!"
"Know of anyone looking for a job? The Ale House is looking for a restaurant manager, ASAP! DM me if interested :)"
"nope! They instituted the \"programming\" as I was switching from straight medicaid to childless. I should have had it never got notice"
"t.k.m. i no se komo dcirlo ok no"
"Sounds like matchmaking, except it's many-to-many instead of one-to-one matching."
"Impossible is not believing in change."
"Art/graff show/sale mania! 5th and marth go now hurry."
"What we should really tweet are the revised jobs numbers from months ago. You know, if we were smart and stuff."
"Everyone appreciates my husband (the musician) when he is not there...LOL. The music shouldn't have an effect on your praise...ijs"
"hmm:/ what do you want babe? Boy or girl?(;"
"Gonna be a big day!"
"I hope so. If not now, when she's older she will!"
"that's too much swag for Kanye lol :) wonder if they met them too, coz if they did that would be very swaggie!!!"
"\"When one is past 30, one can about half comprehend the weather.\" -Chinese proverb. In a new language, tell us what the weather is like!"
"So hot in Raleigh today. 10AM sure came early y'all. Guess I'll roll into work and put in my 6 hours before calling it a day."
"You have no idea how many little Ovechkins I coach here in the PVAHA...the o-zone creativity is fun; the d-zone is...not."
"Vanessa Hudgens: Which Beau Is the Best Fit? (POLL) - Celebuzz"
"Also #Pickerington has an <18 population of 31% which is also among the highest in the state - too bad we can't pass a levy"
"Tomorrow is Bulldog Spirit Friday! Wear your favorite ACC Club, Sports, or organization t-shirt with school bottoms and shoes"
"hahaha thanks those are good ones."
"If anyone is trying to get into the Fashion Attic right now, I apologize-Meghan has been in traffic for an hour and should be there shortly!"
"ive been here there, everywhere"
"Anybody not watching game 7 of Capitals/Rangers rights now is missing out! What excitement. I love game 7s!"
"Feel like god on my side rite now!"
"Tweet at us about your first #Ziptrip and we may send some driving credit your way!"
"THE BOND by Wayne Pacelle (head of USHS) was featured on Oprah last Friday, animal welfare books continue to expand in popularity."
"#FaceTheNation was excellent last Sunday. Bob u did good. Definite hero!"
"#NHL ASG is a joke -- coaches and players should pick the rosters, not brain dead Ottawa fans. No malkin? Really? Go"
"yes. Like right now."
"// agreed! He earns points in my book."
"its all about me me me me me #Mya (retweet if you start singing it)"
"eat a hamburger. This is America."
"Movie was hillarious with Kylee.!! Can't wait to do it again!"
"now that is funny"
"I'll be back from Israel (with a husband for Brent) May 7-maybe the 12th or 13th (or both-can we sleep there?)"
"#OneThingIDontLike one direction."
"Well good."
"you're entitled to your opinion, but remember if it doesn't vibe with mine I'll just block you."
"All weekend bring your \"unwanted shoes to El Borracho (22nd & Locust, downtown) to send to Haiti through soles4souls. get free appetizer!"
"Merry Christmas to / Have a super year in"
"However, grown ups can control themselves & should be able to conduct themselves appropriately."
"At very least they should experiment with occasional dirtcheap nosebleeds, see what happens."
"I MEAN IF THEY WOULD HAVE REPLACED THEM WITH ANYONE OTHER THAN MCR I WANTED A REFUND EVEN IF IT WAS ATL THAT'S SO NOT COOL OMG"
"I'm so glad to see you awake."
"people don't get more conservative as they age-they just get more out of step with society."
"Wow! RT : \"If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful.\" -Unknown"
"Learned the hard way that bottled black cherry juice tastes a lot like beet juice. \"Black Cherry Juice: It's Good! (In Theory)\""
"I am currently investigating claims relating to pre-natal use of Topamax, Clomid, and SSRI antidepressants causing birth defects."
"thanx for following;)"
"plz follow me if you do i will be there for you i will remember you,dream of you every night and i will pray for you"
"Took my little one and she enjoyed it...and I didn't fall asleep. You'll have fun!"
"I m-t mouse traps that's why I am the KING."
"RT : Greetings from #Tuscaloosa AL. Twin Anchors rocks!!!"
"Thanks for the retweet Adam! Almost twenty years now and I am still loving you !"
"Thats the hardest part of the movie for me to watch"
"im bored too :( and babysitting :/"
"any reccs? asking 'Can anyone recommend blogs (on any topic) they read written by black women in DC?'"
"Dinner with the Athens family. Happy."
"Re solutions to drug war: we deserve better than status quo, we need to discuss new ideas/solutions."
"I wanna fuckin smoke"
"#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that everyone has an opinion and will sell there ideas for a good laugh."
"Hi everyone! Joining #swchat for the first time. We're excited for this weeks topic on \"Building a Collaborative Culture\"!"
"“: . Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice. DT: usually youre so good with the spoiler alert. Why set the DVR now?"
"RT : Just left Sunset Station & there's over 1000 ppl in line for the Keith Sweat & Montell Jordan Concert"
"Hey guys -Diamond :)"
"karaoke can honestly lift anyones spirits! It was karaoke right? Or was it a performance? Those can do the same thing! <3"
"Congratulations on your no. 1 position!!!!"
"HAD A GREAT TIME TDY, GLAD 2 B A PART, OF HISTORY!!!! SHOUT OUT 2 ALL DJ's THAT MADE THIS POSSIBLE, GLAD 2 HAVE MET EVERYONE!!!!"
"Your honesty just broke the Internet. RT I love Los Angeles! And the people!"
"show me love"
"you left your 'cocaine' at mi casa 😂"
"One key to successful agency partnerships: Lack of service crossover"
"Kheri Hilson radio on Pandora making my 8:30 clock in rainy morning at work flow smoother"
"YEA ARE YA?"
"anyone know who got #MVP of the #BCS National Championship..??"
"come to Blush Mequon, we are the only freestanding boutique in the Midwest to carry the brand! It's beyond amazing;)"
"Follow and email him on his twitter for a gifted copy of his new book \"A lean marketing revolution\" A short and fun way 2 learn"
"Beautiful Rehearsal with the ladies today!!! :) Off to a GREAT start."
"It's 4am and I'm sitting in the hotel lobby waiting for the shuttle to the airport. No coffee. I can already tell today is gonna suck."
"ugh people are pissing me off #bored someone"
"ugh... I forgot about that thing... #inboxHELLcloseathand ;o lol"
"broke my arm while wearing a doughboy sweatshirt. #noyoucannotcutitoff #whereisthatshitnow?"
"Congrats to Robin Haywood of Columbus in. for winning passes to Holiday World and Splashin Safari. your next chance to win coming up after 1"
"Really thoughtful post. I understand your decision completely. I'm sure you have great Kane tag lines available at your disposal."
"Do you have a link? Sounds like something I'd like."
"Is it weird that I feel smart because I answered the majority of the questions in teen jeopardy correctly?"
"Sum niggas hate me sum chicks don't like me o damn well I'm me an I'm happy so fuck off with your opinions."
"6 more days until our #RaiseDough event at #Oreganos ... are you excited yet?"
"We sure as hell tried. Good effort from one of the best group of men to wear the crimson and blue ever."
"#20peoplethatilove God, Jesus, Holy Spirit..... my brothers, my sis, my mom, my dad, my grandparents, my friends, the world"
"Tryna play temple run and unlock my phone at the same time ..."
"Really lookin' forward to Open House on 4/19 at 6 pm! Hear there's gonna be a Hop Bomb Red Ale released..."
"Need some brain rest after all that studying?? Check out a diversions book before you go on break and keep it for 6 weeks!!..."
"We loved having you all! RT : Really enjoyed the #companymeeting yesterday"
"Morning tweople! #wake&bake"
"GREEN DID SOMETHING!!!"
"Liberty Elementary's Molly Adams will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!"
"...prepare to be mildly impressed."
"RT \"If you can't convince them, confuse them.\""
"i love that song! you should listen to poema! i think you'd like them! :) purevolume.com/poema or myspace.com/poemaofficial"
"I can't win for losing tonight."
"ik bub thts y im not joining a gang"
"what's up today everyone?"
"Next week PureVolume will be streaming Paradise Fears' album on their website. Who will be checking it out?!"
"Words I overheard \"You didn't change, you just fell in love\" - what y'all think? Do we change the core of who we r 4 love? Speak on it!!"
"#NP Better Now Collective Soul"
"Your passion should always be greater than your problem..."
"stimulating. I just told Justine I was skipping class tonight - full day retreat now"
"i think i might finally get my jean jacket today bruh. after like a month. my mom plays too many games."
"If the beginning was beautiful, it's called expectation. If it's beautiful until the end, it's determination."
"the search for a new apartment kicks off today! has been a revelation so far"
"yo blazed ass"
"why is someone coughing at the end of New Day"
"You will! Hang in there!"
"cookies and cream U?"
"oh yeah.. i have been there!! they put melted cheese on my tamale and it upset me once.. but i'd be willing to try it again"
"Hittin up the studio to record for a song called \"forever know\"!"
"Did u ever get his"
"Took the day off today & had incredibly productive day//did real, meaningful work//got inspired for the first time in a yr or so."
"RT : You're invited! Hive provides a workshop on how to write a LinkedIn profile to get results - May 19. Register here:..."
"Kyle Jefferson's football career derailed by injury, but Sunday helped #Badgers win B10 track title, next week he graduates. Wow."
"Plante Moran earned the #37 spot on 's list of \"Best 100 Companies to Work For\" for the 14th consecutive year...."
"lmao...over a million times! so I'm screwed huh? It was working for like an hour after it fell then just shut off"
"\"If people try to pull you down, don't even worry. You should be proud cos it only confirms that you are above them\""
"can't believe this time next year ill be living in my own place FOR GOOD and working as a nurse"
"yeah!!! Boss"
"Went on a run to clear my head. Didn't know how far I would go. Ended up doing a 5k in the rain"
"Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP"
"“: Future of online experiences: customizable, aggregated, relevant, social #idea10”"
"lol I think 1 might try out and then a couple guys that are just friends lol"
"i am wearing shorts and flip flops Chaffin-style"
"through the wickets..."
"Don't focus on the obstacles, focus on the opportunities."
"#NP Mac Miller & Cam"
"ha bird i just did the same thing, i felt kinda silly."
"#Rejection...Is When God Removes Someone Unqualified For The Future He Has Planned For You."
"By god, I want to win free wedding invitations from and They are just so dang pretty."
"\"What would you do if you knew you only had seconds to live?\" \"I'd make those seconds count.\""
"and i urge u to follow these peeps as they are totes awesome / belated"
"Never needed a tab so bad in my life #amialbino?"
"VreelandA ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward"
"I wish I knew what you were talking about. Lol"
"Jesus Culture on pandora ..."
"I don't know what's worse the fact my mom walked in on me crying or the reason why I'm crying."
"they'd still lose to the bulls"
"Convey much better...no right foot..but better."
"Why am I so nice"
"You were not kidding about that fig! Another amazing batch."
"All my niggas rock gold tizneeths... Believe it or not nigga no Ripleys"
"thank you too love :) ♥"
"Bioorganic test tomorrow"
"Ah #2days #FLIGHTSTOATLANTA #Soexcited this is gonna be great :D"
". Yes, we're branching out to Sydney, Australia; we'll be running a linked Baltimore/Sydney student event in November."
"Dreams Are Like Stars One Blows Up An Another Gets Brighter."
"I use Greenough Consulting for bookkeeping, they are pretty pro"
"See Blake live at Innovate! RT Blake Mycoskie, CEO of Shoes, On Social Entrepreneurship, Good Stories, And His New Book"
"great camera work though!"
"Hey everyone, lets welcome \"A Fall To Break\" to our page!"
"let's go!"
"It's dissapointing to see a high level media member refer to fact-based arguments with rhetoric like \"hatin'\"..."
"YUM! Thanks for visiting and we hope you enjoyed your time at QS&L!"
"RT I've been called a rare commodity. I wonder if that makes me silver or gold? I guess I could be either ore."
"I know right :D"
"In love with everyone in 1D "
"OH GOD YOU WOULDN'T DARE, and I already ate them all..."
"thanks for the RT"
"Thats for sure. Working out gets those #endorphins going. Great for the body and the mind."
"It was a wonderful surprise to see on stage with & MEN last night!"
"Hanging with The Alabama Shakes"
"Ha! Oh so very true!"
"Once we have completed the move from film and plastic, to the web and online TV, will we still have commercials? What do you think #Netflix?"
"my birthday is 2morrow. It's either Earth Day or Administrative Assistants Day so know what u mean. But April Babies rule!"
"So honored for the follow!"
"Blondes or brunettes?"
"Have you met our sister, ?"
"A Daydream Away - All Time Low"
"Math Pick 17: Pythagoras and the Ratios by Julie Ellis, Illustr. by Phyllis Hornung - Middle School"
"#FF The 100% twitter fan funded film"
"I got you."
"hey how you been?"
"$$$$ALERT$$$$$BIG PLAY COMING TOMORROW BE AROUND FOR THE MONSTER RUNNER$$$$$$$1530EST 5BAG PLUS PLAYERS$$$$$$$$$$$$ NO JOKE SOLID PLAY$$$$$"
"you were a few episodes too late my friend, missed my FVJ rant and about 5 weeks worth of Hatchet tangents haha!"
"This is OFFICIALLY the OFFICIAL twitter of Maegan Machine. (seriously, unless you are an A list celeb noone cares if its OFFICIAL or not."
"Big is the new small."
"Interesting situation in #Wisconsin politics re union. Is governor backing himself into a corner? (Per MSNBC)"
"Have a productive week it is almost mid month. Blink and Feb is gone. Mondays rock when you plan accordingly."
"The extremely rare nights when you don't have homework and don't know what to do with yourself."
"for nkotbsb in london. Their having a webcast tomorrow"
"Happy Thanksgiving from the Gable PR team! We are thankful for the wonderful clients we get to work with everyday!"
"I'll take it off your hands. Too good to pass up. Where are you in town?"
"is covered in insect carcasses. Just another day in the Warhol archives."
"Hey , did you hear? RT : Also, don't forget that Cthulhu rises today. Prepare yourselves accordingly."
"yeah are you almost home yet"
"Yes you heard right, comin back with #SheednomicsRadio April 1st! Tune in!"
"Ready for you early! Double Punch drink of the day is our German Chocolate Mocha! Remember it is 25% OFF almost Everything in Bookstore."
"yeah..I know😁"
"yeah definitely that"
"Amanda and I booked a commercial together, today! Very cool."
"RT : Everyone loves the Milano Inn!"
"among others :)"
"Once aiding trade for indigo, tobacco and cotton to the main businesses in Europe, factors played an important part in commerce."
"I just e-mailed this to you/brainz. You're in my head again!"
"It's your last chance to win from Reichert at #VisionExpo! Come to booth MS 6713 and register to win the iPac Handheld Pachymeter."
"Filling out my Twitter profile."
"I have no fucking choice! Wth am I supposed to say to my parents when they find out?! I'd rather sit there and listen to(c)"
"those are so cool!!! You rock Alli!!"
"Cyndi Casey and Judith Taran, so pleased to have you as part of PEN. Welcome to our newest associate members!"
"Another Pick-Up: Free mammograms! ...get your free mammograms here, get 'em while they're hot!"
"So finally my skool is on the closed list...so now all these fuckin ppl postin on fb can shut the fuck up already!!!"
"Treating myself to a double-cupped coffee at my fav coffee house on earth, at home in the 585 with my dad and uncle Jeff. Boom"
"Anything in particular that you are thankful for this morning? We are thankful for a great weekend of rest!"
"you would have to lockbox your firearm in the truck. And every time you wanted to carry, go to trunk. By then you could be hit"
"Wish I was there too!"
"I'm weak, well hopefully the with give you your phone back soon."
"awww the guests have arrived!!! Stream live at power983fm.com"
"Hi Holli! How's Emily doing? I know she was really close with Hayley as well. I've been praying for all of you."
"loves that Daniel Craig was on the Today show plugging Cowboys & Aliens and talking about the premier at Comic-Con in San Diego!"
"why would you want to run barefoot?!"
"Note to self: dont sneeze while taking a sip of a full cup of coffee....time to start cleaning."
"it wasnt easy, dont act like yall two niggas didnt have issues! It took us working to get u to ur potential."
"I'm taking Adam! :-)"
"Yeah, that too. Classic case of two many toys and too little time. I still need to replace the winch cable that I snapped."
"should have been 7-3 sometimes you don't want to take calls from the 702 from #TheM you know what I mean?"
"Im pumped we aren't playing lazy anymore"
"Okay let me stop with the lunch tweets."
"I know, I've been very busy too just had to check in with"
"My new year's resolution is that i'm going to eat healthier. Do you have one in mind yet?"
"hey turkey I win! Hands down"
"#Badgers Brianna Decker wins the 15th Patty Kazmaier Award. This is Wisconsin's fourth"
"“The more articulate one is, the more dangerous words become.” May Sarton, born on this day in 1912."
"\"A brand is fun to build but no one else cares about them but you, especially as a small practice\" - C. Todd Lacey"
"same babe"
"Today 1850: Milwaukee mayor Peter J Somersault was born. He served as the city's mayor from 1890 to 1893."
"yeahh. But it depends too on the company that you have."
"What a journey"
"Just Finished all of my math HW with 100% accuracy with 1 minute left!!!!!!"
"Where are we at with everything? I can watch only so much 17-2."
"FYI..Cubs' Ryan Dempster will host a benefit for the Dempster Family Foundation @ D’Agostinos Pizza & Pub in Wrigleyville Jan 12"
"Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy."
"No man ever fails until he fails on the inside.Harold W Ruopp."
"Life has to much drama!"
"#GOMOnow insists on personal power when we're tempted to play the victim card."
"I think serving in the military is the hardest job. RT : Being a mom is both the hardest AND best job. RT if you agree."
"Strawberry Clouds to help us get through the work day."
"Don't worry, it's not graphic"
"Hi. I saw a retweet of yours in my feed. Are we related?"
"You're not \"celebrating\" are you? :-)"
"The writing and recording is going really well. I have a new single ready to go and two more almost done."
"THIS!!! RT : If we don't go through trials, our faith won't be challenged & our growth will be limited (1Pet 1:6-7)"
"Hey , you lose a bet or something? Or you been watching too much A-Team? What's with the haircut???"
"Heading to the first day of the rest of my life."
"Is it weird that I'm jealous of the guy that invented the pet rock?"
"Today i my lil brothers birhday!"
"#RusherBestNightEver! won yes they deserved n it happen ha congrats guys love ya !"
"Thank you! :0)"
"Hungry but ima need all the studyin I can get 2 more weeks"
"Alaska Airlines & #Starbucks Team Up to Serve Freshly Brewed #Coffee Onboard All"
"Internet Marketing Company Features a Full-Service Team of ..."
". just said (in jest) that Aaron Craft followed Kevin Pankos into the shower after Gonzaga-OSU game. Nice analogy."
"hope it's all going well, keep me posted!"
"I have been enjoying Battleground too. Though the Office parallels are sometimes distracting."
"People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity."
"Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak."
"ii8 bet its actually Dj's tho"
"Be still my heart..."
"of course. Figured that was a given!"
"I am loyal but I want to give back some Klout love I've received lately - Twitter is all ab unique content & reciprocity :-)"
"the day someone takes a swing at MC, I am there to watch!!"
"In A Rush one if my fav tracks!"
"speak your mind 2 those over aged live pro/crybabbies"
"that would be the one :)"
"MONDAY - Weekend High - Cats won. Weekend Low - went to homicide scene on Sunday. Life unnecessarily lost. Sad."
"What a night! I'm so hype on life right now. Wish I could be at #IMS though. That'd be the icing on the cake."
"We don't need to hear about Parish's love life!"
"Holloway-Attaway: How does one read and write in mixed reality environments?"
"post a few more brawls and you'll be #1 on that list (or just hit over .300 in fall ball and you're there!) come on man."
"working, enjoying life and traveling soon"
"you ever go night night nigga?"
"Reflecting: back from FLA vacation, Easter svc w/ family, Masters Sunday, then return 2 \"get to go to\" job"
"True I could see that."
"#funfact Peter Cullen,best known for voicing the infamous Optimus Prime, also voiced Eeyore on Winnie the Pooh,now that's diverse work"
"relax we are playing solid. we have our heads on. it will happen."
"A big thank you to the staff of for finding my wallet and returning it to me before I noticed I even dropped it! Great service!"
"Come #Thunderup tonight for the vs Clippers game at 7:00 followed by #Bingo at 9:30!!"
"Waking up with a stomach ache about to throw up..... golly g what a shitty morning."
"last round of ideas for show due tomorrow for this season. What have you always wanted to see on the show?"
"#waystopissoffafatperson: Put thumbtacks in his Twinkies!!! Mua ha ha ha!!"
"bought few more kitchen items from amazon."
"you is"
"Love's Wordpress!"
"Crowdsourcing gamers best computers on protein folding"
"One day ..one day"
"As a Christian the term happy Halloween offends me and as it should all Christians and yet no politian or company is changing it's name."
"Every other month I get obsessed with a new member like I love them all but like theres always one I wanna marry. Haha&this month its Zayn(;"
"« #brewers prospect p tyler thornburg has 3 mlb ready pitches...says wut he's working on is not letting runners get free bases"
"Just found out our song \"Close Your Eyes\" was featured on MTV's Fresh Meat 2. episode 5 @ Danny & Sandy's challenge :)"
"where are you sitting?"
"Sleepy Tea I'ma be sleepin good tonight ;)"
"APASD meeting on real life estimating with local AD Mark Albertazzi. #apasd,"
"i'm so exhausted."
"Thursday is pretty full. Would Friday work? If not I can shuffle some things around."
"A team of highly trained specialists and more hair product than is good for girl."
"Good Morning NYC! Nice weather and it's Friday :) Best to all people out there today!"
"98% of the people that go downtown aren't even there to shop. Just tryna get chose."
"I will be Performing LIVE at Plush Lounge Key Club in Hollywood, CA May 25th"
"THIS WEEK: ED ROBINSON'S MUSIC The New York Top 30 Reggae Single Chart \"IF I FOLLOW MY HEART\" is"
"I am in two of them with the great Chuck Slavin!"
"The magnificent natural beauty of a Brazilian Cherry Hardwood floor, a gift that will be enjoyed for many years to come."
"Watching #Legion :3"
"lol so true, so true. I must see u this week."
"Big hugs back to you ladies!!"
"“: Kanye West greatest album?” Graduation. Hands down."
"I dont like watching Jay Leno... his chin is toio long"
"I don't know if Nick is or not. Lol I agree."
"thank you! I'd love your feedback. FYI, Tai Chi really helped my JRA when I was younger. It's a wonderful thing."
"10% OFF all concentrates tomorrow at Farm Associated!!!!"
"How so?"
"Tez: I'm getting my quinceanera dress. Me: Oh! You're Jewish? -______- I'm a failure at life"
"That's not a file. What file is it complaining about?"
"Brewer crew up 8.5 . Good night"
"Got some great shots of #Braddock, PA, including the US Steel plant and some old buildings. What a great place!"
"Reality never crashes"
"..to be opened & receptive to what is preached."
"man, that's the worst. Wasting everyone's time RT : I love it when people put a conference call on hold."
"Getting ready for birthday party bash for ... Will be a great time!!"
"go get em Ashley!!! With God before you who can be against you"
"watching \"White Chicks\" starring Shawn and movie still cracks me up!"
"what's wrong my love?"
"the best thing ownership has done this year"
"Keep it up"
"thanks :D"
"If Reds lose (two down in bottom 9, trailing by 1 right now) tonight, they're only at 16-16."
"I will definitely try 2 b on my best behavior, but no promises once ur bass hits me in the face! Pumped 4 both of ur shows"
"Poor , just watched her number one ranked Buckeyes lose to the Badgers for the second time in her senior year."
"I feel you. I haven't wanted to spend the money so I kept avoiding it. Had to go this year & was totally killed by the bill"
"Congrats Russell Wilson...my new favorite Seahawk"
"Friends with benefits has to be the funniest movie ever 😂"
"After months of listening & searching for the right music to use at the World Championships in January we may finally have it. Stay tuned"
"The trade market for Pujols just went thru the roof. RT : The #RedSox and #Yankees are both 0-2 for the first time since 1980"
"I give up. Something is causing my door not to close. I'm probably going to get killed standing outside. I JUST WANT TO GET HOME SAFE."
"Yes! No re-branding or chasing fads. Instead embracing our expertise while supporting sustainable future 4 city & US"
"its been off the air for a while, i think #IFC has it now.total"
"There are lots of tasty things to buy that don't support so #boycott until they stop supporting Rush!"
"Loud chant of \"let's go racers\" going on in Yum! center. Safe to say this is a pro racer crowd."
"The classic mistake. RT Remain in Light CD case doesn't have Remain in Light in it. This road trip is totes fucked."
"duh man the devil wears prada"
"Major League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"
"Omg my head hurt :-("
"Never Mind xx"
"I don't mind an occasion use of a cliche, but when you use it as a crutch for original thought... it's bad."
"#InCaseYouDidntKnow But I can also be the nicest girl you've ever met (:"
"This better be a fun Saturday night!"
"1/8 is not a trim size. It could be a spine width, perhaps, but typically I tell you the spine width, not the other way 'round."
"You're too kind! I hope the study inspires fishing managers to rethink their guidelines."
"food rules don't apply during finals"
"LOL it's going to be now"
"Ok headed to a Birthday Dinner"
"Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit"
"Most people that shoot & kill people are males, & most people that get shot & killed are males. Most females don't commit violent crimes."
"how do you think I feel when I drive by the vails course several times a week?!?"
"It was surprisingly impressive, substantive, & enriching! I removed my earplugs to listen! He was well-prepared!"
"As you can see I'm no longer fighting w/ TPT. I've decided that if they don't care for my contribution I will take traffic elsewhere."
"please follow me <3"
"Glad you're feeling better... Twitter really needs a Like button... LOL :-)"
"Had some #chustin bonding time this weekend!!!! <3"
"this twiiter box sucks man...seriously why do we constantly fuc up perfectly good shyt...why! ha"
"After 2 years, Filmmaker Phillip Rodriguez has sought Sheriff’s files on Salazar killing. Suit now filed! Public has right to know!"
"Don’t you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can’t be exactly who you are."
"Keep the fucking ball down!"
"Great dinner party last night. Hosted by from :)"
"sounds good to me"
"Like the Bulls this year. Boozer's back, Noah's a stud and, Hell, even Scottie Pippen's courtside tonite. Also, Bron Bron's out of the conf."
"Well done Kevin! Whatever part you end up in you will have a blast!"
"my original sin we meet again."
"Dinner, ice cream, and Movie night with girl tonight, that's all us old folks can handle!"
"you are creepy"
"We all love dinner and a movie, but if your family often eats dinner in front of the TV, your couch may need an upholstery cleaning!"
"I wrote you back on insta but i didn't mention you so you will never see it unless I tell you"
"#truth RT : #Bears fans need to temper expectations. Bad OL, very tough division. 10 wins may not equal playoffs"
"THANK YOU GOD FOR THIS DAY!!"
"I'll keep that in mind... thanks. RT : Mars ain't the kinda place to raise your kids...in fact it's cold as hell...."
"Friends Follow back to get more followers"
"Friday flashback jam: Spiritualized - \"Run\""
"You guys are so cute together!"
"i want to put my pussy on your face hun.."
"if we're being honest pitbull looks more like a hairless cat than a pitbull"
"What are your plans for the weekend?"
"In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks."
"You bet your sweet ass we are open!"
"Happy Hour all day on Tuesday at Amber! $4 Sliders, $4 Wood Fired Pizzas, $4 Draft Beer and more! See you this evening!"
"We see support for biological theories today in psychobiology, which looks at DNA, environment, nutrition, hormones...chemistry."
"I'm Sorry But No Other Band Can EVER Compare To Big Time Rush. Not Even 1D. It's Juss A Fact"
"Giving bday wishes to my big brudda I love you so much and we bout to get in In #team drunkerthanamothafucker"
"i was thinking for myself but i guess we can share!"
"I think the hero of today's story is going to be the sinus infection that is in residence in my head."
"When you go to bed count your blessings in sted of sheep Thn u wil wak up wit a greatful smile and relaxed atitude GOOD NITE!"
"Fuck you and those Tacos you are eating!"
"Back home in Vero."
"Instead, they pulled their sense of what the 'spirit' of the rule is straight out of their asses, and affected outrage over it."
"On roadtrip to search for gr'parents' rent houses in early marriage, called gr'ma and asked for more directions and..."
"I know exactly how u feel"
"But don't you think he was madder when he found out Carol Anne was sucked into the television?"
"Change that clock tonight. Will need that hour of sleep before hitting the set at 4am."
"i hear my brotha was AWESOME at the Roxy in LA last night!"
"everyone knows the media ignores bills 95% of the time"
"Thanks Buddy just getting started on this"
"How has society not tapped into this great idea? We will be well-laid geniuses."
"Sarkozy? More like Sark-oh-no-he-didn'tzy, am I right?"
"A lot of #writers love being part of a community of writers, but I can't think of any good reason to hang out with people like me"
"you ALWAYS tweet me Hey You =P"
"yikes! You just sent that same tweet like 5 times in a row. Did you mean to do that?"
"agreed, however if there be a, hockey bar why no soccer? maybe we, propose \"The Blue Line & The Pitch\" :-)"
"please follow me you crack me up!!"
"I'll let these shoes go for 80."
"Ran into the wall>> so i #uglyfaced it! Bob's your uncle!!"
"Hope you are having an awesome time!! Stick with the wine over there. Mojitos when u get back"
"So do I have a ride to school today or......"
"Extra innings on the way as Navarro and San Jacinto are tied at 6"
"Wait ..what? RT : More Oral, No Morals!!"
"if i am pressed to say why i loved him, i feel it can only be explained by replying: \"Because it was he; because it was me\""
"Nothing better than the pool on a hot day :)"
"a bit of a warning to my fam...there wont be leftovers for tomorrow morning so u better eat wat u can or else I'M going to eat EVERYTHING :P"
"wall street"
"- I agree completely! She's even good as a bad girl!"
"How much would it cost for you to wait in my attic and force my roommate to pay the troll toll? Serious question."
"go for it."
"He just called himself fat..&he has a six pack..what"
": \"You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself.\" -- Ethel Barrymore (1879-1959), Academy Award Winning Actress"
"\"How old is your baby?\" \"36 months.\" WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?"
"you tell em' glen co co!"
"Good day to let the dogs loose and have a cold one. Come see us!"
"Buddy Dusty's Corner sent me a TON of stuff to review and look over for suggestion. Small box packed full of stuff, video coming up soon."
"You ate trending on twitter right now. I wish you the best with your new album:-) I will be looking forward to your CD"
"An educational framework for helping others achieve self-actualization."
"House looks pretty good, considering it was torn apart for repairs this morning"
"today is deff going to be rough :( yuck"
"Oh just wording with friends"
"Dear tweeters...don't let Rob Bell's words be more prevalent than God's. God's word is truth - Rob's: his opinion. Teach the difference."
"♥ Hello loves ."
"That hungover moment when u decide that a wake and bake > going back to sleep"
"ahh yes I should check that out!"
"Only the losers win they've got nothing to prove they'll leave the world with nothing to prove."
"How was Inman Park Restaurant Week for you guys?"
"there were 50 people yelling at me today, but I did hear you say you liked my dress & I didn't get to say thank you! Lol"
"I want a pair of Toms!"
"RT : McDonnell tks off gloves: VA will be Energy Leader on E Coast: nuclear, biomass, nat gas, coal, offshore oil"
"PJ, you're being a bit harsh towards GayP, don't you think?"
"Lady Gaga Makes a Monster Entrance Upon Arrival at Seoul Airport - Gather Celebs News Channel"
"At a tasting and impressing people with the quality of Greek Wines"
"We tried, indeed we did!"
"Talk Talk into the Talking Heads is the laziest transition ever."
"well got 2 get started on this paper even tho i dont want 2 do it :|P"
"MyCSU was able to reach hundreds of students today at the Involvement Expo! Were you there? Reply and tell us your favorite part!"
"@ studying for the damn physics"
"Last-minute Spring Break deal: Concierge Level stateroom on Celebrity Cruise line for less than $400. 3/24 or 3/28 sailings."
"about to watch #TheAvengers!! Well, I gotta wait for over an hour..."
"if i ever have twins, i will name them #Sopa and"
"Some publishers restrict use so that reviews cannot be on the Internet."
"its playing in theaters again?"
"Wish the weather wud stop pms' ing ...just got dumped with snow last nite now its all melting lol only in Milwaukee ....."
"Sad. RT : Warren Buffet has been diagnosed with Stage I prostate cancer via"
"Haven't been able to stop listening to #DirtyWork It's AMAZING!"
"The #law of unintended #consequences: THEY EXIST."
"What can I say?"
"Prepping for intro to the library for intro to CA geography class section 2 of 3. Telling the intriguing story of"
"When food is made with love some say you can taste the difference. Deli coffee must be made with raw hatred, broken spirits, and baby tears."
"Haters are like crickets; they make a lot of noise you can hear but you never see them, then you walk right by them and they're quiet."
"|#quotes In a time of crisis we all have the potential to morph up to a new level and do things we never thought possible."
"Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. ~ Mark Twain"
"Good morning! is live at #Miller Park w/ scavenger hunt on #WISN12 this morning!"
"yeah he is, he's like the dude in the big lebowski. I'm counting on it."
"Had an exciting long day, so ready to cuddle up with Catching Fire!"
"Important to provide citations that the reader would need to find the source of information"
"- that's crazy. Sorry I missed you. I'll be back tomorrow. We're hitting up the Cubs game tonight! Whoop whoop!"
"Wanna make ur dreams come true wake up"
"I stopped everything... And they say they hate me because I walk a certain way? Guess what?? I don't fuckin care what you think"
"And look at how last season turned out...oh wait..."
"IT\"S ABOUT TO GO DOWN!!! JOIN ME AND PARTNER TONIGHT FOR #INTERMIXWEDNESDAYS. CHANGING THE HAPPY HOUR GAME FOREVER!"
"This year, in the United States, the estimated new cases from brain and other nervous system cancers is 22,910."
"Im so hungry :/"
": thanks for the shoutout!"
"you don't need to lose weight"
"maybe next time I'm in town!"
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. Winston Churchill"
"our new songs and video and mspace and everything goes live on mondee!! crunchtime fools"
"follow back"
"thanks for checking out my work. Would you be interested in doing an interview for my sports blog sometime?"
"good luck!"
"In #nycschools, attend drops in May and June: 5% in elementary, 7% in middle, 10% in high school."
"help us Lord! I have my music on and can't even groove like I usually do lol"
"Is it ok for me to be happy for Daniel Nava? He is what he is but something this #redsox team needs right now"
"i would do anything to sleep for 1 more hour... i got 3 hours of sleep last night."
"The best way to make people remember you?Borrow money from them :p"
"Is it bad that I like Justin Beiber's Xmas song?"
"I know //: haha I guess that's how Dustin Rolls (:< lol"
"hey... how do you like a tweet?"
"Milwaukee, Wisconsin! Always have, always will be a #Patriots fan!"
"Done gettin inked this morning time to go nite nite"
"Followed sweetie(:"
"welcome to the Twitterverse! New pic. New Tweet. New followers."
"Who tryna check out this song before I upload it to my youtube?"
"the ticket was expensive. There was a fee of 30 something dollars which is crazy. About 200 ish"
"16 more days ❤"
"Merry Christmas, everyone! And if you're opening a gift of one of our shirts this morning, we hope you love it."
"That was a very LA Law moment."
"your** sorry I'm lame and can't spell lol."
"Dont despair Clipper Nation, they will figure this out"
"OH: He's not boring, he's just passionate about boring things."
"Do you know of any good iPhone apps for measuring/tracking distance?"
"Ugh<<< i hate mondays...they seem lik the most dragin,borin,slowest days of da week ^_^"
"y'all are going to Westminster?"
"Walked in right in time for ☺☺☺"
"Hey everyone. Welcome to our Twitter page. Look forward to a great season!"
"what music do you like?"
"RT this & follow me?(:"
"LOL will arnett has me dying!"
"Okay, I think me&kelsey just about died laughing at Niall's expression... Sydney:\" Teeheehehe Niall! Omg!\" him: O.o"
"Saw some high-waisted orange jeans at Urban Outfitters that were giving the mannequin a camel toe. Wonder how many of those have sold."
"Mabe quoting bloggers in his opening :)"
"Random jazz band during halftime of a college basketball game? Sure, why not?"
"thanks for your support. Look out for our second issue coming out soon!"
"RT : Gonna try to knock out another Bag O' Tweets for tomorrow so tweet me your ACC questions and comments."
"The perils of mixing spicy food and running are well documented. ;)"
"me :D"
"thanks for the kind words on !"
"Make another friday movie"
"#MarathonMonday is a yearly reminder of how out of shape I am...Cheers to all the runners!"
"she wouldn't be referring to My Little Pony Friendship is Magic ? That's a great show :-)"
"you need to get on some of them ol classic sitcoms. Funny stuff right there."
"Just had the honor of interviewing There is not a nicer, or busier guy in #Heavy Metal. Thanks, Tim!"
"Mild day in the valleys. Only looking for upper 70s - low 80s with plenty of afternoon sunshine/ Beaches?. . low 70s, just like the water."
"shaky shaky? LOL"
"I am really enjoying NBC's continuing \"We Have No Idea What We're Doing\" pick-up strategy."
"The way to a man's heart? Through your Netflix account, duh."
"No music tonight - just good food!"
"College completely altered my life. It changed what I believe and what I feel about everything. I majored in philosophy."
"Freemium games for Xbox 360? - CNET (blog): Freemium games for Xbox 360?CNET (blog)Speaking to VentureBeat in an ..."
"thanks sweetheart"
"Ah! I will be leaving to visit family in Blacksburg VA. Perhaps another time"
"submit your brand at"
"me too. I just wished they were given more choices - including light pink, bright pink... :)"
"Our Holiday scented bath and body products are 30% off. They are going fast so shop early and save. Enjoy the last week of 2011."
"so true"
"Milwaukee Riverside's Phil Nolan played in just six games for the Tigers this year because of issues with grades/transfers."
"Love. Ive had an idea for an Italian one for a while now but I just thought of one that I think is the best idea Ive ever had!"
"I just wanna go on a bike ride"
"If everything was so fastpaced in the Obama campaign how did the branding stay consistant? #mima A: Small core team created everything."
"is looking for a torrent of etude aux casseroles by Pierre Schaeffer with no success thus far, g'dammnit."
"I actually find that there are too many portfolio-centric wp themes."
"Thanks! RT Wonderful! I signed up for the newsletter and am happy to help spread the word when the time comes."
"It could probably beat you in a fight, though. And it tastes better. RT : The Blackburn chicken has nothing on me."
"IKR! He'd be like sure sweetie, anything for my fans (: XD"
"Thanks for trying! I've heard great things about y'all! Look forward to visiting on my next trip to ATX!"
"Great deal! Crunch Gym Membership for $39 (regularly $212) but beware of high 'one time activation'. Very nice gym to join!"
"important people."
"So excited to be !!!!"
"Ha! Like day/night"
"i was hoping we were just so awesome we thought of the same thing :("
"#oomf is so fuckin sexy , ugh i wanna tell 'EM !"
"Working downtown >>>>>>"
"no way! Omg ;D"
"Sent my leftovers home. Lol"
"Index finger strangely sore and tired after a weekend Angry Birds bender with daughter Katie..."
"Thanks! I designed and made the site myself. ;)"
"With this weather you better be OUTinCHI!"
"YAY!!!! A.C.A.T. will be at the third annual Fetch-A-Palooza on May 21 & 22! Come to Journal Center and see us! (I'll create an event..."
"Today I learned that two different friends have ailing sons. And I hold this little boy next to me, out of love and trepidation. दुःख"
"Lolol what is homework? Not gonna do any of it, whatevaaaaaaa"
"That's why I love free will lol\": Lmao these folks don't want me to do it dawg. I might offend some folks.\""
"\"Studies show that helping women access trade and grow businesses helps create jobs and boost incomes.\" - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton"
"The official launch has been pushed back. I think I was a bit over eager anyways. I want to do it right from the get go."
"without asking:) MUAHAHAH."
"omg that's hard!!!! It like saying “Louis or Liam” lol"
"Apparently Olivia had already given her first blow job before our guest tonight was 2. Or I think we're alone now came out"
"Thankyou so much for sharing \"Closer\"!!!!"
"thanks so much! those two are adorable, my god!"
"make sure you get lots of good food :)"
"The guitarist for Train looks like Howie Mandel in this video..."
"good luck!"
"thanks shadderz<3 you're good with advice!"
"#BadComebacks Q: What are you doing? A: Your face. #GoodComebacks Q:What are you doing? A: Your mom."
"\": Niall was at the darts tonight.\""
"museum staffers casually chatting about WHY social media belongs in exhibits"
"Our live coverage of the Sweet Sixteen in Boston, #Badgers vs #Syracuse, starts at the top of the hour on 91.7 fm"
"Bieber fever? Quick, get some antibiotics."
"Old Twitter standby: the sandwich I had for lunch. Lobster BLT at Terra San Diego. Delicious."
"Play fri night in 'The Uptown' Oakland with 'no means no' nearly sold out few tickets remain..."
"Listening 2 some #H-Town :):)"
"3mlt add ;D"
"What channel is that Game on?"
"RT : recognizing keeper status is a good thing for you too! Salute!- preciatecha"
"Ok, then. Sunday I'll wait for your tweet <3 Xoxo 💗"
"We got it back."
"dead to this world I'll make it on my own."
"Damnit I'm sore from working out. I wish I could stand up to pee."
"gr8 way to cut cals? korean bbq!"
"okay I'll ask her :)"
"GOOD TUESDAY MORNING!!! DAYTONA 500 IS STILL RUNNING!!! GOO SMOKE!!"
"Woman reigns in her family circle, making happiness and every virtue possible, and spreading harmony and peace throughout her domain. (1850)"
"Nicki Do You Have An Instagram!!!! ?????"
"Me & always be ctfu together , I swear I love her !"
"I heard it's so other station's bugs don't cover ours when they show the video."
"Just one low payment of $10! :)"
"News: Wednesday TV in Review: Worst Friends Ever, Finales of Bent, Happy Endings"
"Why yes, yes I will skip out of work at noon to drink beer and eat wings while watching the tournament."
"DC Metro keeping the Green Line running until 1 a.m. for #Caps fans in #3OT heaven."
"You can't chain a free spirit. Lockdown only gives it more reason to breakfree."
"The new McDonalds commercial freaks me out!"
"Happy Mother’s Day"
"hey girl hey"
"Happy Inspiration Thursday!"
"Watching MLB Baseball."
"face Insanebro...ur ships r sunk, nothing u can do about it;) lol"
"Got a brief writeup coming tomorrow on 2nd base prospect options for future. Watkins included. I feel same way as John"
"Fine dining alive and well at Morton's! Come see us..."
"Now that's what i am talking about, Lakers!!! are coming! hell yeah!! game time!"
"“: People will laugh at your dreams then hate you when you make then come true.”"
"I cannot emphasize this enough: the bros shooting hoops at the outdoor court here on campus are really, really terrible at basketball."
"how much are the watches gonna be... ? I only have 10$ -___-"
"I loved Reading Rainbow too! No surprise we're librarians now :)"
"Midnight showing of Harry Potter Deathly Hallows .. So excited .. Wearing my griffindor house scarf too ... Woo"
"yes sir... I'm leaving tonight 7-8pm ish!! :( I hate the drives lol"
"I'd hate to be the poor bastards who paid through the nose for tonight's #DJ3K delay"
"Good luck to you ladies and the rest of the team. It's been exciting watching you all and hope it contiues tomorrow."
"Another edition of \"Down on the #RedSox Farm\" coming tomorrow morning, including #PawSox streaks, Brentz, Bradley and a #Drive no-no."
"Personal observation from #CPO2011 - A battle is looming b/w HR and Procurement w/ regard to talent management of contingent labor."
"So awesome to hear! The great feedback to my class has been touching and motivating :]"
"On my way to Lowell MA to perform at Dr Gertrude Bailey School ! (:"
"Support Peace Not a Party"
"I had Amazon replace mine & send replacemt 2 diff address when my screen broke day b4 trip from west 2 east coast. Give it a try."
"Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella Trio 6-8 p.m. hemmingwaysbistro.com"
"On the Kindle store, there is no free version of the Torah, the book of Judaism. Now I find that absolutely ironic and hilarious."
"Sure thing. What time are you arriving? Can I get your number so I can know where to get my badge?"
"Lee Brice 'A Woman Like You' just got branded! Check it out now"
"For the sake of not ruining the vibeand randomness of my new playlist, I will let it play on. Smh! That's My Bitch"
"Thanks to my sister that made me listen to City Of Fire You guys are awesome!"
"Happy Mothers Day :)"
"For the next 54 minutes swing by Tipsys Liquor World and get the deal shown here: Build your own Mondays!"
"If you'd like to register for a casting director #workshop then either call, msg on here or email"
"Happy Easter from all of us at Western New York Heritage! Have a great holiday."
"One does not love if one does not accept from others. - Kanuri proverb, Nigeria"
"Thanks so much for the mention!"
"!! “: Free million dollar 2nd screen idea: Shazam-like Twitter filter includes/excludes tweets based on what one is watching on TV.”"
"Chapter 2012 Page 73 of 366 Snap out of it and go do what needs to be done."
"Go Broncos!"
"We need bosh"
"Do you know any experienced bartenders (w craft cocktails) or servers looking for a new J.O.B.?? is hiring!..."
"#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Fingers crossed, fingers crossed!"
"will gather at their Silent Auction, 5/1, 6-9 PM, Poe Middle Schl. More info at fairfaxchoralsociety.org Catered by Hard Times Cafe. COME!"
"Putting skinny jeans on in the car...challeng accepted!"
"I feel so close to you right now, its embarrassing... bahaha!!!"
"um, you have a delivery man crush??"
"Welcome to Packer Nation!!! We will love you and you will love us! Can't wait to see you on the field!!!"
"It's hot out there and so are the deals! Buy from your neighbors -- 7916 SE Foster Rd -- 11-7 pm"
"Happy birthday to , whose work allows me to spend large portions of my day screwing around on youtube and tumblr."
"Thanks for sharing the project!"
"Ah! I meant DD2!!!"
"It was great to have you through. hope to see you all again soon."
"& you may go Kill YourSelf I Hadd Pigg!!"
"yeah sorry about that. It sent it to all of our followers :-/."
"Positive Tomorrows welcomes two new students - Josh to 2nd grade and James to 4th! We are excited to have them join our school!"
"Been super stressed at work. At least tomorrow is Friday. :)"
"Check out the Roundtable today as I was a guest with Our host was"
"There is no spoon."
"The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary. #Truth Vince Lombardi"
"But other than that, we're all good over here at chez Clarke."
"just punkd myself. got excited, jumped up from couch, twisted ankle in coffee table, fell onto chair, then stepped on ottoman foot."
"...or would you save at least 80% for an emergency fund and/or build something meaningful for the next generation?"
"shaving every since I been walking on a stage or modeling"
"Hiring Children to Work for Parent's Unincorporated Business Here is a tax-saving idea for those who operate a business... consider hiri…"
"Gwen Stacy: Ah! Peter Parker: What is it babe?! Gwen Stacy: I saw a spider! I HATE spiders! Peter Parker: guhhhhhhhhhhh"
"when did you text me because I been textin nell all day?"
"RT A six-year old just told me, \"Did you know that when you are sad your skull is still smiling?\""
"I know it's the anti-cool, but I still love, love, love \"Rollin' With Kid n' Play.\" Gets me going in the morning ..."
"When you see my face, hope it gives you hell."
"People ought to reevaluate Romney. He's a stiff acting actor frm central casting. Anyone thinking !change is coming from Mitt is delusional!"
"#cavs finished strong, I expected more but I'm proud of em just the same. A lot to look forward to 4 nxt year, next stop lottery in may"
"Bitch I'm the best-est friend anyone could ask for."
"Word on road is that the click about to blow. -Drake"
"it's always that kind of party"
"Our genealogy group was watching the show together on AfriGeneas. Very moving."
"Full house plus overflow at Interface for the powershell user group with Don Jones - thanks for a great response!"
"Lol that dude #joel anthony got a boosie fade on the top of his shit"
"just cause you got missletoe tatted under yo belly button, dont mean you'll be gettin some head!"
"RT : I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count."
"r u really mad at eve cuz i know it is all fake but i still luv it and hope u get well soon!!!"
"If they play graduation music, I might cry"
"Teachers at Cedar Creek are having a meeting over Rebecca Hubbard and how they can help. This may be a tragedy, but it brings us together."
"'If the data functions, we're good with that.'"
"Over this bitch."
"“: Love learning, hate school”"
"I have so much no one loved only the sea and you)))))"
"you may have to wait a long long time"
"You say your multi-talented.. being two-faced doesn't count."
"I haven't seen that one maybe I should"
"oh stop that' was he drunk?' thing.. who actually cares?!"
"Several times a week, just your choice to eat Great Food at our cart downtown will help food banks in the region feed struggling families."
"im good enjoyin life. you in the chi?"
"I need a nap already"
"Can't it just be 2012 already?!"
"It can be frustrating when it comes to touring, but a novelist would need to commit a major crime to get TV coverage. (Not so w/nonfiction.)"
"broke out the stash of northern lights x purple kush."
"Waiting for the Metro at L'Enfant. Literally like 9 yellow trains have gone by. Still waiting on a green..."
"#oomf never has the guts to tell me what's up face to face!"
"I feel like Gloria walking around Disneyland...wrong shoe choice."
"You make me nervous. I take it my life on the weekend as I know it is over?"
"He's beautiful I love the mixture of browns!"
"I hate basketball. I'm clueless when everyone talks about the games 😒."
"OMG YOU GOTTA BE ON SEASON THREE! WE LOVE YOU."
"awe, I love u babe <3"
"I just laughed so hard because follows me now."
"Really good data day at work - everything I needed was right there - probably subconsciously influenced the purchase of that SQL book."
"...just in case he fell into the steeplechase water hazard"
"As Ray mentioned, use CCLabelBMFont instead of CCLabelTTF. CCLabelTTF creates a new texture on upd, which makes it slow."
"oh my god! seriously! we need to talk about what you do! Let's collab on a game for my film :D"
"thanks will do :-)"
"#letsgocaps Hey John that was a great story in the paper. Nice!!!!! Happy for you."
"Instead of looking down, take a look up.....here I am!"
"Lol me neither i wanna go SHOPPING!"
"RT “Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength”"
"Those glasses doe"
"When writing a requirements document, it's imperative that you are listening to metal loudly and with as many breakdowns as possible."
"please do!"
"Got my vanilla latte and my iPad, doing work"
"The stone will never roll unless one pushes it. The journey of a thousand miles begins with a step."
"Time with Banchi at the dog park. Days like this make Vegas tolerable"
"Kaiser chiefs and walk the moon! Tabernacle tonight! Thinking of you all"
"listening to music right now....bout to bust out with them originals.....whoa...."
"I'm looking to buy a beach home in PCB, FLA."
"To the person who brought that box of yummy smelling Specialtys into Starbucks - GIMME"
"Happy Birthday . The only difference between you and a brilliant cultural anthropologist is...um...nothing."
"Several million lonely beasties we be."
"going Organic the Kirstie Alley way....that's right bitches!!!"
"To the man singing loudly next to me at the gym, I know you have headphones in but so do I and I can still hear you!! I don't get it... Smh"
"4 days until the Grey Skies screening!"
"itold you not to give up "
"If I hadn't already read in his chart that Ned lived with a dog in his previous home, I'd know it now. He eats other cats' puke. Ew."
"you and my husband are both excited! #worldseries have fun watching the game"
"It's #4/20 and the only drug I will be taking is"
"My son's friend would like me to text him when we are out of Klondike bars so he doesn't get disappointed."
"Comparative American Studies releases volume 9 issue 2. For a sneak preview visit: www.ingentaconnect.com/content/maney/cas"
"PINK FLUFFY UNICORNS :D"
"Dang. I wish my back was as black as my neck is."
"Happy Mother's Day to two of the most bad-ass mommas out there! :-)"
"Jay, I think it's up to you to spearhead the campaign! :)"
"I am still recovering from Men's final at the Australian Open tennis. And all I did was watch. Pure sport!"
"Visiting my parents this wknd & I'm srsly bringing a jacket I want my mom to iron so I can bring it home all nice. Some things never change."
"Bussin it back to nyc after a great furthur show in AC. Could go for some bathtub gin. Bus doesn't have air or BR, WTF."
"Tomorrow the Wildcat is going for win number 252. Stay tuned. And the Slap Shot has a huge payday tomorrow as well."
"lol, its all good, how you been tho"
"yeah its delicious! i need more things to go with it though."
"And my computer has crashed and potentially lost my files that I needed for class! Are u fucking kidding me? FML! I hate this semester!"
"DETERMINATION ---> At Times It Takes Sheer Will To Overcome Adversity."
"Planning a plan and not following through? What's the point?"
"hell yeah but urs is too!!! Where were u goin?"
"still can't believe i met the ICONic Boyz yesterday...omg. it was the best day everr(:"
"then clearly we need to schedule remedial training next weekend!"
"I'll bring some..."
"Don`t forget to watch! Thank u!"
"If you annoy me today, don't expect me to sit there... Not today."
"Omg I love and and and and more:)"
"awesome. I miss you too, man! Hope you and the fam are all well."
"Cheers for everyone that came out to our one and only homecoming in Sligeach Epic great people.."
"Shooting Pepper tonight!"
"So Im thinking of cutting my hair short!?! :/ I love my long hair but its so damaged!!"
"Where can you rent 3D movies? My apartment has a theater room you can rent that plays 3D but no clue where to find them!"
"Did you see 's doco on Pearly Jam? He did a great job of telling the story literally days before they took off"
"You may shoot me with your words, you may cut me with your eyes, you may kill me with your hatefulness, but still, like air, I'll rise."
"\"why am I an asshole\" \"sexy princess monkey, I wonder the same thing \" k siri"
"Aroldis Chapman just struck out Rickie Weeks with 101 mph pitch. Not the guy you want to see when you're hitting below .200."
"No regret just love"
"just got news that im taking your class on January 27th!!! so excited!! omgomg #speachless!!"
"gene wilder is turning 80 next year. my mind has been blown."
"Is at #sdmnomothersday at bliss 101!"
"want to grab a drink later?"
"You're on, let's do it!"
"we're always on twitter at the same time ((~:"
"Neither I am...I haved both nightmares and good dreams, but usually have to wake up durint the good ones!"
"Thanks, same to you:)"
"New projects to get started and a very important one to go back and revist time to get to work. Records cant make themselves lol"
"lol never that's my girl lowkey"
"luv that word"
"Election Day in WI (again), Special Elections in 60th, 83rd and 94th today Assembly Districts to fill vacancies created by appointments."
"I agree - much nicer in Sarpy! One of the reasons we stayed in Nebraska was because of Bellevue-Papillion and county atmosphere"
"It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living."
"I was gonna wear them tomorrow lol. Its gonna be warm."
"K nevermind, figured it out :)"
"Hahaha Ryan Gray just got a close-up on #Raw Supershow. He's front row folks."
"Children learn as they play. Most importantly, in #play children learn how to learn. ~O. Fred Donaldson"
"You don't learn to hold your own in the world by standing on guard, but by attacking and getting well hammered yourself - George Bernard Sha"
"no, not at all.. took the time to sit next to him and got involved.. I've watched the commercials on tv.... lol"
"Will you be in NYC at all?"
"Just saw #Badgers OT Josh Oglesby signed a free agent deal with the #Redskins. Good luck to one of the nicest guys around."
"Had a great time yesterday being a part of the upcoming music video for \"Greatest Night\"! So happy to have met some more fabulous ppl!!"
"We need to redefine the grid and find a way to extend our reach & engage members of our kehilah kesoshah"
"Despite wild promises to the contrary, I am NOT at"
"Really a photoshoot right after i eat"
"#RickPerry speech dropping out of the race took about 11 min."
"*pulls sweater on, slips out front door. Stands on porch watching the rain. Breathes deep* smells so.good."
"No one wants to see pictures of your flabby, untanned, non airbrushed stomach"
"I am enjoying a three day weekend."
"YES FEEL FREE TO RETWEET DENVER GOLF EXPO .... ITS ALL THAT!!"
"Warning 2 all New Yorkers: if I see you rocking head-to-toe Lakers gear, complete stranger or not, I will hug u in the middle of the street."
"\"WARNING: Dates in Calendar are closer than they appear.\" ~ Author Unknown... LIVE now. LOVE now. LAUGH a lot. Seize YOUR day. Go Giants!!!"
"Just a thought about kids using cell phones inappropriately in class...maybe we should make lessons more interesting."
"Major League Date with my girl. Love ya babe!"
"Just saw Babygirl. I am so impressed w/the film I HAD TO give a shout: best I've seen you, you just get better & better...."
"Gloomy mothers day but it was AMAZING!!!"
"Maybe tomorrow..."
"What the hell i have to do to make my dad understand i hate Jalapeños on sandwiches?"
"Black Cat Classic Espresso- This syrupy sweet espresso blend has been the staple of our lineup since the very beginning. Supreme balance..."
"We're excited to be a part of it!"
"come find me when you are done over there like last year?I promise I won't just put vodka on the porch and then go to bed!"
"omg! Lol my phone just lit up! :O and stayed on for a few seconds then shut it self back off! Dx lol creepy AF!!"
"Woods hole embryo project has embedded metadata training in curriculum"
"Who put their bets in for the Derby?!?!"
"Lex Legends - great community partners - wrap up the season with a 4 game series against ROM starting tonight. See you at the ballpark!"
"opportunity is a given in life."
"RT : A3: I'm a big proponent of the weekly conference call or meeting. No one gets to hide behind email."
"hey, nice art in the office!"
"It is unfortunate that New Jersey's govrnor cannot have a civil,or honest discussion about what's best for America-ProPublica"
"2 final performances left for AN APOLOGY. Tickets still available for both performances. Help us fill the houses!"
"Now am I living to get paid? Just slaved for a wage all week"
"I think this bishop needs one of those red laser pointers that cats like to chase."
"true that....#pressrewind it is right?"
"Just ended A long day with"
"Goodnight Darlings! :) <3"
"#WhenIWasLittle and I used to play in cardboard boxes that we took from HEB. :)"
"For all her stylish fun, she gets Clerihew's pithy pardon: Emily Gordon RT : Sorry for the #tnyquestion posts, lovely followers!"
"\"When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective.\" -- George C. Marshall"
"same to you. The cards should be favored, but anything can happen. Neither school has a team to write home about."
"We driven & I'm tryna figure out why my son wants me to keep replayin track#7 on the cd! By gosh he likes it!"
"THX for the #FF love! Really nice company to be in, too!"
"Thanks will try it tomorrow"
"hanging in the dells with my bestie justin."
"You're welcome. Cheers."
"Can someone start a clothing line for athletic women =Larger sleeves & smaller torsos? Tired of my arms not fitting in flattering clothing."
"lol cool, I'm just reading your tweets, they are so amazing I love them!!!"
"Money orders are a massive pain in my ass!"
"Ooh shut up. :p"
"Our friends from Mix 94.1 FM Radio are here until noon. Come say hello and meet Smokey Bear and Woodsy Owl too!"
"what are the broncos real chances of landing peyton?"
"Some girls just shouldn't wear bikini's"
"I love my best friend in every way possible! That girl is one crazy mother fucker."
"really, ur blowing up my timeline, at least follow me!!! I'll stop spamming you"
"\"A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships...\""
"Country Grammar playing on #iheartradio. Must resist urge to dance on the cta. #STLproblems meets"
"Congrats on being a Bengal"
"It's GIVEAWAY NIGHT at Susan Nichole Handbags! Make sure you're entered all three ways by checking out... fb.me/185isi4h8"
"Glad Prince saw limited action in the All-star game (and got the big RBI), but Manuel should have left him in, not howard...he's hot!"
"I meant room mate"
"It was.... Soap... Poisoning.... Ah. \"ah, I told you not to use Lifeboy\""
"soul-crushing"
"John R @ Hudson now Open. was a crazy scene! RT : we'll advice people to avoid John R & Hudson"
"Vegas Miami Kansas City back to San Diego … all within the next 7 days."
"Its incredible how things can go from a simple question to threatening in 10 minutes...what happened to us?"
"Can't believe Im playing minecraft on my xbox #IsthisRealLife It's so weird since I watch 's minecraft gameplays than play it lol"
"And yes, I'm drinking and cataloging my favorite illustrators on a weeknight AGAIN. You Philistines are lucky to know my kind of people."
"I'm single"
"A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving"
"i'm so insecure that when people laugh in the hallway i feel hey are laughing at me..."
"thanks for the mention"
"An #Arcade Fire note: Sprawl II is probably the best song on The Suburbs even though it's the least like their old stuff. It's very new wave"
"Great tour today with the Superintendent and representatives from Zappos. The students did a great job of demonstrating our culture."
"got daddy's lambo :-)"
"With Patrice in the room after getting injured, who else would lead the #Bruins back but David Krejci.The man has been on fire the last week"
"LOL mid-day is perfect. it can be via phone. let me know what number to call you at and when. i must get u into this article :)"
"Feel like DeMarcus is trying to get the first-ever quadruple-double with pts, rebs, to's and techs."
"It's not about who you spend the most time with. It's about who you had the best memories with."
"Aside from our new website, find us in Impression's Buyer's Guide when you need to compare equipment & accessories."
"RT : EXTENSION: Apply by May 10th, #Cleantech Open Biz Accelerator & Competition >580 have raised >$600M"
"I'll buy you pancakes at iHop because I own them iHopkins"
"I'm a little dangerous if you get me around data. But, it's important and I enjoy it. So... I'm jumping in today."
"\"I am sofa king, wee Todd dead\""
"not a secret anymore my dear haha"
"Another Naughty Dog game not named Jak and Daxter? Cmon man."
"It's almost physically impossible to turn off the radio when a Bob Marley song is on"
"I'm getting sick:("
"Got me some Shipley's, finally!"
"TOMORROW 5/9 WE WILL B AT TWO RIVERS CORPORATE PARK OFF MCGAVOCK FROM 11-130.COME OUT AND GET THE BEST COUNTRY COOKIN IN NASHVILLE"
"Jarrod Polson will have a shot attempt in this game."
"Thank you for the mention! Have a great weekend!"
"Many reply all congrats emails today. The other 200 people here wish I hadn't gotten a promotion and clogged up their email. Sorry!"
"RT : on my way to school then we are going to incredible pizza for the whole day! and tomorrow is lazzer tag!!"
"Oh nice!(: if you still have my number you should text me???"
"I'm getting so old. I can't remember half the shit I said I was going to remember, and my post-it notes are cryptic."
"Just so you know, I'm really bad at getting people out of class"
"Members of House Finance move into \"explain my vote\" speeches on #coasset. Two Dems so far will vote yes."
"Here's a thought: rehearse your reaction to rejection."
"I hate working on proposals. Glad to have three to work on though."
"Tip 'o the Hat to the #librarians who put Tintin in the library when I was a kid even though the books were still in French."
"Watching #espn 2... playing Georgia at #alexboxstadium....Geaux tigers !"
"Ha! It's an offer worth going back for! :) Nice to meet you too."
"Thanks, Justin! It was our pleasure!"
"Oh dang… to ebay I go. Why didn't I know about these when I was 12?"
"and ruined all of your credibility"
"your cell phone is obsolete in 2 years, shouldn't your internet change too...Peewaddy.com"
"I Am Looking At Two WebSite's. So Far Thier Pretty Good, One Is Not Completely Done"
"every single one of his songs is good."
"we should be right now lol"
"Glad to hear so many of u are making the trip from out of town to get the HOB show. You guys are really incredible!! 9 days left!"
"Thanks. The Hillis stuff this year made me nervous/sad. I just talked to him for 20 mins, but no one deserves what I fear awaits him."
"that's false."
"and actually rhetoric is part of distinctly oral argumentation tradition, which is why do teach public speaking..."
"Who else loved the Dior J'adore commercial with that Gossip song?"
"You all should also stick around downtown for Waterfire tonight. The ladies and gents of PRD get to light the bonfires tonight!"
"Too bad you can't tell that line was Flowmax. Run loops around you,I call it pro laps. \"Just do it\" all better, nickname is Bo Jax"
"Tonight: AutoMatic Beats featuring Plan Beats w DJ Selfborn at.Automatic Slims Bekay"
"I'm home alone after work screaming at my tv. Feels goodman"
"Girl Is On My Mind"
"tattoo appt. w/ jen =)"
"My mood is getting better "
"I just ate the best dang banana I have ever had! Organic from I just got yesterday. Seriously so good!"
"Today is a very special day for us . You gotta let love rule"
"I love you <3"
"these girls be flexxin talkin bout sucking dick and eating pussy knowin damn well that they get scared in real life #toosoon?"
"well, that's a good question....any positive developments?"
"Wow. My daughter is grumpy today."
"That is a good one. Against the Dark is one of the LOW budget movies he produced himself."
"Piano Time ❤"
"Settling in for a few minutes with my new issue of Tattoo Savage before bed. SO pooped. Come on Friday!"
"anyone been to a football game in Norman OK, tips on where to stay at least the general area?"
"your #DCNashville friends miss you. Many thanks for your excellent workshops packed with business and #drupal goodness"
"Thank u lord for this beautiful day u have given me..amen"
"It's Teacher Appreciation Week! Why were you inspired to become a teacher?"
"Every week imma start my week off by sayin.....its some ugly ass people on dis campus"
"I already got it done"
"\"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.\" - Jim Rohn."
"sweet! Congrats!!"
"Every little bit gets us closer to our goal! And sharing our site with others is also a huge help."
"still haven't started... gunna be a long night"
"challenge accepted."
"&& I think I really like who I'm becoming, there's times I might do it, just to do it , like its nothing ."
"at home in Waukesha"
"hey u gone stop trynna play my momma real talk lol"
"Atta Boy! :') RT Fuck this i'm eating:p"
"Go follow me i follow back!"
"more to follow!!!"
"And that's a record percentage. RT : Need a free proofread on that resume, let me know..."
"It's a kind of morning."
"#diabetes is preventable. Learn more by texting HEALTH to 300400."
"And after watching the interaction between dems and the GOP while the new congress got sworn in, I'm convinced they're all the same party."
"thanks for the #FF -- right back at you!"
"Have some SUPER exciting things coming up next week! Can't wait to share them with you!! :)"
"Thanks for the RT"
"hate to admit it, u r right. MCN in PDX was the 1st I worked on & yr committee rocked. No disrespect 2 Austin/Atl."
"yes. c: it was great"
"more dates posted..."
"Yeah, next time we'll pick a less haunted Denny's. LOL"
"#MyFirstWishFor2012 is that i will meet and get a follow from and"
"Happy Birthday shout out to my big bruh enjoy ur day"
"still don't understand why I've never heard \"Love Never Dies\" in the club or at festivals. Nice track!"
"citizen engagement barriers: 1)profiteers from risky development don't want them. 2)citizen involvement comes after policy developed"
"If our children are the road to the future, then Leadership is their cement to success. www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com"
"Oh I am so jealous RT : I just tried out 3 kayaks at the OutdoorProvision kayak test day. Lots if fun and very warm...."
"This is so helpful. Its definitely going to happen. This shall be the best summer yet"
"and these cats came to play. Kenny's on fire and the band is shaking the rafters!"
"2 obstacles down, 7 to go, or 12? I think I see an oasis."
": which person?"
"Looking forward to it. We appreciate what you do as is!"
"Don'pt forget to choose and pay for shipping in your hop rhizome pre-order too!"
"i dont wanna wake u,so im gonna pack my things and go,yeah,pack my things and go."
"Awe ok. I haven't been doin much, just tryin 2 hold on n not 2 get told on. Lol, in my mike epps voice. His actual words"
"Nice meeting at the Enterprise Gardens session. Excited to collaborate on Drupal music..."
"the most I can tell you is we know the business aspects, we're marketable & we make good music, etc... But we're broke lol"
"same here D:"
"My hobbies include childcare, Zumba, and finding cute dogs to follow on instagram"
"Definitely was an interesting day, but gotta say the best part about it is when asked me to her Prom:) I loved it!"
"YOUR AMAZING! favorite!"
"please contact me after the holidays."
"Not part of the #BeerMob?? Ask your server or bartender how to join. Get exclusive specials and great beer mob gear."
"Haha I suppose. I have no idea what it is or where it is. :-)"
"If followed me, my life would be complete! Even though he's already completed it each time I met him lol"
"love it. I vote #Fridayonafriday replaces"
"A5: Without visibility, you won’t be noticed. Career progression comes to an abrasive halt."
"that's sick!"
"Most artists do not have a brand because they focus on blending in instead of standing out."
"I can't never say my mom didn't tell me so"
"Entenmann's chocolate doughnut dunked in ice cold milk ..."
"Music coalition"
"If one more person says that about me! Lol RT : u so sometimesy lol"
"Ever have one of your face muscles cramp? Wow."
"Been On A Huge Wiz Khalifa Kick!"
"other than mourning my kitty I'm good. I've missed you, sexy lady!!!"
"What title?"
"Is there gonna be a happy sons or daughters day?? We got mothers and fathers day!!"
"HoeLies #31: I'm being real."
"Treat yourself at Tipsy Salon & Spa and earn 20% #cashback with your purchase of $60 or more! That's a"
"so am I;P woman! Anyways we should prolly stop fighting:p unless you refuse again"
"Going to to see what art is showing."
"Taylor is legit. Therefore, your argument is invalid haters."
"Disappointed by results of logo contest I started online for my podcast: every image of woman sent, woman was naked or half-naked."
"Patriot League represent?"
"loved your green dress from today's show! Where is it from?"
"I Found The Greatest Love Of All Inside Of Me"
"Just walked through a mall to go to a celebrity chef's chain restaurant and drop $30 on a burger and three hot wings."
"I took a library management class, but it didn't cover what to do when an intern tells you off and storms out. Wish it had."
"i love you more than donuts!"
"Anything you permit (good or bad) grows and it will boomerangs on you."
"You may have hit upon the reason!"
"How do 5 gay boys walk ? In one direction . Lmfaoo I was dying when I saw this !"
"Chillin in this huge ass house wit my cuz gunna finish suckerpunch. Can't wait to go to cali! 2weeks:)"
"Excited for my DC/NC trip but hate packing."
"What's with Jennifer Lopez's ugly red dress?"
"be careful who your friends are cause they can turn into enemies in a heartbeat"
"Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession - Portales News-Tribune Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession Portales Ne"
"RT \"go #Orioles!\""
"#np you know im no good - Amy Winehouse"
"Thanks! We've posted some of our finds already, but we'll be doing more throughout the day today!"
"I'm right here boo boo!"
"Cool, my group just scheduled another meeting on the worst times…"
"FOOD TRUCK WARS Bringing it to Oviedo on March 31st 2012 Noon to 6pm. 40 Food Trucks from all over the State, live music, more Come Hungry!"
"love seeing Iona in the mix for all these guys!"
"How did it go? If I had seen this earlier I would have said good luck. Retroactive good luck!"
"Grateful 4 the love & mothering I've received frm my mom, my grandmothers, my aunts, my soon 2 B mom-in-law & my godmothers."
"I hope that dream was just a glimpse into our actual future!"
"I don't shit from shit when it comes to twitter but I know when u figure it out you'll blow it up!! Yeeeeeow"
"Wait, so wants your money through to make a mobile app for them so they make more money? Wow. Sheeple."
"Monstro Releases Social Music Charts -- First Charts to Measure Music Shared on Social Networks"
"Toured Maple Dale school on Port Rd. today. Sending 8 yr old daughter there next year. Seems like great school. Any MD parents out there?"
"Sitting with You funny bb!!!"
"The only thing that's going to bother me is that you all called yourselves my friends"
"Can I replace Tamara Holder? Please? She makes us ALL LOOK BAD!"
"Saw Neil Gaiman on the Simpsons tonight...Hilarious!"
"Dang my granny ask alot of questions"
"Gotta get the puck in the net Rangers. Can't put it all on Henrik."
"I'll shock D from time to time in memory of you."
"My term paper will be awesomee lol !"
"Good place to be!!!"
"The LSU coach lost the game by not making player changes in an attempt to improve chemistry!!!"
"Ohs I see. It's also called Million Dollar Lake 'cause a bunch of rich older people live hurrr."
"I'm a paramedic in Alabama, do u have any advice for a 27 yr old who dreams of playin guitar on stage? Strugglin to learn..."
"Welcoming the NNRC #Baltimore member, to Twitter. Gore Brothers providing complete #courtreporting & #litigation support"
"Never forget where you came from"
"Just left the studio after hearing final mix of \"Uh Oh\" 1 word: smokin'"
"If you don't invest in your music, you're just talking the talk.."
"Been busy with rewrites. Just heard. RIP Blake Snyder."
"GAMES OVER!!!"
"Best first line of story EVER: Sean Bean from Thrones was arrested. says: \"Winter is coming... And so are the police.\""
"👊🔥RT : Workout done!!! hate I won't be there for sessions I will be back in full effect next month. Lol"
"now all the lames popular"
"Hawaii friends! Check out Wendy Perkins of NPR fame tonight @ 5:30 @ the ground floor, it's her first showing of \"Faces\" her Hawaiian series"
"Check out Kraft's Superior Tile Notched Trowel in use on page 3 of the new"
"If you love something set it free, and it comes back it's meant to be, if you let it go, and it doesn't show, keep on moving down the road<3"
"#MyFavMichealJacksonSong... ROCK MY WORLD!!"
"Thanks for the great line of communication in pressing our album. We will recommend you to everyone!!!"
"so much fun killing time with everyone - #SXSW house party at 3pm today, DM us for address"
"Haha oh I completely agree with you there. Have you been to San Fran? Or what about Orange County?"
"I remember i had a flip phone & thought i was the shit ! Lmaoo !"
"Everyone follow & buy there iPhone app they have the best push services for Twitter facebook & mail these guys are awesome"
"It's getting hot outside I need sum sun glasses this sun killing my old eyes lol"
"Not true. You just know not in love RT : In order for you to be over a relationship you have to hate the person you had it with."
"woo hoo ... look at you, you writer, you."
"go to sleep child!!!!"
"First weekend without plans in ages... lets see where the day takes me."
"Time for some chocolate milk."
"I think when models show their boobs in magazines , they are just the biggest sluts out there."
"This ump's strike zone is absolutely massive in the Indians game. Calling everything inside and outside a strike."
"Kiss Peeta: Get broth. Sometimes it begins this way. Love is hard in war."
"Oh, thats the guy you flirt with on facebook;) haha ryan."
"\"10 minutes\" is generic term for \"whenever\" RT: have you noticed it only delays service by ten minutes? Every single time?"
"nice shoutout on"
"What's up with the porn chicks all of a sudden 'following' me? Ladies, I am so not interested in your tweety-spam."
"Goodmornoon! Drinking my coffee and trying to have a productive day! Happy Thursday everyone! :)"
"Some breakfast, then getting ready to head to the Lunmis Day festival. I <3 Northeast LA!"
"I am jack's complete frustration"
"Those who want more choice can pay more for that luxury. Essential coverage a greater good than access to MGH."
"I'm Ridin Round & I'm Gettin'it *police sires* ...OHH SHIT!"
"Technically challenging, that is."
"Well if he cheats he cheats! Ppl just need to stop talking about it!!!"
"#FF SHOW SOME LOVE & FOLLOW THESE FRIENDS!"
"boom strike!"
"how's it going for you??!! Hilfiger's a big name! You get to talk to him and etc?!"
"Thanks! I'll update the link."
"want one now!"
"Thanks to and for everything. #NAB was awesome. w/"
"by the way any other suggestions where to get the word out?"
"Musicals in general may have fallen out of favor with me. I think I'm too bitter. Thanks for illuminating though."
"Billy, thanks for connecting. Stay in touch! Matthew"
"...When u live like this, ur suppose to party!!!!!"
"Fire up your morning with a delicious spicy chicken biscuit."
"Aw, thanks! Better late than never!"
"FOUND AT THE OWL BAR: important looking hand drawn building plans. If you're missing any, please let me know!"
"Your way too beautiful girl"
"Sometimes I just have the urge to delete my twitter. It causes so much stupid hate & drama. but then again, I'd be bored as hell without it."
"The movie The Grey came out on Blu-Ray and dvd. Its really good. Its suspense and a little horror. Some parts are prettys graphic. I hav ..."
"RT : City of Eagan: open access network will preserve scarce right of way in the city"
"What if she opts to go for a McCafe drink? Thats up to four dollars and worth much more in dollar menu. Do you shoot it down?"
"Great way to start the day! RT : Went in for a morning coffee and leaving with a breakfast panini too!"
"Metta World Peace on last nights 29 point blow out, \"I think we did ok tonight..\" you'd think he was the one of took an elbow to the face"
"#LakerNation n im hearing dat Steven A. Smith said Kobe better than Jordan shit i might have to agree"
"I'm here to pick my wife up from her clinicals. I've heard a few intense discussions while I wait."
"thanks Marian for RT- have a good weekend"
"Yes Going Ham--->RT : pool party??"
"It's daily. Seriously, I'm convinced it's contractually obligated to only work 4-5 hours a day; nevermind my 8 ..."
"EP Guitars half way done. /// YEAH."
"[WATCH]: Phonology – The Phoneme I"
"Bye bye Pittsburgh.. bye bye Asham d-bag"
"Wow... amazing how some people take shit the wrong way..."
"Not really, I was just wondering if you were going to have the audio files for the entire show or not."
"Ball so hard my ankle hurt \"T.I\" lol I love that part"
"It's Bumgarner's first start since signing his five-year extension. Let's see how he responds."
"Any fool can make history, but it takes a genius to write it. Oscar Wilde"
"I love #TheBandPerry the lead singer is so pretty!!"
"sry wasn't around this weekend... today or Wednesday the 12th?"
"Looks like I'll be in Dublin, Ireland late September through much of October. Interested in hosting a dialect workshop? DM me!"
"things looking good for the bball camp???"
"Congrats. I couldn't wait to be done. I had the option to stay and get my PhD but turned it down. Wish I would have stayed now"
"I would strongly."
"thx for sharing your goal setting tactics Gamification of the world is everywhere. Keep an eye on #TEDxEmory w/ follow up footage"
"At the Bertucci just living the dream!!"
"totally jealous!!"
"I hope! Then I'll come back or you can come to KY!"
"Get rid of the egg. Come on already. If you're going to do this, do it right. No more egg."
"Tomorrow night is our info session at the Orleans St. Library, from 6:15-7:45 PM! This fall you can get involved and help a child in need!"
"- hot in here! It's my favorite song right now <3"
"Can we join you?! #sprummer RT \"Ice Cream time.\""
"Thank you for following us! As a thank you gift we would like to offer you one for our environmental reports for free."
"Dumbass #criminals in this crazy world we live in and these judges really be letting them go fucked up system"
"New song! I promise recordings are coming soon... EP? Maybe?"
"Getting setup for the Orlando Food and Wine Fest @ Lake Eola Downtown Today and Sunday from Noon to 9pm! Come enjoy a beautiful weekend!"
"I like how no one's confirming they'll take Richardson with the third pick. Obviously they will."
"thanks,you as well ;-)"
"remember that time I was listening to Fey?"
"RT : A true friend listens to you when you need it most, not just when it's convenient. ~ Deepak Chopra"
"And his \"evolving\" stance on marr equality is a big step from where every other POTUS has been, even from where he was in 2008"
"keep in mind, each U.S. state is widely different in size/population. Vermont may be very liberal, but it's pop. isn't.."
"Curse you water heater! Why must you crap out on me today? I want to take a bath!"
"Life is a chance, benefit from it."
"i just put on my noise canceling headphones"
"What a boring day."
"Whatever you can vividly imagine, ardently desire, and enthusiastically act upon, will inevitably come to pass"
"HEY TAX PROS! Pre-register now and save $129 at the IRS Nationwide Tax Forums. For a limited time only. Visit www.irstaxforum.com"
"“: More than 90% of my tweets tonight are to and from #someonenewtalktome #seriously” I will buddy"
"loved it all!"
"Oh I see there you unfollow people who don't tweet that often. I also see that you lack any redeeming qualities as a human"
"bruh you know that's my job lol"
"bc i dont have my phone in service today and my BF hasent even checked here if i was even on here"
"#ItsHardTo be in a relationship longer than 6 months, when youre not willing to give UP ur VIRGINITY"
"let it all hang out, girl! Tonight is your night to go wild."
"Had a long month"
"hello everyone (;"
"it's good to find someone who likes to rely on data!"
"If a cop pulls you over for talking on your phone, just tell him you were reporting a drunk driver."
"please disregard weird messages my twitter is sending out. virus/hacked."
"Lucky night for the customers. The wine flowed like... well, wine, really... thanks to all the followers who showed up!"
"I plan on singing to my mother today. Yup."
"it was a lot of titles, but you all did a great job."
"thanks for the follow. Appreciate it."
"Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion"
"Join us for Cuddletime this morning at 1130! Great storytime for children not yet walking!"
"did u play today?"
"Can the Kings step up tonight on national TV and steal a win?"
"Curiosity begins as an act of tearing to pieces or analysis.—Samuel Alexander"
"lol confirm might be the better word choice there. if i admit i'm crazy, it means i'm not, right? *G*"
"Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end."
"But I thought WordArt made things good?!"
"\"We can't quite decide if the world is growing worse, or if the reporters are just working harder.\""
"My dad goin be like why do you have a F in band and im goin be like idk ask the damn teacher"
"No, we're skipping them. We'll head over there for a beer or two after the game."
"well thanks for checking us out! You should listen to our ep \"century tree\" and tell us what you think. :)"
"AMEN- and I am not even in Texas"
"Woman just said to me, in a voice that would've done Squidward proud, \"Have an amazing day.\" I think she really meant it."
"Thank for following. We hope to get them to Chi-Town. Tell your followers from Chicago to follow us."
"That's what I liked hearing from people today re RL imbroglio ..."
"yeah I wanted to see if she was ugly! the ugly girl isn't a girl! Its a real guy! aka tranny lmaoooo he/she buddy"
"Top Ten books to read on Amazon- We Have 5 www.justsmellsogood-nation.com"
"Well played, LoMo. RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?"
"U do have the hottest SHIT! I have ever heard, lol"
"Calphalon Commercial Cookware - Only the Best!"
"Let me claim what's mine"
"We are wrapping up some great projects! Check-in and checkout whats cookin!"
"Miss you."
"the hot guys are always gay. Makes sense."
"Watching #faceoff loving that it's about #HungerGames love that movie!!"
"This has been noted."
"Birthday celebration is at the midpoint ... hoping for things to become truly unbelievable in the next few hours."
"RT and : I *love* that Google put a tribute to Steve Jobs on google.com with a link to apple.com. Respect."
"aw well im sorry:("
"Ok. I'm ready are you?"
"Wish I didn't have to work today so I could go to #dayglow. I guess I'll just watch from across the street."
"So glad you made it through, thanks again for being there yesterday!"
"Where are you located?"
"#FF ::: Need Hot new Music / Beats / Hip-Hop Collab? GO FOLLOW>>>"
"ah, those are HOT!"
"Ready to rock the red !"
"You hafta be a real savvy nerd to do both!"
"are u at school? Having a glue emergency..where'd you get urs?"
"smack ass friday (:"
"Well Packer fans, the judges aren't gonna help any, so GET TO VOTING!"
"HAHA sadly no I'm not a Belieber, although the name makes me kind of want to be..."
"-- Not sure what firing a first-year manager on May 9 does for a team ... Valentine has little effect on Boston pitching"
"is my favorite person I've never met"
"Ill give these hoes nightmares!"
"Ppl with less followers, have them, because their comments are rude & distasteful."
"You know my lazy ass is."
"Shorty Got Gifts ;)"
"You're a strange one."
"Agree with that land use questions would be great."
"thanks for putting us on your favorite list. Full band studio work coming in 2012. Keep your ear open for us! M.E."
"lol shut up :p"
"#FWYH come ask me"
"Did you interview the ICONic Boyz??(:"
"Via keynote #MCF2012 Companies cannot grow through cost reductions alone."
"lmao!!!! Ohh I forgot, an old flame hit me up yesterday with the hey my life is so great speech, turned into if I'm free."
"RT - \"You change with every situation and event you go thru in life\" -Miami Dolphins RB Larry Johnson"
"Brand new episode of #TVD tonight at 8pm! Directed by my favorite"
"Good to know. When does it go away? Why did I get it? I mean, is it symptomatic of something greater going on? Thank you!"
"Thank YOU for being there for us, Bakes. RT Thanks to all the great Sharks fans who support this team thru thick and thin."
"Lovely Ariel Bowman <3"
"#ABirdoftheAir was born from Joe Coomer’s best-selling book The Loop. What is your favorite book that you’d like to see turned into a film?"
"Congrats to on an awesome 1st weekend out with his E-Trac! 11 civil war bullets, $1.32 change & his first silver ring!"
"Going places today!"
"a spray water bottle is a great way to get them to stop using your porch."
"Whoops, we posted from the wrong account. RT We will be releasing 30 tickets for Friday's show at noon tomorrow."
"I'm busy both dates"
"Everything, is said for a reason right?"
"awesome... keep me posted."
"I'm Madd Nice To People The Only Time That I'm Rude Is Only When People Decide To Get Crazy With Me !"
"I didn't get to eat breakfast :("
"Which conservatory? and which competition?!!! youare really good!"
"In the quiet isolation of my mind, truth show itself through patient, honest listening. It is there I can craft my own path & own salvation."
"Now following: ! What's good?"
"I Just Tried Lean..."
"Crunch time for distributor deliverables. Meetn w/editor /retrieve drive for hdcam transfer. Still seekn cheap trf loc."
"The fact that $15 didn't even get me 3.5 gallons of gas disgusts me. Just sayin."
"Who is Robert Griffin and why did his draft pick by the Redskins just interrupt scroll across my screen during #Community ?"
"is gettin' ready for work."
"Won 2 awards tonight at the Colorado Meetings & Event awards!!! I have some pretty good marketing skills ;)"
"Follow the MKEYouthCouncil this week as we speak with Iraqi students and Chicago groups about #youth and #leadership!"
"Somehow I have developed an Irish accent by talking to my cousins. School tomorrow should be interesting now"
"hope your ready for me nd rob to com back"
"Oh, I this one's a good one. Something Corporate- Konstantine"
"this sunday, to be exact. (;"
"nothing im okaai its okaai i guess.?|':"
"new to Android but it looks like the Sensation has a leaked ics rom that has working camera can we use those drivers on the inc2"
"thanks girlie, have great weekend!!"
"Beat L.A."
"i hate when ppl ask why i dont have a boyfriend... cuz i dont want 1"
"my Luddite friend is somehow on Twitter and he is being really sassy about it. FOLLOW WEDNESDAY:"
"Don't think that was a travel..."
"Dont hold back, how do you rly feel? ;-) re: zebra even more irrelevant than it was before"
"Had a fun time tonight with my boy :)"
"oh for sure. I'm out at a mine in BFE now and during the summer. Have some breaks and lazy days, you may need to ........."
"the reason he won its cuz he had more points...cuz i played better...lol..."
"it's spying on people! It's creepy"
"Yes, \"hella\" is still part of my vocabulary."
"you can get tickets at the door. 12 buckss :)"
"Just doing what I can my friend ;)"
"oh goodness, I heard a table near me giggle .... Truly embarrassing"
"I have an obesession with socks. I must have the Jordan AJ 10 striped"
"you are CrAzY!!! Lol"
"RT : Good to nip the cancer before it grows. RT : If conflict is not addressed, it will impact productivity."
"ah! Darn! Okay well we deff have to figure when to get everyone together.. Maybe monday or next weekend.? Lol idek"
"Should have started this sooner. Places I'll never live...Ramah, CO."
"Q: wassup., wanna txt.? A: Yea HMU"
"I hope this game sets the tone for the entire weekend"
"Ditto! Sign me up to canvass : haven't given to re-elect yet, but will if finally comes out for"
"I have thought long & hard about the draft (so a lunch break, haha) & who the Cavs need to take. I really like Barnes."
"Couldn't agree more. Still have 's thought-provoking interview w/Radio New Zealand's Kim Hill coupla yrs ago on my iPod."
"Not at the moment. Join our facebook group to stay in the loop."
"Also We are thankful of your support. Nobody is cooler than"
":D Let us know what you think!"
"iO is putting the sexy in E-Villa tonight."
"Busy busy busy!!!/:"
"File under reasons President Obama is great: now publically supports gay marriage equality."
"It's in North Park. One of my favorite parks in SD and a great place to watch fireworks with views of DT and Coronado :)"
"not gone stop making music."
"Hurray! RT: Finally seeing my best friend tonight!"
"We have the venue and our main speaker (a shark from Shark Tank) on top of 4 other self made millionars ready to help!!Looking for sponsors"
"Check this out."
"Lunch Break today Crab Cake Sub with fried onions, lettuces, tomato's, hot peppers, and old bay, french fries and side of cole slaw,"
"You would fat ass"
"those kinds of guys are perfect"
"how are your red velvets?"
"what's the best social business you know of? are there others like TOMS only better?"
"your profile picture is fantabulous"
"Dear Pinterest, Thank you for bringing the art of homemaking back. Love, Nicole"
"ERROR CITY up in this game"
"With social media, the reporter as a personality has become more important. People trust, follow, engage w/ reporters they like."
"Don't do it, gurl. Air contains sufficient calories."
"Im I the only person who has not seen the Avengers!?"
"ha! Some of your best tweet material of 2012. And p.s. You know what she saw in him."
"that's dope I'm always happy to hear about friends progressing towards awesomeness R u going back to school to teach??"
"#FunnierThanCordova Biographies of Kennedy wives and girlfriends."
"yeah, maybe it's not me being like that and it's just everyon else being shady!"
"Evenius~ The crowd gives the leader new strength."
"Haha ppl who delete me from facebook i cant help but laugh at. How childish are you?"
"it's my half birthday today haha :p"
"u better!!!"
"i have to go on another diet/fast i must lose weight."
"Fifty Shades of Not Gray - Wall Street Journal"
"You really need to follow me"
"im w/ u sister he is"
"Thanks for the follow!"
"Hope it works :)"
"Come join us for the kick off of Concordia Gardens on Saturday May 15th 10-3. Sign up for a 4x12 plot $10-$30."
"Ryan Braun exonerated in drug test investigation!!! HEBREW HAMMER INNOCENT! Stoked!"
"Lmao...I jus laughed at a tweet I just saw....YEAH RIGHT!!!!"
"Just handled Zay Mula on that Madden 12 Ray Ray and the Ravens 17 philly 0 Def win championships"
"could u give me a shoutout??(:"
"I need input on that."
"Are you attempting to correct the stereotype with another stereotype or propagating what the NYTimes told you? :)"
"haa i know, its my favorite(:"
"i think i just woke up with homeward bound's theme song stuck in my head....idk how to feel about this...."
"Have so much homework to do! -_- How's everyone doing?"
"you gonna rap on em?"
"Here outside at staples center.. ...waiting to go inside to see lady gaga live at her concert....we ;)"
"Got one left!"
"thank you! #loveyoubff !!!"
"I'm the opposite of upset that we have barely talked recently."
"Desktop users more likely to go straight to #pubmedia homepages (vs mobile users)."
"Thanks for the RT!!"
"Girl, just keep working... lol"
"Saturday, Center, in Green Bay lol"
"I try."
"oh well that's interesting! I'd rather be doing that then being in psychology right now ):"
"Trying to cut me down to your size, I'm trying to make you see life through my eyes."
"Thanks for the mention!"
"I wanna go to a #Pirates Game!!"
"How do we submit for distribution?"
"For one day love will settle with me, and i, may no longer have need to run"
"is probably the most patient person alive"
":'( I couldn't have handled that. My father was taken very suddenly. I'm sorry to hear you are going through that."
"If ur trusting Jesus,it's ALL working out for your good! All of it!The good, the bad!Remember that! God Bless!"
"Why am I in Lyons?"
"Some people spam Justin way to much. You don't need to send the same message a 100 times"
"RT : Father, help me to never be afraid to pray for the impossible. #whynot?"
". Yes, poor choice in adjectives. Something unique and delicious would be ideal."
"Judge me, your judging yourself more than me."
"Gunna try out Windows 8 tonight... not sure what I'm expecting"
"haven't been here much this last week startin a new job & have ben sick all week mostly work & sleep but I luv my new job"
"My middle finger gets a boner when it sees you."
"You know, if I follow correctly, WORD."
"Nothing Darlin, I'm just off being a mischievous little runt today. The last few sneak-ups weren't calm. Those poor followers lol."
"ATTENTION FOLLOWERS: Anyone do interviews or reviews?"
"Awesome! #GEEBZ RT : Saw a outfit at the #JDRF #WalkWithTom outing on Saturday. Very cool stuff."
"It is delicious. How's OK?"
"Congrats to Bill Belichick, on winning Mechanical-Pencil-In-Ear Of The Year"
"Agreed! Waiting ages for the new release. RT : now playing on : new , \"disparate youth.\" i love it so much."
": awesome! I would wait until August for Maui"
"I doubt any1 will convince me that global warming is not real. May 14, & 101 on my patio in Las #Vegas. The long hot summer begins early"
"Might stay in tonight... :-P I'm so tired!"
"hey whats good"
"Thanks for having a look! Checked out your webpage. Nicely done!"
":) -> RT : From SVP Randy Settimio--how do we become great? The answer is in this room. Oh yeah!"
"You too! I'm looking forward to more in the future. Happy Friday!"
"Very well then. “: - *convey \"no\" headshake*”"
"time magazine is going to milk this for all its worth"
"Also on a separate note ... After weeks of searching we found after prom dresses !!"
"Have a Happy New Year lil sister I always wanted!!! Enjoy spread my love to the girls"
"Your home is much prettier."
"I was to, my class went out to the football field and I knew like none of them"
"Who is Boy Howdy on the Brock and Salk show? I think u and Boy Howdy are much better than Brock and Salk."
"stop embarrassing me"
"There are some things that can only be changed by tears brought on by the holy presence of God."
"Totally unnerving"
"Gone with the Chocolate"
"Regardless of who you root for, we're all a member of team Red, White & Blue. Support 'Tribute in Light' at WTC"
"Happy Earth Day! I'm celebrating by shopping at my local !"
"In semi-answer to your Q re: USPS on site We've 100% confirmed a UPS in the Hilton across the street, @ the least!"
"I appreciate your RT. Thank you."
"Who said that? RT : Nicki And Nas? WHAT!? WHY!?"
"Cookies & Milk , Yummy In my Tummy aha"
"because of the woman on the ad or because you want to get your wife flowers?"
"i am getting ready to get a workout in, later i will get ready for my class...have a great day all!!!"
"Dave has been moving merchandise like crazy and still has some excellent finds"
"aye dont forget to watch pretty little liarss tonight! ;D showw's full of"
"Other than the Kentucky Derby, the Nat'l Farm Machinery Show probably makes for the busiest 3-4 nights in Louisville's strip clubs."
"The bluest skies you've ever seen..."
"we'll check on your submission and get back to you in the next few weeks."
"#NowBumpin \"Earl\" by Earl Sweatshirt"
"My money is on the market manipulators pulling the market back to zero or even positive today. Right now, it looks like they win."
"back??? Like he was with you in your room?"
"OMG! We are at 2k fans today! Thanks fans!"
"LIFT-Philadelphia offices are closed Mon- Wed, call to locate #Philly resources!"
"I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--which is: Try to please everybody."
"01 cote rotie \"brune et blonde\" guigal. I'm looking for a little bacon wrapped bacon to go with it."
"Joe Hite is on the keys tonight."
"Does Red Bull give you tooth decay?"
"Final score 30-10. We'll get the #Locos in the rematch in Omaha on Oct. 15!"
"First all 5 Cats leave. Now I gotta say goodbye to Levon Helm? Damn."
"So my bro is dating a girl with my mothers name, Alexandra.... Is that weird?"
"should i delete my twitter? :o"
"Busy day today as we continue with shoots for added footage and mtgs this afternoon with sound houses. Still much to do...."
"Yo Randy, Show some DurbinatorLove! He was in it to win it! Still is in our eyes!!"
"i WANT TO BE FOLLOWED"
"“: If it's meant to be, we'll find our way, somehow.”"
"DDOT, traffic simulations, traffic pattern analysis data?? Duh, it's riveting."
"RT : Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. -Helen Keller"
"In love with the money don't love these hoes !"
"You really think anything we do could destroy nameless more than it already is?"
"HEY ARE YOU COME ON TINYCHAT TO COME ON PLEASE"
"Computer trying to upload 39-- yes, THIRTY NINE-- windows updates. Oh, yeah, shut it down. Now I'm off to"
"It not foxs news cnn is a joke they are not real news"
"Horray! My first Tweet"
"#springsteen badlands"
"you got many #seattlepackernation peeps?"
"In bed before 9pm last night..feeling pretty awesome today 😄"
"i am but I can't get it to land on your site... whoever it is is a google master... ORT"
"Ha ;) Glad you tuned in. It's all for the kids....all for the kids (and parents of course)."
"I never knew eating seafood fettuccine was so fun! I haven't used this many utensils since I met that backpacker in Poland!"
"made pasta and im not even hungry..."
"#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle journey to the center of the titties"
"#20ThingsAboutMe i am the biggest procrastinator."
"Wooster Ohio for my brothers graduation! Yahoo! I'm scared tho 4 real so TV will keep me safe"
"I better get suspended.!"
"he just needs practice. I agree starting guard middle next season."
"i am extra lost where this comin fun"
"'' You don't seem like the person to litter, I know I just started recently! ''"
"I fucking miss"
"Anyone have a #Samsung #Galaxy phone that they feel like getting rid of? I need one for #Android dev testing"
"thinks it's funny that people complain about the cold until it gets warm and they have something new to complain about."
"but what if someone takes it off of their door so we should put in on the door and also slip one under the door oh my god"
"We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police"
"Blitzer is also pretty damn amused when numbers change on a screen. I think he's just easily amused."
"Where is the #hungergames24PIT one? We in Pittsburgh are supportive of the Capitol? I feel like D13"
"I hate guys that force themselves onto me."
"Haven't tried his class yet. Went to Jazz 1 a couple weeks ago. I was the only student. Got a private for $12! Deal!"
"It's Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?"
"RT : App allows you to see - landing times of all flights and wait times - you can better plan your commute"
"Someone left a random post-it on a door this morning asking what I'd do today if I could do anything... I'd run. And yoga. And beach. You?"
"Busy day at the shop! working on a side of beef and getting to premier our NEW WEBSITE!!!! stay tuned!!"
"Want to learn how to extend #play beyond early childhood AND guide physical #skill development? Next training June 9-10..."
"You're so clever, but clever ain't wise."
"I think Phoenix should become a suburb of Scottsdale."
"Women are now no longer worried just about financial security, but are looking for life experiences and the ability to be themselves"
"seriously tho, Disco will never die!"
"Just gonna go drive to super heb ☀"
"Had a great group at my #vctm presentation on strategies and apps for fun math centers, now on to the beach for #vste meeting!"
"#happymothersday to all the mothers and grandmas today... :)"
"Alright Jack White time to settle in for a first listen and finally hear what this solo album is all about"
"Yes. And tempeh meatloaf."
"aww yes, best day for a wedding ;) the sky looks amazing."
"One day we will take over the world, unless American Dad is on, then we will take over the world!"
"Time for a little STP. #GO90's"
"this is why i hate eating 👎🍴❌"
"parked cars are my specialty"
"this looks amazing! were you with COBI? would love to learn more"
"I don't worry 'bout what other people think bout me cause it can't be half as bad as what i think of them"
"Great abs vid on Google+!!"
"So proud of my goddaughter, she's 7 yrs old & she's already learned to defend herself....."
"aw sweet! I can't wait to see the woman in black!! You seen the trailer?"
"\"Wine makes daily living easier, less hurried, with fewer tensions and more tolerance.\"⁰Benjamin Franklin"
"I absolutely love Rios going to RF! He's such a better hitter when he's not trying to pull everything!"
"Why didn't the win w/ Orton?"
"Adidas athletes dropping hard like my rhymes! Watch out for my mixtape #RigSoHard!"
"Just finished week 2 day 2 of #C25K with ! Running for a cause with"
"just holidays"
"If it's Wednesday it's got to be HOMAGROWN Stinson Showcase at Whiskey Chicks with ACM! And of course - The #Thunder Game!"
"Isn't Keynote great? It's all about the video! And yes did a great job as did you! Loved hearing your 6 tips!"
"1/2 - Everyone likes a little humor and it can make a learning process more interesting and help engage the learners, but..."
"-- give it back Truth!"
"Things just fucking happen all the time, and I guess it'll become ether for me. Who knows."
"Happy birthday Tyson! I hope you have an awesome one! Love ya! ♥ Mal"
"have a wonder break my brother..."
"OMG DON`T YOU GET IT HE DNT WANT YOU!!!!! ALL HE WANT IS THAT HEAD!!!!! B*TCHS THES DAYZ WILL NEVER LEARN THATS WHY HE NOT CLAIMIN YOU NOW"
"Only five fictitious names were found by the GAB."
"good point! another thought: don't remodel--you may never be able to get the TV out."
"Nothing on TV tonight . Boring!"
"Still this is a pretty hurtful article."
"DIEGO!!!! How are you?"
"Kissing is the best way for me to display my affection."
"St Patrick's Day so much to do so little time!"
"it's game day! Bring it!!"
"Comparing Clear-Cut Applications Of How to Generate Network ..."
"did you know that damon has a new girlfriend after rose?"
"HELL YES! RT : that concert would be sick!! :)"
"iUndergroundReports.com is going to branch out from news-oriented video stories and start tackling the fun, the weird, the wild. Send tips!"
"Waverly is special to me because I am TB positive. I found them while researching TB. \":"
"Watching the editing, mixing and mastering process is an invaluable lesson - don't skip out on it. Just sit and observe and learn!"
"Museum fans and visitors! What do you wish museums were doing more of with social media? Reply w/ #musesocial to be part of the convo."
"don't say that! Eagles will know you're missing a step and you'll be replaced!"
"Debating on whether or not to open my 2nd bottle of white rye. 30 years from now it would be nostalgic to have batch 1."
"^ “In the greatness of your majesty you threw down those who opposed you. ⁰You unleashed your burning anger; it consumed them like..."
"OMG are you tweeting now??"
"Celebrating my 120th follower with Thanks !"
"In need of manicure to fully round out my new hairdo and elevated mental health status."
"there is no answer. It's clearly a koan."
"We're sharing your joy in this! Hope all is well! RT What a gorgeous fall day!"
"Old school! You ever play Diablo?! - Alex G."
"What a beautiful spring day! No room for improvement."
"About to kill off a character in my new book. Man this is hard. Let us bow our heads and pray."
"If you're given an opportunity of a lifetime and you disrespect it go fuck you and your fake self."
"You may be a cultural omnivore - able to appreciate the best of the everything at its proper level."
"Yea, Amber definitely had the biggest fanbase. Cheers for her were almost as loud as for the other groups"
"Pretty sure I'm supposed to have lunch with someone today. Can't find it in my calendar/email. If it's you, let me know"
"Sounds great! Looking forward to hearing about it!"
"Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?"
"''If you're walking down the street with a boyfriend, don't put your arms around him. Something terrible will happen!'' -my grandma"
"The day's bright side for local #Brewers fans is that less than 4 hours remain in it. Stay strong, west coasters."
"Ha, he's about my height. Maybe a little taller. Can't say i knew him too well. Knew his brother (who graduated w/ me) better"
"Go Hard Everyday Is What I Live By, Fuck All That Yolo Stuff That Shit Is For The Small Fries"
"Heightened security at #Lindbergh today (due to anniversary of Bin Laden death) not noticeable to most travellers"
"If you would find happiness and joy, lose your life in some noble cause. A worthy purpose must be at the center of every worthy life."
"also, come hear play in our living room on Sunday, May 27th at 7pm! I promise it will be lots of fun. and HILARIOUS."
"Thats the sweetest tweet I've seen from you in while! :P"
"oh alright just checking. :) lol"
"The homie killed his verse on 'Straight Like that'........"
"#nowplaying Sayonara-,so good song! It makes me feel awesome!"
"like the kits, but doesn't matter what you look like on the pitch, only what kind of product you produce on it #ARSENAL!"
"#daysofdialogue ,The Galen Center is about to begin- Leadership arriving for conversation bout Economic Crisis & Community Health"
"Old people and pranks, I'm listening."
"Fuck Love ! Kill Cupid ! Her Lies < ! I'm Not Stupid !"
"Yes he is. Lol"
"always behind the saints... Still sporting my number 9 !! Hope to get it signed and meet you someday man..."
"#DF I look like giving you the pleasure of being the topic of my #tweet #bitchplease lmfao!"
"Congrats!!!! I am so happy you won The Voice!!! U deserve it ... And You Rock!!! Awesome Coaching!!"
"Hes not a Christian."
"Alright, password changed, no more hacking! And the rain is gone! Yay!"
"5 Questions From The NFL Draft « CBS Charlotte"
"Setting up twitter accts for myself & work. Can't find my work acct. Really twitter? I just created it. It's there. I see it. No fun yet."
"nope I still love You You little bitch¥<3"
"Sometimes, I wish you would text me back."
"Awe... Cramps. Smh the one time in my life I *hate* being a girl. -_- smh"
"Exactly & obviously not. Ah well some people will never grow up, feel sorry for them."
"HELP TREND #MahoneOnB96 WE NEED THIS TO TREND!"
"Beef chow fun isn't as fun once you've eaten all the beef. And by YOU, I obviously mean not me."
"I just want to retweet all of these they're so accurate"
"Yay Finally Got My Track Shoes These Are The Little Things In My Life That Make Me So Happy:)"
"For the life of me, I don't understand button down collars. Are you worried about the collar getting away from you?"
"If #Macy's can sponsor the #4thofJuly fireworks in NYC why not Chicago?"
"I must say that Lu-Murano chandelier image was awesome. Couldn't believe what I was seeing. You take great photos. Moving."
"Wait at least 48 hrs after coloring hair to shampoo it. Every time you wet hair you open the cuticle --give hair time to seal in the color!"
"Next person to call me \"fat baby Jesus\" gets stabbed in the DICK."
"Remember, duplicate content is not a penalty."
"Haha Sure!! I will LOVE TOO!! Haha :)"
"Snort. RT I honestly can't believe we are debating the Girl Scouts. This makes the creationism debate seem high-minded."
"“: IGNORANT Rap >>> \"Intelligent\" Rap” I'm hoping this is a facetious statement."
"I'm not going to force it today...tomorrow's a brand new day."
"I'm so tired of sitting in my room and thinking of the worst possible outcomes to this."
"Of course my husband is insane and thinks he is going to go judge beer two days in a row this Friday and Saturday."
"none of us stand a chance."
"Filner questions DeMaio on why ConVis vote should not come before the public."
"RT : Know that there are many possible outcomes for any condition, even for those that may seem impossible to overcome."
"ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 31"
"What is this odd sensation I feel. Oh, we're finally winning on the road"
"RT Sing like no one is listening.....Dance like no one is watching.....Love like you've never been hurt;-)"
"Making some epic bloody mary mix from scratch!"
"Sure I'm late: since 401k doesn't save $$, why support it? Why pay to close pension now when city still in economic recovery?"
"Getting a taste of home at coney dog :-)"
"I think I'm going to adopt \"perspective matters\" as my new mantra"
"It feels good to be a big part in a child's life"
"People who break your heart are not worth trying to get back because they could just break your heart again"
"Watching the celebration, I don't think it was Mr. Weaver's 1st refreshment of the night."
"New fav casting notice line: \"tasteful nudity\". Do I even want to know why it's tasteful?"
"Waking up this early is so not my thing."
"Only 15 more days! :D"
"honestly. I didn't even now until I checked battlelog. Hahaaah"
"yo i got an idea for a dope track, are you down?"
"FOTF commercials? Gross."
"The magic you generate with your gift of song warms the entire SPIRIT on destination LoveLand!"
"Me too! Will look for recording. Glad this is popular! RT #sloancres Bounced out of webinar...can't get back in...reached limit"
"Can anyone explain to me why shows Chris Mathews twice? Why not give Dylan or Martin the slot? Re-runs in prime time really?"
"from Portland, OR/ from the link you tweeted."
"So I don't know how this happened, but I think The Isley Brothers are my favorite band."
"Tweets in yo mouth! haha:)) OH, So were you saying you like MGK?"
"all saints. new jeans. pala - vegan pizza. jenni4. babycakes. durian. wine & more wine. green beans and french fries. wine. missed train..."
"waiting, waiting, waiting......"
"I'm loving the fan right now. San Jose is to hot for a husky bulldog tonight."
"\": \"Our Idiot Brother\" opens today! I love Paul Rudd. I can't wait to see it.\" So stoked!"
"All I know is flex now I'm shitn on my ex"
"pic or it didn't happen!"
"RX Power Hour - 12/9 - Marshall White & Alan Colley: Pro Strongman Marshall White joins Nathan and Ryan! Plus: Fresh off his Te..."
"Fortenberry: Looks to the day when ALL students take something of an engineering literacy course."
"Its really sad to hear that Gary Carter has died. R.I.P"
"This NFL shit is"
"I am now going to use the phrase \"battle dress\" as often as possible."
"#Packers play 5 primetime games. That means 5 days I'm showing up for work still"
"dude are you that sad maybe you need a counciler no offense, but get over it bro, try to find another. there are others."
"goognight i;m gonna go cry over the fact that i don't get to see"
"Quote from my sis-in-law (mom to 3 and 5 yr old boys) \"I just let them fight it out until they start using weapons.\""
"Hey, interested in your fork of the apn_sender gem. Shoot me a DM if you get a chance. Thanks!"
"darn right."
"New Keurig has arrived to replace the one we wore out - Coffee is back on at Paragraphs!"
"at the Hilton NYC in support of 's scholars!"
"House Education Committee meeting beginning. Committee expected to vote on charter school bill HB 1228."
"Nope, I was cooking my oven. Seemed like a good idea at the time..."
"“Hey, thanks for putting my groceries in my bag. Yeah I could help, but I’ll just watch. I’m exhausted from picking that crap out. Jim G."
"you got that Big K.R.I.T. L4eva N a Day\""
"Well tonight got much better"
"Drop everything and turn on #Frontline re Syria"
"lol ok that's a deal I will just inbox the shit outta u and tweet the fuck out of u"
"#GhettoCountryLoveSongs Tonight the Hennessy's on me"
"how was lunch at Potomac's ?"
"google link tv Bridge to Iran."
"- Less than 48hrs until 2011 Shoot To Cure Event. Can't wait ;)"
"oh chumbawamba! We actually listened to most of 'tubthumper' the other day"
"PCTEL Achieves $17.2 Million in First Quarter Revenue"
"Im on the edge of my seat!"
"You ever see people singing in their car and just know it sounds worse than anything? Like first 3 pre-Hollywood rounds of Idol worse?"
"after JCP let's send him to the DMV"
"New Year’s Eve Ball Drop Goes Even Higher-Tech [COMIC]"
"Im wondering the same Fucking thing!"
"That was not Raspberry Beret, that was 1999. Come on now."
"are u enjoying it"
"I love that in a post-apocalyptic world everyonehas spray paint."
"Go 2 BED ,"
"Q1 Should a student ask about support and opps for student entrepreneurs when they visit campus?"
"Wonderful testimony by Laura & Reina of the Arts & Business Council!"
"The true cure for depression is not to feel you are being loved, but to give love. Love more and feel better."
"Obama backtracks on Catholic issue. Sounds like semantics in his speech."
"Oh, 3ofUs Studios...we've go to stop meeting like this."
"just write them off simply because \"there is nothing new under the sun.\""
"It's a good day to stay in PJs. I don't like the #snow!"
"all night doors opened at 6 pm were open till 4am. Just mention my name as the promoter and your good. Thanks Phillip Hawkins"
"Reagan is looking forward to making an apple pie with Grandpa"
"I just have these moments of noticing little female stereotypes and feeling irritated. At the same time, I like the story."
"20th Ann. Season Premiere tonight at The Times Center in NYC honoring We've come a long way from 1992!"
"met a few chicks that really enjoy the game watched it for years n didn't play.....but then again they older"
"good love <3"
"Good Job Fumble!!!!!"
"Off to do homework."
"At the #octopuscarwash getting the van a scrub down."
"The hunger games premiere t minus 2 hours & 18 minutes!! :)"
"love this!"
"you get the point:))"
"hey can you please follow me back? It would mean a lot to me! :)"
"#MerryChristmas and a"
"While I appreciate the sentiment, I'm getting annoyed by all the people saying \"Happy Mother's Day\" to me. It's very presumptive & hurtful."
"See you there! I need to start packing soon. :)"
"RT mad cow disease discovered in CA! PROOF that we need less industrial regulation and fewer consumer protections!!"
"got a twitter !"
"I've came to far to stop now. I've been through too much to back down. I'm a prisoner of hope!!:-)"
"aiight I guess we can do that"
"#RemarkableRunners Mom is pushing her 4 yr old son with cerebral palsy in his wheelchair - \"each day is a gift\""
"Now buy your apt!"
"Happy Birthday. I love GetFlow."
"This is why an MLS needs teams to take US Open Cup seriously. Garbage like Seattle wouldn't even be in CCL, if others did."
"Spent all day with Lucas, now tired as fuck! Sleep? Nahh."
"they got this league games Tom, but let's do the damn thing weds"
"I Could Go Thru A Whole List Of \"I Shouldves\" Right Now . ."
"Does signing up for a future something that scares me count as my scary thing for the day? No? Are you sure?"
"the scripts new song nothing is the shit. and thats all i have to say."
"Today would have been the birthday for Lt. Michael Murphy. He was one of the greatest heroes of modern time. NEVER forgotten."
"All you garden enthusiasts some outdoor and indoor plants for sale at the Long Beach Flea Mkt, Bargains happening right now. See you!"
"yeah right! HAHAHAHAH. 😂 i miss you babe!"
"Big New! Kissing Daylight will be opening for Kill Devil Hill @ the Mad Hatter on Saturday Oct 29th. We will have tickets for the show soon!"
"My vote for the MBP. But then, I work from home a lot (and that's usually when I need the most computing power)."
"Oh, now you wanna talk? That's funny."
"his sexiness hypnotizes us and turns us into crazy fan girls... 😳"
"The Twisted Chicken is one of the top sellers. That thing is delicious! Glad you enjoyed yourself."
"Let a pimp know. RT : \": Beer and boobs\" where at nigglet I could drink some beer and look at some boobs lol"
"He said it! \"I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel.\" - Puff Daddy"
"Should the LA Clippers/Memphis Grizzlies series go Game 7, Round 2, Game A could then be on Tuesday, May 15 -from ur unkwn source"
"Oh It's gonna be an interesting next Sunday"
"Keep it simple starting."
"Pens need this game to end up 6-2. Need a wake up call"
"what a beautiful photo of you and your boys. Stay strong. You are in the thoughts and prayers of many."
"\"If you are willing to do for a year what others won't, you can spend a lifetime doing what others can't!\""
"Well, I probably won't. It's been over 30 years with none. But then I may change my mind. Lots of ppl regret their tattoos."
"Tommarow is going to be good, knocking out!"
"#TheMottoILiveBy Fast money, fast cars, and even faster women. 👍"
"radiation is the big one challenge for health"
"We are at our Official Bar on Main St in Carson, drinking off the loss. Join us if your in the area."
"I totally use 's version of \"Oh No!\" in everyday situations. Haha"
"#8181818 I ♥ your icon & username :{)"
"James up the middle for TD! U of O up 21-16 with 1:19 left in the half"
"sorry I fell asleep, just answered!"
"Visit #BlueMarble by 12/31 for a 90 min treatment & receive a certificate for a future 1 hr treatment using code: BMDEAL11! Happy Holidays!"
"We'd love for you to visit--perfect evening to unwind."
"Thanks & for helping with our Social Media event. Appreciate the support for the GBTC!"
"My ex just called me and he said he missed me oh well lol"
"Kashief Lindo performs today in Miramar Regional Park. Love and Light"
"I asked him if I should just move on & all he put was \"idk\""
"Yup again"
"How does twitter? Sometimes when I open the twitter app, I start at the top of everyone's tweets, other times I start 25+ tweets down"
"are you following #NYUdebate? hopefully... Ron Shiffman's got good stuff to say! (and stay tuned for more from him at NVP!)"
"So do you just spam that in hopes someone will realize that you didn't actually give them klout and give you +K anyways?"
"whenever a man wants me they have to want me for me not because of what i look like"
"I'll help!"
"we should put our cellphone up at 7 40 to see where we each are. Lol"
"Thanks for following! Make sure you sign up at nyfocusgroups.com"
"agreed, but we don't have the resources for it this year. Maybe next."
"Does Craig Sager really have a bracket tie?"
"Is going to Mount Sinai today too see my bitches!!! <3 love you whores <3 <3 MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!!!! <3"
"because she wasn't a regular cast mate that's why and she only made guest appearances"
"I'm lazy as Shit LOL don't feel like getting dressed can u help"
"Word Nikki. Rob is a cool interview."
"**ARTIST** get at me #ASAP Hittmenn DJs 2012 OFFICIAL WEBSITE \"LAUNCH\" PARTY PACKAGE ATLANTA, GA. MAY 9th & 10th, 2012"
"this is signing off for :)"
"I never paid attention to the lyrics until when u just said that ur right ok wayne is gross and he's so ugly too"
"MLK Long Beach: Memories of business owners on MLK watching their business go up in flames 20 years ago during the LA Riots...."
"good hearing from you! Are you on FB? I'm teaching an Am Indian lit class in the fall and I have a FB group for the class."
"I Didnt Want To and I Had Did My Friend Hair and I Had Left With My Cousin"
"is he gonna follow me? #kindaconfusedhopeitworks!"
"GOD is a selfish GOD he will not let any man take credit for his works. It will be done in such a miraculous way it will be nothing but GOD."
"Trey Songz has been dope AF lately"
"event planning company names"
"I’ve still got a long way to go but I’m determined to pursue this since I need to reach out to French clients"
"Lot happening today. World History Tournament of Champions."
"following...can you please tweet something fascinating?"
"Yes! I'll DM details to you. :-)"
"Just hanging out with my family enjoying this day of rest... God is good!!!"
"i wish you saw what i saw..maybe then you'd finally understand /:"
"Someday ill be livin in a big ol city and all youre ever gonna be is mean :)"
"Its stupid Algebra question like this->If Q is equivalent to A what does it equal to? That make me wonder to much about the world -____-"
"My brothers in jail and can't make it to the bonfire tonight. :("
"Thank you to all the fab moms and dads who enjoyed and #thebigmeal yesterday, for supporting childcare at the theatre!"
"Confession #3 I have really bad trust issues. am i crazy? no i just show no mercy when my suspicions are high!"
"Looks yummy!"
"I KNOW. I have to go see NYD and BC13 and Deuce and BOTDF again soon. i have post-concert depression. /:"
"that's what I want ...."
"okay, haha thanks!"
"Checked out your site, definitely a cool idea. Hope to see more people using it in the future! N E chance for Windows phone app?"
"Also if anywhere possible, you vs. or you vs."
"Good bye 20's bring on the 30's!"
"Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there."
"I bet Alex, Robert, Zach, and Tyler miss him alot"
"Gotta love the parity in the NHL. You can have a losing record and still make the run at the cup. You would never see this in the NBA."
"i Followed:)"
"Hell I see you"
"They shorted us a few pieces on a $200 to-go order and, while they suggested we \"remind them next time,\" I've never been back."
"Sorry buddy -- no reservations for lunch right now."
"Beards are the new Clark Gable mustache. Fact."
"I need more friends.."
"definitely an explosive player! Great kid too"
"Avoid sugar shock: Have a fatty snack (ex. nuts, chesse) 10-30mins before your meals to slow sugar & remain fuller longer."
"gives so much and asks for nothing in return except for respect and support"
"Thank you so much for everything today!! LOVED it and all the food :) AWESOME party planner!!! See you tomorrow!"
"Only limited amount of sample kits still available! Stop by booth 35 TODAY (early) & get one!!"
"Here I am writing a report but feeling End-of-Fridayish when my friends invite me to the intriguingly named 'Goosetown Tavern' ... (log out)"
"I'm not afraid to speak my mind."
"yeah that house that people took prom picture at"
"I deserve what I seek. I am the King's kid."
"Thanks for making our first March Madness Sale a success! Now get ready for our Third Annual Blow-Out! It's gonna be bigger than ever!"
"Not defending Vilma, but to find through Sportscenter... so wrong! smh"
"My iPhone just autocorrected some gibberish I wrote to \"meatloaf king.\" Lolz."
"I'm w/ the PTA ( & ) I'm looking to partner w/. Parents are REALLY into positive relationships w/ teachers!!"
"Special thank you to Mayor for attending today's Cherry Tree Planting Ceremony!"
"#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Tue, May 15 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we..."
"Ball So Hard U has a late cram session tonight."
"Sup Long Beach!"
"Im about to fall asleep on they ahhhss!"
"lmfaooooo for a second i thought this was jonghyun....then i saw it was you lmao"
"RT : Kasten: \"Dodger pride .. It's a feeling that just doesn't exist at ordinary franchises.\""
"I think I will -hard to avoid spoilers"
"Everybody unfriends their mother-in-law on Facebook occasionally, right?"
"Just did an interview on YES FM. I want to know how radio people sound that good in the morning- it's impressive and I'm still waking up! :)"
"Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget to wear your green!"
"what did you say?"
"Can u please follow me bacckkkk!!! I love u!!!"
"are you ready for a good game?"
"OH MY GOSH. I MUST ENTER NOW OR I DIE"
"Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Beer Bistro - Pub (live updates)"
"Why is Wilco the best band ever...Tweety is a god above men when it comes to writing lyrics"
"RT I love and the Old Man. They. Make a great pair!! \": RT if you think the Old Man and Chumlee make a great team!\""
"haha i guess."
"Thanks :) we worked so good together !"
"hope someone got that speech on video, or at least a transcript"
"yup. gotta keep me in line, tho. cheers!"
"welcome! Leukemia hits close to home.... Family member passed due to it! Bone morrow wasn't option!"
"Passover is different from all other nights, because on Passover, everyone can feel Jewish."
"ohh snap haha but he cant do what i can ;)"
"I just want to watch Anderson Cooper. Is that too much to ask for? Lol."
"hmm and you are not talking to him anymore?"
"Off to shovel snow someplace for the temp service, after tossing and turning all night and getting two hours' sleep. This'll be a fun day..."
"Fabulous, will have to take a look tmrw."
"I'm gettin so much head its draining out my energy!!!!!!!!!!!!prez -IGS SNIFF"
"Lebron James also wins Best Receding Hairline / Best Abraham Lincoln Beard Portrayal"
"True dat, Hunter!"
"Quote of the night: \"I'm certainly no saint.\"- Chuck Moran"
"All in all, many people, in fact, many so-called intellectuals; & many Occupiers do not understand how our govt works"
"<3 you Matt Barker"
"RT : “If I’m grabbing the towel, it’s to wipe sweat from my face. Not to toss it in.” - (upcoming interview)"
"continues to refer to Twitter as \"the tool.\""
"oh word? Haha yeah, shit had me laughin and the rap was dope."
"Rapping GWB instead? // RT just confirmed that he does NOT have any rapping Obama vids as part of his talk."
"and I get it! wow...Seiler!"
"Congrats to , , , and Johanna Drucker on their ACH election!"
"Aint in the mood to talk to nobody"
"Class 1A: Detroit Lakes will make its first ever appearance at state. South St. Paul is making its 12th, searching for title No. 5."
"Yesterday I saw the \"Hunger\"...hm...I don't know...I need to think about it..."
"If I had a nickel for every time AT&T dropped a call, I could afford a Verizon bill."
"Wow. The Soup just played the clip of the #UT student that got hit by the bus."
"plz follow me i know u probably wont but"
"what the hell is this one!!?"
"I LOVE YOU TOO. <3"
"\"u r fashion roadkill\""
"I'm posting because told me to share my annoyance that the Ebisu Garden Palace closed before I could ever get to it."
"Gotta love madea!"
"My uncle used to tap us on the head as kids and say, \" And a Boing for you!\" We loved it."
"\"Snatch\" was just dropped in the office."
"have any meets at Pacific this year?"
"Guess what? Idgaf"
"#Santorum: We have five weeks until a big win here in"
"If you ain't got the fire retire. If you ain't the shit then quit. If you ain't on top then stop."
"the writing is on the wall"
"Funny how people are starting to tune out of 's f8 stream now that their CTO is out talking to geeky developers :D"
"#HowtomakeitinAmerica become a part of government, that way you can take advantage of everyone else's money"
"Nothing makes me feel better than when I'm at Southland !"
"Hanging with jazzy jaz tonight in h-wood!"
"EXPERT OPINIONS NEEDED desperately: How Sustainable is Nuclear Power for Rural Colorado? Please weigh in, NOW!"
"It's almost the weekend and we're ready to head up north to Red River to play and record some live tracks at The Lifthouse!"
"I'm at the right now. Super Secret Show y'all!!!! Only 4 people. So super dooper secret show!!"
"I know funny, and that was damned funny. nicely played."
"Come one, come all. Do not eat the alligator. The alligator is for tourists."
"Duff's Wings 3651 Sheridan Dr, Amherst, NY 14226 GOOD LUCK in BUFFALO!"
"the twit validation capcha maker doesn't work on my machine - just keeps spinning no image, U may want to check it."
"Thanks 4 the RT, so kind of you to support our work !"
"lol me too!"
"im on crutches and waited for you since 9a.m and your dad said hed take mt backstage to meet you. its killed me inside."
"thank you, updating now"
"In one week I'll be enjoying Atlantic Beach. Give me sun, sand, and a tan."
"fitting Kaka and Ronaldo both get blocked. What were those price tags again?"
"Best person to talk to would be Alison Jung….619-702-8275. Let her know you were directed to her via Twitter."
"when she said that u think she met her legs lol"
"pump your dad up to your college friends. I got a gift for you too. Miss & love you. Call you later."
"UPDATE 2-UBS loses bid to dismiss FHFA ... - Best Rate Mortgage"
"I was planning on being home for the 2nd half of #DCU - I'm going to have to fly down 7."
"Happy Birthday Dr. King!! May we move ever forward toward being judged by the content of our character."
"you know u gone have to slide me that picture you.got.on ya default"
"- oh good! Glad to know they'll last that long. Can't wait to unearth them!"
"Call and order a banner today...mention this status...and get 50% off! Free design! 615-255-3825"
"I always regret it afterwards! Ugh I ate to much!"
"so how old are you?"
"\"Shes mean\" \"Nobody likes her\" I didn't notice, We were friends, It's gone."
"it's almost like basic instinct but basic instinct is better. If ya haven't seen it get it watched xx"
"He can always tend bar at that 'Cheers' place RT Tough break for UK freshman walk-on Sam Malone, who tore his ACL"
"Walked into wing stop and lacrosse was on tv."
"i remeber having a conversation with you in 4th grade about this. u said u were going to be a cool mom and wear flared jeans."
"Hot-tempered people must pay the penalty. If you rescue them once, you will have to do it again. (Proverbs 19:19 NLT)"
"Outta control"
"that's your boo! Lol"
"New Belgium taping people's stories about fat tire tonight & nxt tue from 9-11 @ Goodfoot. Anyone who does has chance to win Fat Tire bike."
"What's with all these horse faced bitches?"
"Justin Bieber coming out with Mayweather"
"Smile, it's free."
"But honestly, it wasn't a fun game to watch. Suckage in HD is still suckage."
"Choose Life Hoodies will be restocked at Cafe Main in the coming week, keep checking our page if you're waiting."
"who you got for the NBA ??"
"It Got Real In Bayard"
"If the party really was that great, you probably wouldn't have taken the time to update your Facebook status on how great the party is."
"Also like the \"this is my director's cut\" comments, because Ridley Scott has *never* released a Director's Cut on DVD."
"Hubby bought a 2nd restaurant in Cleveland Park! Opening this summer"
"Still editing book - eyes beginning to cross"
"Up eating n watching kcmo on world's dumbest police chases"
"Grab you Ryan Adams tickets for his live show on 1-24-2012 at the Music Center At Strathmore Rockville, MD by calling us at: 888-493-0004"
"Great base running, White Sox."
"If someone in this world, Heat fan or not, thinks the officiating isn't Miami favorable, you are in need of desperate help. 1-800-LBJ-QUITS."
"let my love take you higher cause i still turn to you <3"
"So a British Britton? Innnnntersting."
"hate was so 2008 brah, for real, let's get up soon"
"haha i know right :P"
"Tried to.paint my room but now its time to sit and watch the"
"Just figured out that very large percentages of Pell recipients in my study have measurable depression-- eg upwards of 30+ % at many schools"
"Habby Birthday HAve A GRAND One :D <3"
"Happy to be home with my family instead of anywhere near a store for # Black Friday."
":Wow 4 real whats their deal...Never heard of that happening!"
"Bingo! RT Networking is a two-way street, and it’s in helping others that you’ll be helped."
"Happy New Year!"
"you make my day noelle lol(:"
"would also live to see the -- am doing the t&p dance all too soon!"
"I've touched Austin Carlile too! When I met him ;)"
"well idk bc my birthday is june 14 and my mom said she ia gonna get me and iphone and so idk I REALLY WANT TO GO"
"yes maybe stay there lol don't like it here"
"just seems like yesterday when you had 200,000 followers :O"
"Hey man, how's everything going?"
"something's about to happen.. idk what it is yet.. hm.."
"- good to see you here, too. Thanks for your inspiration, wildness, beauty! xoxo"
"Happy birthday to my favorite twins James and Evelyn!"
"Rt @#iranelection Everybody in South-Korea please wear green tomorrow at the football match against Iran. COPY THIS"
"6th period..is the most boringest. If thats even a word."
"no problem :)"
"I'll be on later<33"
"“I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father’s protection.” – Sigmund Freud"
"What a day at the office"
"I found the traffic finally. 12 miles from my destination."
"Pinarius~ As thou hast sown so shall thou reap."
"I kinda do too!"
"well your good looking but are a good dude so give him a follow people!!"
"Ole's story will run tonight at 550 and 950 on Fox7. Hope to see you both down the MMA road."
"Find great tournaments on the local, state, and national level at www.tournamentscoop.com"
"I never said she's not talented. But her music style is so bring and lame her lyrics are so self-pitying and morbid and to"
"thanks for all the ideas Mike!! :)"
"Wow. Very sad to hear of the passing of Carroll Shelby. Those who know of the Shelby Cobra, or are motorsports fans, all will miss him."
"Don't forget: FREE breakfast week starts Monday! Get the item of the day free with any purchase."
"and , what are the realistic chances that Rod Smith gets in the Pro Football HoF?"
"Look for a book heading your way soon, and a video game to follow shortly. Hope everyone had a great fourth of July weekend!!"
"It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquillity and occupation which give happiness. - Thomas Jefferson"
"follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 5"
"Guild Wars 2 Pre-Purchase Grants Beta, Early Access"
"Our first event is coming up early march! Who will be coming?"
"Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do\"...Steven Jobs"
"guess who i meet i month ago!"
"Looks like additional government approvals need to happen first. It should only affect future loans you take out. VOTE!"
"Great workout tonight! Next session Tuesday!"
"“: Michael Moe: what's your ROE? That's return on education? #eisummit”"
"You bet!"
"& #VoicesOfNewLife are going to be featured on the special airing of #Wrestlemania has the help bring out in style"
"you're all I've got"
"Today I had a science test and it took like all period. We had 15 minutes left and I didnt do 5 problems. I was like im tired nap time! lol"
"We've made a special request for nice weather while you're here... Safe travels!"
"I'm still mad that the Facebook app doesn't have that page where you can put people's profiles. Now it's so hard to creep on"
"Hello World! Did you take care of business today? .. Monday's are to be charged at-not dreaded..."
"\"it's an uncapped year\". Then next year comes, \"just kidding\""
"So much work to do before I leave next week, Redic!"
"Jus knocked out a 30 min meeting in 10 mins... Must effective/efficient meeting I've ever had..."
"hahaha i'm looking at college rankings (#procrastinating) and #wustl has the least economic diversity of any top 25 school - surprising? no."
"Timeline is so weird. Change is too hard. I think we're gonna give up this whole band thing."
"You might think it's a good idea to hairspray your eyebrows, I'm here to tell you it's not."
"of course. We both share the Marquette connection."
"Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a croissant w/ lettuce, tomato, provolone cheese & a cup of soup..$6.95 *Chili & Chowder 50 cents extra"
"Obama, Republicans Ransack Reagan’s Record, Come Up Empty"
"This morning, grabbing a coffee with at Bakery Square."
"Since the term \"midget\" is offensive, Our Hero suggested they be called \"half-Gassers.\" Sadly, \"little people\" gained more acceptance."
"A trusted name for 30 years, is backed by a world-class team of food technologists, dietitians, & scientists"
"“ LOVE YOU GREAT IDEA. SEE YOU IN CLASS”"
"I could complain lol. But really no need to~I'll email ya ;)"
"Partnership , & providing training that is: high consequence, high confidence, & high control."
"Playing with my new little baby kettlebell. Even the little ones can wear you out!"
"I'm outside!"
"❤lol. I'm giving you 2 weeks to recover your liver."
"Me too. We should go."
"Someone go shove some trans fat down Angelina Jolie's throat..."
"Ha! It's \"Pearl\" (White) with silver trim and tan leather seats for Vegas."
"Good stop by the D, holding atm to a field goal, cutting the Texas lead to 5."
"nobody does."
"Why is the market acting like it cant download more than one app at a time"
"most of don't think about our citizenship or what it means and rarely have substantive conversations about it"
"I hope we finish watching shrek in Mrs reyes' class tomorrow! Cuz I don't wanna do work >.<"
"Awesome photo, Awesome of you to follow."
"OK, I guess I should check my @ messages more often! Thanks! That's one of the rows back in the stacks."
"I'm at the executive lounge and im feeling the love they shoutn royal ink all over this bitch!!!"
"Batman is poised under any circumstance. Just like Batman, Bosh strikes us with amazement."
"RIP Maurice Sendak."
"I can see computers everywhere - except in the productivity statistics! ~ Robert Solow"
"We definitely eat it here in Ohio."
"Thanks for starting the chain of connections."
"when she talks its like \"nag nag whine. whine whine? WHINE OMG nag nag! NAG\""
"It's the final countdown!!!!"
"Lunch was supplied by chefs and co's from Italy, Japan, Wisconsin, Australia and so many more! Anyone hungry?"
"Thank you for the RT. I really appreciate it I don't know who wrote the review but it's a great one."
"I cant beleive i been n twitter since 2009 wow"
"Happy Sunday! :) Hope everyone is having a blessed & wonderful day! <3"
"Just remembered that Wings of Desire was remade with Nic Cage and Meg Ryan."
"Watching Aladdin was my favorite thing to do as a kid :)"
"Always give 100% at work this will develop into a habit when you eventually become an"
"long time no see!"
"Good morning brotha!"
"now thats real talk..him and his crew decided 2 \"blackout\" lol"
"first day of high school tom..whaaaaa! wish me good luck guys.!=) PEACE"
"Totally thrown off by the clientele of Lee's tonight. The 40-somethings are bawdy and unruly and the 20-somethings are chill and composed..."
"oh its nothing ;-)"
"Last sports tweet before Mavs/Heat: Canucks owner has church rally in his arena. everyone prays for Sedin's head."
"“: having a hard time deciding if it's brilliant or creepy” It's brilliantly creepy. And all 's idea."
"Nice evening and good conversations at Morgenthaler's annual Schmoozapalooza. Now the red-eye to NYC."
"yeah:-) ..but now u can root for the Stl Blues #StanelyCup1/4Finals"
"20 Best Marketing, Social Media Blogs www.forbes.com/2010/01/14/social-media-twitter-marketing-forbes-woman-entrepreneurs-best-blogs.html"
"Happy Birthday To Ayee"
"Great to connect on FB, too - done! We spotlight The Process on our FB, too - it really is an art! Thx guys :-)"
"it's called diptic! It's a sweet app :)"
"Is it a competition on who can Pee on the toilet seat the most? That is DISGUSTING."
"Has anyone seen Loiter Squad yet?"
"aah, FFT=Twin! But that's not $5. Only One is $5."
"now that the #superbowl is over I can get back to focusing on the more important tv events in my life: #bachelor tonight!"
"Oops I'm awake"
"that's a sick article. I want to try a scotch from each region!"
"haha i tell you !! , its happened to me"
"Great meeting this afternoon w/ to plan our #asu class.... Which by the way... I think will ROCK"
"#TwSIG Using for ambient office hours. (virtual). 60 inspiring examples of twitter in the classroom. Pop Quizzes on twitter count extra!"
"2 police cars at Dewitt & Hume and a third siren on the way - something's not right."
"Today we're shooting the photoshoot scene from episode 5 of Sherry's Kitchen. It's gonna be so much fun!"
"That rezoning 4 Norwood area...been approved yet? Might have a new shopping area behind Expo Center before long."
"Had so much fun at Charlie's and neves party!! Davila"
"The music world lost a legend last week in Dick Clark. What is your favorite #DickClark show?"
"Funny, that's exactly what I'm doing! It's all about the tricking factor (esp. on a Friday when I'm sick & unmotivated...)"
"Thank you to community members I spoke w/at Farmers Mrkt. No work being done this AM...City inspectors ensuring compliance on all permits."
"Show tonight!, Mi Tyme is performing tonight alongside Chicago Legends \"3Piece\" & more artists Live! Sponsored by H3 Entertainment !"
"-and he wanted a piece with where we put on our smart-hats and talk about the intersections."
"I officially abandoned this show after the delivery episode. I will put up with a lot from TV, but that? Awful."
"Everyone Trend Ariana Is Our Angel ♥ *Credits To *"
"Thank you #BlackOps2 for fuckin my life up. Now I gotta get back into the series. I was doing so good too smh"
"Thx for including the tweet--very cool paper.li!"
"Who knew that would harm everything so much."
"Rule 1: Get consent. Rule 2: Pace yourself. Rule 3: Stock up. RT : Condom distribution today 6:15-7pm on the corner of 17th & Fee!"
"I sent you my picture book query today. Thanks again for answering all my questions."
"Tonight was atrocious"
"love what you guys are doing. Let's work together!"
"I dont have the time to put everyone in their place please take a number and have a seat. THX :) #JDM *now calling number 27....NUMBER 27!*"
"> Thanks for the well wishes Matt! We were pretty well behaved on Friday. Saturday we lost our marbles. Good stuff. :)"
"my boyfriend is adorable."
"Dems should've backed her in 2008, but at least she got to add Sec of State to resume."
"glad you like it, mug. What's your cats name? He's a Real Fat Cat!"
"thank you."
"Whuddup wit u fam? I'm workin on dis party track want u to fukk wit me on it, lemme knw if u down"
"I love #evernote...trying to get more teachers in my building to sign up and start using."
"\"yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.\""
"whatcha up to?"
"On this Veteran's Day, take a sacred moment to remember the those who sacrifice their lives every moment to achieve peace and democracy."
"Stop in tonight for our happy hour with drink specials and half-off selected appetizers!"
"A syllogism is an argument in which, with certain things established, something else follows necessarily because of them #Aristotle Top.I.25"
"Smh at my grammatical errors...."
"Investing in Unloved Stocks Requires Vision, Patience"
"God blessed the broken road that led me straight to you <3"
"i thought beliebers were a family? now we're fighting? hm."
"followed back. Thanks for the follow!"
"Is in serious need of caffeine. here I come!"
"how humans did you bring out?"
"Thank you for your support of this great tradition!"
"RT: Follow for live coverage #HR910 - a bill that would allow unlimited amounts of carbon pollution in our air"
"Really can't wait for the weekend, 49ers may surprise people !"
"“: i want my blonde hair back .” SAME"
"CLIPPERS!!!! I HOPE THEY WIN THIS ONE!!!! i love to watch Blake Griffin play!!!!"
"hello, followers. my name is sam. what's yours?"
"BOYS:NEVER EVER HIT HER"
"I am! In News green Room! Come over!"
"#teamfollowback i FOLLOW ALL. check my followerS(:"
"Literally crying because of how scared i am of driving >,_,< that looks like a vampire, but it's supposed to be crying"
"Definitely beats my strawberry protein shake!"
"Gov. Kaine VA signed leg for \"choose Life\" license plates. How about \"a woman's right\" or \"choice?\" Let's do it."
"Quit sucking up"
"Have a great evening/afternoon/whatever it is where you are, folks!"
"#SavvyBrandingTip: People are not only buying your product or service, they are buying YOU. You are your BRAND!"
"I love you chica!!!! Erry things gunna be alright!!! 😘"
"Pointing out past GOP support is fine, but it’s not enough. Challenge them to put up or shut up."
"left handed more like best handed"
"Destroy what destroys you."
"the world is an infunce and ur apart of that and i thaank u for doing it bigger dann thse other wanna be wrap *****"
"How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes."
"I'm just gonna go to sleep now.."
"any decent Long Island festivals to play at in the summer?"
"#itAnnoysMeWhen When 14 and below kids think that they have lifes."
"#VoicesILove *** Gilbert Godfrey"
"What do you call distrust for talking heads of #Psychology? In principle you quacks murder men, women,children with your poison."
"absolutely! will stop by the school soon to say hello, and we're excited to see these future superstars at the fanfest in a few weeks!"
"don't sell dip. Not merican enough"
"Only thing that's gettinn me through this week is knowing I'll be seeing THE HUNGER GAMES Thursday at midnight with :)"
"Gabriel and Baker have retracted and/or denied saying it was for sure... Donovan has waffled again"
"I'll only need 7 more books after that, until I can spell out 'pachyderm.' (1/2)"
"I ordered a Raderberger Pilsner and my buddy say...\"I thought you said you weren't eating!\" LOL"
"you are quite attractive o.o :)"
"ha it's funny cause it was about you"
"we are currently seeking out partners to help sponsor our 2011 Induction Ceremony on October 15! Interested? Let us know!"
"richpublican Irrational idea; system runs on less public services. Solution: Tax the rich!"
"I miss Christina 😔"
"Of course! I feel smarter already! HAGF!"
"you bet, maggie! please let me know if there is anything I can do to help out once you get up and running."
"Something is really wrong with artest"
"got the beta last week... It's so great !!"
"I feel Like ill be using #sparknotes my entire life"
"yeah I was joking with ya, forgive me plz"
"well I think the only issue is tami for acting childish an Susie for feeling like she needs to report everything to tami"
"btw that picture you tweeted me it won't show on my ipod can you tweet me something else to post?"
"My life will never same,but trying to get my life as close to normal as possible."
"I think manufacturers should make it a point to make safety gear as inexpensive as possible. $500 for an avalanche beacon is crazy!"
"your new website is awesome (nice work ;)"
"#NP GZA ft Method man - Shadowboxing"
"Will be in Austin next wk for ~24 hours, long enough for a Torchy's taco // 1 yr ago, I had pleasure to meet & in Austin"
"ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 22"
"In talk by Dr. Knight, CEO of Scott & White: \"radical changes will be needed for health care reform to succeed & they will anger everyone.\""
"Thanks to all the contributors to NMAP's #ProudHeritage week #ProudAmerican Tomorrow's the last day of the hashtag campaign!"
"I’ll be at Art Vs. Craft Saturday with all sorts of cards, prints and other stuff, so if you happen to be in Milwaukee, stop by."
"you know U could scrape #stubhub for #PTBM tickets, void them & sell 2 fans. U state UR against resale @ profit. How many PTBM sold?"
"whaaaa??? I am always around"
"Awesome! Can't wait to have some 2010 this side of pond. The Piquentum Blanc 2009 developed so nicely in btl."
"They were the games I always went to when I was a kid"
"just landed in Billings. Beautiful scenery coming in. Bluffs, rivers, a dam."
"Can't go bck to sleep.. Ugg dislike bad dreams"
"Packing to leave PHX for 3 months! Bittersweet but exciting over here. (w/ )"
"It can be a pain at times, but I managed to get 3 monitors on an AMD GPU."
"#idedicatethiscupofhenny to !!! Let's get this paper!!!"
"Annual Membership meeting: Kudos to the past, big dreams for the future."
"come with me"
"Well, on the bright side, the REAL bullpen didn't get used. Pomerantz looked damn good."
"worldwide, in Louisville ky. It's Derby Day. Lol."
"I want new episodes of My Little Pony already. :("
"Describe your perfect date."
"it's just some of the tweets that I read on here haha."
"Parents also tell me she was last seen wearing brown pants with brown crocs that had a butterfly gem in them."
"Let's see how Tom Lawlor's entrance is this time."
"that's good advice. Core loyalty and ambassadorship is essential."
"hahaha this cody simpson fan is hilarious ah omg(;"
"Just finished cleaning my house since 4. Now its time to order some food, rent a movie, and relax with my dogs"
"BRB FREAKING OUT. :D :D :D"
"Desperado Gang is that Movement quote, period..."
"hi signed orioles"
"Time to get ready for work..."
"And nothing having to do w FL but pretty sure tears for fears is my fav band ever"
"Wait...what? Raelynn? Really, blake?"
"Yes! Lookin' good, sir!"
"Just casually met the guy who plays Peter Pan at Disneyworld when I was out walking the dog..."
"Worry is for the birds :)lol"
"Tell me somethin' good.."
"It's hard to give a fuck about school now"
"thanks for the tweet, Steve!"
"Coffee, Tea? Roasting secrets, concoctions and elixirs - all can be found at the Portland Convention Center this weekend."
"Forgetting to take off your make up & looking like a fucking raccoon the next morning. <<<<<"
"MF too old to be calling me private"
"Omg where do they get the people who try out for X factor"
"Tech N9ne- \"I'm A Mental Giant\" .. Song is the shit! Somebody should listen lol"
"Sunny days in November="
"hang in there cheering for u :)"
"Long day of work, work, work again, and then a work meting...trip to california please hurry"
"Open position for Senior Instructional Designer. Please email me if interested."
"it looks amazing. Hope your enjoying the bday celebrations!"
"I'm going to try to get regular vip tomorrow"
"Technically you didn't need to know Karate to be a Power Ranger, they also accepted gymnast, nerds, and hip-hop background dancers."
"Seems like the last day of the year makes you think about everything you do. =)"
"sometimes for whats right you need to hold back and attack at the right time not when other people think its right for them."
"final minute vs. cincy in the BE tourney... Amazing clutch shooting in the comeback. Even tho we still lost."
"#youcanttrust a big butt and a smile"
"fa sho DM you later next week appreciate it bro"
"Hope everyone is having a good weekend..."
"aw are you okay girl?!"
"Just as u find me 2 be dramatic because of the depth of my sea emotions I find u 2 be heartless because of the shallowness of yours - kiera"
"Visit us today from 10 am - 5 pm at Morninglory in Murrysville for a Mother’s Day shopping treat: 4542 William Penn Hwy in Murrysville..."
"o.O really? Me too."
"#iusedtothink that American Idol would be on top forever and that Chris Brown was cute. Awkward..."
"well lett me knoww which day you decide !"
"Pretty good! How about you??"
"Shoutsout n my other 5 followers"
"Got some needles in my face yesterday"
"haha! Good point! Hope you are well."
"Whaddduuuppp family! Come check us out while soakin up the sun! SW 9th and Alder downtown."
"#BeautyOfIslam is trending!! :D :D :D :D"
"Sorry just as before, your pet Bayless has caused me to change the channel. I tried... couldn't take it anymore."
"#FollowFriday, a trusted source of information."
"We couldn't agree more if u paid us in Euros"
"I knew someone would get it"
"Surname of the day: Evilsizor."
"Mom knows what I like before races. Before big meets in high school? PASTA. Before races now? PASTA. :) :)"
"obviously! Congratulations on a great season and graduating! Hope to keep in touch!"
"#deuces pick n save"
"would try and kill a mosquito in my room but only injure it so it still is flying somewhere in my room -.- hahaha"
"being in Philadelphia....I haven't said #NephsIke in years lol"
"Reading Delta Cost Projects' Trends in College Spending 1999-2009 for Friday's analyst discussion - getting & Econ of HE flashbacks!"
"Suggestions for #highered via : imagine faculty of future; student centered work beyond learning process; partnerships"
"hey girl I know a company who is looking for a female Dj for essence festival, are you free? If so I'll forward ur info"
"Afternoon meeting/beer!!!"
"Barack Obama \"In My First Term I Sang Al Green..In My Second Term I'm Singing Jeezy\""
"Take your lunch bunch to Check out the cool fish tank while you're there."
"...back to work and ready for lunch. Fuse Balance Plate with grilled sirloin please..oh and lot's of salad on the side!"
"Thank you for your kind words!"
"Brendan Crawford made it."
"Purple is as purple does. Yes, all our purple merchandise in the Bliss Boutique is still on sale today. Get yours while our colors last..."
"We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?"
"Would have to drive to Mississippi."
"Maple Grove Repub. Rep. Kurt Zellers calls budget proposal \"feeble & pathetic\" attempt to raise taxes & increase spending to balance budget."
"I want to have an intense battle with someone in scramble with friends. username: joshwesleep"
"“: this life is not for the weak hearted”"
"But thank GOODNESS, you will NOT be tweetless. :)"
"Getn the 4 day power pump n at the gym b4 I hit to the 90 degree desert...."
"I could use a house elf, extra day this weekend, someone else to share my chores with, or my research to do itself. Just one will do."
"gotta love being in college. too bad im also going broke :("
"Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world"
"lets be for real here...everyone knows I run the house"
"got nothing..."
"He was really good!!"
"die laugh! ;)"
"Any reports regarding Bounty Paper Towels signing on as a sponsor for a certain team in New Orleans has not been confirmed."
"Hope you had good meeting Jeff. Their \"Cost of Freedom App\" seems to be doing good."
"114 here in Vegas today, thank God it was a dry heat lol"
"Tune in to PTL today to meet Ellen DeGeneres' talent manager, Eric Gold, here to discuss Pittsburgh's emerging \"Hollywood\" movie scene!"
"Met Heather Sellers earlier this month & can't wait to read her book, You Don't Look Like Anyone I Know! How did I miss it?"
"Waiting for & to leave Nashville and come to Kentucky for some"
"PROMETHEUS is on the cover of the I just plucked from my mailbox. ZQUEEEEL!"
"How is everyone!!! Anyone open for photo shoots? just let me know! :) ill be happy to work with you!"
"Ok.Even though I'm going back to uni for web development, I have to admit a confusion up front. What on earth is #Instagram? I…"
"''being a dick isn't gonna make yours grow bigger.'' lmao"
"People will take advantage of you when they know your weakness!!"
"Come for the sticker, stay for the democracy. Don't forget to vote in #DC today!"
"It's Diet Coke time."
"Expecting a txt i wont get for days <<<"
"happy birthday!"
"#ProLoveMarchATL is not a protest. Pro-Love March is a rally to promote peace, love, and unity."
"LOL. SOUTH OF ATL. HOUR N A HALF AWAY FROM ATL..."
"Is that a joke? I will see you around 9:00."
"totally had a dream last night that i hooked up with channing tatum... i think my brain is on drugs."
"idk but he got a number"
"best party favor from last night- giant woopie cushion. Should I blame you or your dad??"
"Thank you... I enjoyed leading it -- and hopefully you're still remembering today!"
"feelin like having a dance party with me,myself,and i"
"needs more experience"
"the world is a song your heartbeats the rhythm your soul sings the melody"
"who me??"
"Fuck your self :)"
"I'm shocked!! Utterly surprised beyond anything! The horror!"
"You know you fly too often when the flight attendants start to remember your name!"
"Not being able to taste anything cause you're sick<<<<<"
"then their retarded for blowing u off ur beautiful"
"Sprained ankle.."
"eh money can be made at anytime."
"#FF everyone who follows me, it's an eclectic and wonderful group of folks"
"Hi Kendra! Its Toni from MarketMommies - This is my new blog (because I have soo much free time :"
"ahaa you want what ?"
"Guess its time to open up my eyes & put my guard up again .."
"So distracted by the awesomeness of the I let my daughter spill my beer!"
"We want to thank Food 4 Less for their support & generous dontaion to this years peace festival!!!"
"I wonder who will excel and who will bomb on tonights American Idol."
"Looks like the sun is finally coming out enjoy your weekend!!"
"- I am a Drita Fan too-just love her to pieces. She is the Realist!"
"Blasting up 1D up in the mornin hour! One Thing, What Makes You Beautiful, etc.."
"Hippie roommate has sharp pains in the ovarian area. Making a hospital run for 4th. Woot! Diagnosis ?"
"Hire Professional movers from All in a Box Moving and Storage to help you make everything as stress-free as possible."
"Lol is it a.contest. Lol 500 nearly brought Me down"
"Game of Thrones"
"#supportlocalmusic Live now with some good songs. New ones too. Stop by"
"Nice to see former KEYT Santa Barbara reporter Paul Vercammen getting some great exposure on CNN right now. He paid his dues in local news."
"You know, just waitin for new chapters of sparks fly..."
"What are your thoughts on the future of the film industry? Good or bad?"
"I vaguely remember the last time the #Pats traded up in a draft.. hope it works out better this time around"
"I like this idea you have of drinking coffee before runs. Looks like I'm making a pit stop at !"
"not sure if this is a serious question..."
"This ain’t no love song, I just felt like gettin’ my guitar on"
"Happy Easter!"
"Wait, don't tell me."
"Peace Bro. Pleasure following one of the nicest MC's"
"Tony Parker: \"I'm taking my talents to the hotel room, and going to play with Brent Barry's wife.\""
"holy fuck, i'm the most jealous person ever."
"Twitter showing that Nugget Nectar has landed in the Philly area at and Capones"
"Boss bought lunch holla!"
"Absolutely! Let's #design a new system! Teachers as nation builders--what kind of nation do we want to build?"
"RT Wow. has the best twitter picture of all time."
"Haha zambu? And yup I saw the tweet ;)"
"Maybe Grown Ups 2 will be good now that Taylor Lautner has been cast in it"
"You know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout? You can get the same feeling just by drinking for two days straight."
"or let it go and know the kind of friend you really are."
"Thanks! I know this will sound random but I remember the boy liking Aang, the main character from Avatar: The Last Airbender."
"Shrimp Alfredo THOR and wine...it's my Saturday night"
"Well said. :-) \": Why can't people just get along,why so much hate,if you don't like someone don't follow them!I'm not a hater."
"Dolly Parton. FTW."
"Getting sick - Js My Luck >=O !"
"What floors of have you never been on?"
"Hey, happy May Day!"
"Clarification is key. RT Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers"
"brianna got a sexyy personality n her talk just drive me crazii"
"? As anyone tried WEN by Chaz hair? Specifically African Amer females. Pls let me know the outcome. Thanks"
"damn who knew I could shine so bright, I want to feel this way everyday of my life<3"
"let's go do this"
"LA'ers go see ! He totally kicks ass!"
"I am only into my first edit and I am praying for humanity"
"Champions for Children sets Live Radio Show for April 28 - Palestine Herald Press"
"dude, you don't even know how much I hate it."
"Good Morning!"
"“: Im there man. Just lemme know where.”b"
"awesome game!"
"Ready to rock this week. Lots lined up, here we go."
"what you and that short nigga was up to?"
"haha really?!?! They seem so innocent!!! Never mind then! Haha"
"GOTTA GO FEED MY DOG."
"Today is the day for the \"Best in Show\" at the Orleans! Come out and support this great cause. I'll be performing at 1pm."
"Headed to bed with my love"
"\"I oughta come down there and kick you right in your c#%t!\" RT : your a filthy women!"
"We're featuring your \"Best Cult Movies\" to new #Springpad users today. Great collection!!"
"Thanks for the follow! Honored!"
"Kentucky is hands down the better team here"
"Live and let diet."
"This game is over cats got it in the bag"
"oh nice! too bad we didn't run into you guys."
"\"Let your mind dance with your body.\" -My tea bag."
"sleepy head"
"I Lovee Youu , and Even Though You Might Never Notice Me ,I'll Never Give Up! #Angel <333"
"CTFU I.can't"
"Anyone Have any Interesting Crowd Sourcing Projects Up At the Moment?"
"Many thanks to the c, g, and e crew on NOWK. They made it happen!"
"That was my little surprise !!"
"jew knowz it!"
"I can't help but eat spaghetti like an animal sorry 👐"
"RT Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything."
"Sean Covey visited w/BBBSEMO & 9 school pres./supts. to talk student leadership&culture. Great conversation. BBBSEMO is proud partner w/all!"
"I am looking for a Career opportunity. Any advice will be appreciate it. My personal info is located in linkedin. Thanks."
"How to keep a true perspective of one's importance? Have a dog who will worship you and a cat who will ignore you. via"
"Gambling is a way of buying hope on credit."
"Caller just labeled me the Newt Gingrich of local radio because I do.not sling mud. Hate the analogy"
"Seski excited to bring big feet to stomp in Lane County playground tomorrow!"
"Just tasted the 2003 Napa Zin we are pouring tonight in a word, AMAZING!"
"dude, they're gonna send the capitol police after me now. next time think"
"\"Which one's Amy? The pretty one?\" \"Rory, what's wrong?\""
"After school its shoveling time!"
"have two none working og one's tho"
"same here:/"
"#kids Omnimax Shows at Carnegie Science Center, Sat, May 12 11:00a: Watch a movie on the largest film frame in the motion picture..."
"That's a sign.....lol!! Frat you are next. “: just invite me to the wedding lol”"
"what did I (allegedly) do now?"
"Had a great experience playing w/ our good friends Nomadic @ Murphy's last night in Boone, NC. App State has a cool vibe for sure!"
"have you guys ever thought about declaring bankruptcy?"
"Happy birthday shoutout to the most sexiest guy I know ! He's a really cool dude! No regrets on following him!"
"lol alright imma send it to you hold up (:"
"yea I know, but I got so comfortable"
"your twisted new beginning to dan seals' 'really love 2 see u tonite'?"
"Photographs of your loved ones, your beloved pet, your truck, car or may be a Harley Bike.We will digitize them all for you."
"I use emojis a lot. Hah. Time for bed. "
"It's 3:03...I need to sleep"
"I dare you to lol"
"so like in my school.. we made clay mask of people and i made Harry and every1 is like WHO THE HELL IS HE? I HATE LIVING IN USA.. they dumb"
"- So, got shut-out by Suppan? Really?"
"Oops I had the a/c set to 68°. Freezing!"
"Bay area music >"
"I'd rather have you then be rich and have all the money in the world"
"Who's teams kicker kicks and recovers the ball?"
"So hungry right now...must...wait...30...more...minutes..."
"Nonviolence avoids not only external physical violence but internal violence of spirit: you refuse to hate. MLK, Jr."
"The only reason YOU get away w/ur dating advice is cause you are YOU. Never stick your tongue down a girl's throat that far! Lol."
"Just finished an invigorating Ashtanga class w/ Lisa J YMCA! Nothing like yoga to realign."
"Awesome listening to Stephen Miles, Vice Chairman of Heidrick & Struggles, share about career moves, mentors that matter and transitions."
"Don't forget to watch Monster Man on Syfy tonight!!!!"
"Playoffs w/o the Yankees or the Red Sox. It's like Christmas came early."
"Just saw a local politician advertising on Hulu. Caught me off guard. There is no escape from political rhetoric."
"Check out the latest blogs by and - recaps from #NYE and more! Always something new in #lifestyle #Ent't"
"bobby+valentine"
"That's cool. Good luck on that, maybe next year you can show."
"Did you see \"The Help?\" That was a mere 50 years ago. We have come a long way"
"Sorry to retweet often about the Facebook page. It is just easier to disseminate information and links via that page. Thanks so much!"
"I wish for a national championship this year. had all the right picks except for the last one"
"there you know just out work:("
"\"The Getaway\" another sold out screening at the Plaza Classic."
"The cake turned out awesome! Hopefully it tasted as good as it looked!"
"Cuz we tweet."
"Thnx for the follow Ryan! I think I've seen one of your videos. You're a hot guy :P"
"I cant wait to perform this record live"
"Your nipples look like the apples on a tree."
"They've got me so pissed that I even said no to Dunkin Donuts. That's saying something"
"I'd say midnight is as good a time as any to throw out everything I've written for this 10 am deadline and start over."
":D I luff you Ricky the blue berry<3 ps don't hurt me lol"
"December for shows! We're getting ready... are you?"
"Jim, can I get your email? Would like to ask your advice on a startup idea. Thanks. DM me, please."
"I always love the looks on people's faces with I mention Twitter usage or FB post %'s...like they saw a ghost."
"PA nights"
"www.YouTube.com/WaWantsBieber :)"
"i agree!"
"hell yeah its our time I'm gonna have a toast for u its all luv # TEAMTAURUS"
"Thanks for sharing."
"Have a fun & safe trip to Alabama! :)"
"Bento's a moron, plain and simple for me. Bringing Martins over Viana is ridiculous. Quaresma is plain old."
"Star Struck: Super excited to interview the stunning Christie Brinkley! What would you like to ask her, as she heads to town for Chicago?"
"#Pioneers escape with the 61-50 victory over the #Jaguars in the quarterfinal round of the SBC's. Recap to come soon."
"But i do not have kids so my opinion is not valid to nun other than myself"
"Texas/Okie early, VT/GT in the afternoon, Bama tonigh - great day of college fball"
"for #FLT tonight! Great set planned for the show and a ton of new jams for the post-party."
"I thought I was broke, now I know I am. --- Paying bills"
"Nick Young: The no-passin' assassin."
"the Michael episode was absolutely amazing!!! Definitely worth waiting for!!! :)"
"Forgot to tweet happy birthday to today (well yesterday) HAPPY BDAY TIMOS!!!"
"Loves the moment when my paster looks out the window before service, watching people coming, as if she is picking which one she wants..."
"u need a spot? I'll get karcher up there for ya!"
"San Diego city council votes to support next step in effort to expand San Diego's Convention Center. Expansion will create jobs in San Diego"
"I miss being a kid everything was so simple. And easy.."
"Life is filled with beauty. See it. Notice the bumble bee, the small baby, plus the smiling faces."
"Yes each state wants to protect turf RT : layers of regs hurt honest agents- doesnt stop crooked. missing something?"
"I like that song :)"
"Stop waiting for the next best thing. Stop waiting for the other shoe to drop. Be an active participant in your own life and happiness!"
"you're either thinking about me or you're an insomniac."
"Plyometrics one day and Snowboarding the next day.... OMG my body is T.D. !!!!"
"Brutal depictions prepare the beautiful image/ the perfect rule of the Prince and the world subdued and made innocent"
"which tim? Got two cuzins named tim. This ewing tim rite?"
"baby u got me u got me"
"that's all the things you do to me JACKASS ask she know."
"How many of you Hollywood actors/actresses believe in the existence of ET's, & how many of you beleive in reincarnation/past lives?"
"There will deff not be a third time!"
"Have u ever had so much weight on your shoulders have nigga like yo bro ever fucked u over......"
"it's not supposed to be funny"
"I like David Archuleta's version better"
"Definitely! What about Procter & Gamble (makers of Vicks VapoRub and NyQuil)? Any other products you always use when sick?"
"Friday?! Just when I'll be en route to Maine."
"do I know you?"
"Showers always make me sleepy."
"brilliant...it looked as though they were walking on stars....droolx10!"
"I feel ya! Inconvenient!"
"just spoke in favor of the at&t/t-mobile merger at the public utilities hearing... what do you think?"
"Merry Christmas!"
"Wishing You a Wonderful Holiday! And To a Happy, Healthy & Prosperous 2010!"
"3 assists and no turnovers for #Nuggets Ty Lawson in the 1st half."
"Ready or not, here I come"
"With taco bell"
"\"6. It will cost between $20M and $25M to leave the ACC -- we have no idea where that money would come from.\" - #FSU's President Eric Barron"
"does it count if I was already following ? Btw your tweets are great!"
"Seen in the apple store and at the lidz at the Beverly center today in LA. I love LA man."
"see? And you pre-judged."
"Tonight's Drink Special: The Totoro! Hypnotic, Hennessy & 7-Up over ice w/ fresh blueberries for only $7. It's nice & neighborly!"
"so why is it still in the Bible? And what do gay people have to be saved from? Themselves?"
"Congrats! Proud of you and the team! “: Jumped 13'2.5\", broke the sectional and the school record!! Plus our 4x1 won!!!”"
"How sick would and be for a 2013 class"
"ah yes, but i want to go to London soo badly! plus, my brother lives there xx"
"YESS!! Congrats! RT : I'm humbled 2B a part of such an impressive array of superstars n 's"
"Hahah well you should, it's only for the coolest =P"
"This is the lazer."
"If you can't change your fate, change your attitude. -Amy Tan"
"That feeling when you know that you have lost your best friend and you can't do anything about it.<<<<<<<<<<"
"i'm in a decent mood right now, let's hope it can last until i go to sleep."
"Follow the Teddy Bear"
"give me a call about NYE today"
"Its always the prettiest girls that are the most insecure."
"i know boo; we was jamming to it when you was driving that granny car! :) hahahaa"
"I imagine its difficult to write properly when you're hugging a keyboard and muttering \"I'm a good journalist...\" over, & o"
"Be sure to follow fall 2011 artists: ..."
"great job again JT ;)"
"I use to hate church,, But I guess now that I listen more , its kinda interesting hah"
"Oh yes! RT : Lavender Epsom salt bath......THE BEST!"
"Thanks Ruth. You Always make me chuckle and think! Have a great Saturday!"
"There's just something about Snoop Dogg's face that makes me super uncomfortable."
"Plans for tomorrow ."
"Don't try taping our practice or on behalf of Bronco nation, I'll jumpkick you in the chest."
"LIFE CULTURE TONIGHT.don't miss out. Its going to be crazy."
"Purple Rain dance party with and #babyaddie....mom and dad with their gin & tonics and addie with her cheerios....good times"
"1. Denial 2. Anger 3. Bargaining 4. Depression 5. Acceptance....... The 5 stages of buying gas in Europe & USA."
"snack..snack..snack..edit pics..edit pics...beer..beer..beer.. :)"
"? Not all girls r like that"
"\"Don't you doubt my seriousity.\" Seems like the right word to us."
"You hurt me but I still love you."
"I should probably tweet things besides where I check in on FourSquare."
"Creative writing sounds best"
"Schedule your next teeth cleaning at Studio B Smiles!"
"#Tomorrow - Come dance all night to sounds by DJ Frisko Eddy & all your favorite Latin DJs from the bay area! Doors at 9pm."
"Bruins win!!!! Leave it to Seguin! Ow ow! :D"
"We have tixs 4 sale. Stop in. RT : The #Ambition Tour Starring coming to Univ of #Cincinnati 10/19. Get #ambition early"
"Current studies shows that soldiers were taking nerve agent pills, extra DEET bug spray"
"Who would just love it 16 years from now chloe moretz as lara croft tomb raider remade even better she would be the perfect fit for it"
"I just told some stuff I thought I'll never tell to no one!!!"
"Omg this lady keeps singin you are not alone.....its driving me crazy"
"Rip Borders. :("
"We have a Groupon massage special coming out tomorrow!"
"Best line of this movie: \"If a man wants to see you, he'll find a way to see you\""
"Shout-out to our latest kickin' country music station follower, KISS Country!"
"Yes! We are actually right next to you guys. We requested it!"
"Visit the Hirshberg Traning Team booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE wristband!"
"I like people who're straight up with me and will be honest from the start, you got a better chance in me trusting you if you're like that."
"your pic is hot!!!"
"I used it a while, but it didn't recognize the (off-the-beaten track /cheap) hotels I booked & I usu. had to enter info by hand."
"haha what a coincidence"
"Family and loved ones no longer with us. #SomethingiMissTheMost \"Keep your chin up and keep on moving\"LCL. Gave us reason to make & create"
"Good mornin, on this day we become legendary"
"vs that's the move!"
"ppl tryna tip me but I don't think I can accept them. :/ im just turning them down."
"Coffee, laptop, desktop and a Joomla 2.5 project on my plate."
"Me too lolRT : Had fun with the hommie last night"
"Wow.... God your amazing!!!!"
"I am a fan of LOST, so I'm quite ok with unbelievable realness lol"
"Members of the and vote to approve merger #oneunion Hurray for HOLLYWOOD ! ! !"
"Tostada with strawberry soda >>"
"himself off...lol. Just wondering if mine was the only one that did that. Its hilarious :-)"
"Optimistic NC is having Romney beat Gingrich by a large margin too. Not sure why that makes me feel good."
"Lots ripped on the BEP's last year for sounding horrible live. People this year ripping on Madonna for faking it. Never good enough."
"Love me some awesome peeps"
"Smoke in my lungs and my eyes low>>>>"
"I'm trying to download your music"
"My dad is comparing my accent to Josie"
"NaLee2010.com a trilogy, a brand new fantasy, mermaids, dragons and a 16 year old boy mysterious and sexy chek it out!!!"
"Hey and I want to won tickets to"
"Cool now cops are at my crib ."
"Happy #RebeccaBlack day!!! It should be celebrated with $1 #drinks from"
"I am ONE !! lol"
"We used to be such good friends...then I find out you were a Kings fan, haha! You're whoopin our butts right now though."
"that's what I'm talkin boutRT : You Only Live Once That's The Motto Ninja YOLO !!! - Drizzy"
"Well said!RT : Anyone can be happy and bubbly when winning &amp; everyone kisses your ass but true character is shown in defeat."
"Oh good. Terrible karaoke rendition of Gotye from across the hall. Make it stop, please just make it stop."
"tru we there ya ya birthday girl"
"love ya 2"
"THE LAST JERSEY SHORE TONITE @ 10"
"If my memory serves me correctly it is 's 25th bday today! Happy birthday to my brother from another mother! Miss you :)"
"it froze"
"Perfume… stop it."
"Matt Smith is good too, but Tennant is still the favorite."
"Thank you again, #clinteastwood, you rock and your commercial was awesome. BTW, Obama is an idiot."
"Gorgeous! Try Buffalo Joe's for wings while in Evanston."
"Why was the piano invented? So the musician would have a place to put his beer."
"girl you better follow me...lls and call me asap"
"When was the last time you gave someone a compliment?"
"Its so dark!"
"is it ever cool for anyone lol"
"Honestly just showing how fake you really are."
"Milk and cookies before bed! Yum :)"
"I didn't have any luck with Planned Parenthood. I'll keep this on my radar and will look for other volunteer opportunities."
"You're going to have so much fun! RT : Yes from July onward RT Well you'll be in nyc right?"
"Guess that was in a fairytale"
"Aloha! The conference is going well. I hope I have time soon to explore and tour the island."
"Just found my old book of CDs. Nostalgia central. Flipping thru the pages. Murphy Lee's album is next to the Beatles 1 album. Don't judge."
"then stop hating him and you'll get better! ;P"
"Googling #RooneyMara too early in the am. Maybe it's time to read the 'Girl w/the Dragon Tattoo'... #thingsidoat8:47am"
"LOL!!! that was it!"
"My Quote of the Day - \"Why live an ordinary life, when you can live an extraordinary one.\", Tony Robbins"
"Just got home from school :)"
"We're having a private new car showing Thursday 6-9pm. Catered, live music, sweet cars! Would you like to come?"
"Good morning to you!"
"you can if it's just a syrup after all. # mediatryers"
"People in pink cars: You bug me."
"Looking at the blue sky."
"The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it. Batt, Al"
"Thanks, dudes!"
"#fuckedup its better that way now-days"
"Getting Ready for the CASCA show next week!!!"
"Heading to the Cape so I can be Boston bound. Does that make sense?"
"im gonna get off twitter and go on ....y8.com"
"you know it! Behave yourself this weekend!"
"It's Paul George's fault, really. Shouldn't be having two first names. Whitlock gets a pass..."
"Did anyone see Joel olsteen in the crowd on the voice?"
"RT RT“ If you got someone good, Why do them wrong?..”"
"Where the beat is sweet & the jive is live."
"glad to know you are interested....stay in touch i will be sending you a DM very soon"
"@ movies seeing this SciFi flick set in the future called. \"lockout\" should be a good time, I'm also very very Medicated"
"then you have every right to call him a wanker, no?"
"weather in Chile is beautiful"
"hmm that must be fun. do you watch canadian idol?"
"Debbie Travis: Make your entrance a grand affair - yourhome.ca"
"can't wait to watch it"
"we need to accept that print books are dead. Accept it and move on"
"the voting was rigged obvi"
"we all live this crazy life which is like spinning all of them plates!"
"#inspiration. Winston Churchill said, \"We make a living from what we get. We make a life from what we give."
"RT“: Oh, you bought a Kony2012 kit? Go you! Ya big social activist.”"
"CALIXTRO is Michael Calixtro a freelance graphic designer for print and web. www.michaelcalixtro.com"
"#BachelorMonday with the lovely"
"already bro that's what I wanna hear get it in"
"cant wait for them!!!!"
"NEVER LISTEN TO SOMEONE WITH DIRTY FINGERNAILS!!!!"
"lol, get on it then! I'll help if needs be. XD no spoilers though. :P"
"Rihanna has trimmed down. Lookin' great!"
"South American soccer players in the EPL = Borat in the Deep South"
"Hey Man, I hope all is great! I'd like to hear your set. Are you spinning in LA this weekend?"
"Gimme 1 of the 5 you get “: 'Frank Lloyd Wright Designs,' a beautiful book of FLW's color sketches, would make for a great Xmas"
"It literally took all night and a good part of this morning, but I booked a small profit."
". \"bat their lashes\" - you ARE good at the visuals in writing... still seeing u in front of the record player as a kid!"
"my whole family is just one big ball of clumsyness ._."
"Thanks man good luck at SEMO"
"your welcome!"
"RT : Can't find the remote and it's stuck on Cops. Sonofabitch."
"Why don't musicals get made anymore?! I want a legit answer"
"I'm now addicted to all the auction/storage/hoarding tv shows - just add them to the list."
"My Libra scales are weighing in/ And I jus got the verdict..."
"you don't."
"Music = 90%business + 10%show. Agree or disagree. Holla"
"\"Like\" this post if your are browsing Facebook on a PC right now!"
"Finally got got home 2 nite very tired because of leaving without me yesterday maybe next Sunday?"
"Great day at apc...besides the fact that I was looked down upon !!!!!!!!!"
"#1001CubanWaysToDie Not knowing your north to south when in a Banana Boat trying to make it to Miami"
"Romney was a bit of a bully. Obama was a dog eating coke head."
"oh and how did the buckeyes do today??"
"ha! Me too! It helps me so much to hold myself accountable when I put my \"quiet-time thoughts\" out there for the world!"
"Memorizing, memorizing. Seems like that's all I do these days. :D hooray!"
"the sunset reminded me that the world is a wonderful place bigger than the madness of the day my eyes close and I dream of joy"
"My college friends make me sick! They're out for summer forever!!!"
"ily , imu , i luv you , love you < fuck that, if you mean it , say it RIGHT."
"Oh my god I'm tired...."
"Thanks bro. I'm just gonna take it easy today & see how I feel in the morning."
"Anyone else think they were doing We Will Rock You?"
"A mid-week meditation session is necessary to help with concentration and clarity. How do you take a moment to yourself?"
"What are your favorite board books? I’m going shopping for grandbaby today!"
"I feel like I can be a monumental asset to any company..."
"After that I thought initially I'd been vandalized! And I kind of was...in a way. lol"
"There is a bird making the most beautiful morning chirps next to me outside this sunrise. I wish I had a bird chirp app to identify it"
"Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain. -Marcus Aurelius"
"TriP Todaay , Heading To The CiTY"
"I have a lot to say about the alcohol one. Actually, more about people bitching and never doing. Back up yo' shit-that's all I ask :)"
"do you love heidi or something?"
"Chase Budinger crushed the first round of the #spriteslam but I bet he does not win because this is just a pop contest now"
"#ff are you counting down the final days till u can shop again. :-)"
"aye follow us?"
"DJ El Toro () on right now...listen up, people!"
"yo we are on section 103 row H. Squatting."
"For my yoke is easy to bear, and the burden I give you is light. Matthew 11:30,"
"In some countries, ivy means rich. In other countries the color blue signifies baby camels. Rich baby camel. Makes perfect sense."
"S/o to and for sitting on the curb with me till my car got jump started"
"the 6th webseries pilot event, like its 48hr film but the deadline is 1 week & the idea is the project can continue as a series"
"The refs have more rape charges from this game than Kobe Bryant at a ski resort in Colorado."
"Thanks for the RT, Joyce"
"Hungry & excited!"
"No. I was looking for one where you can make your own. But I LOVE this one for social skills #slpeeps Maybe I imagined it? LOL"
"Recording off of peachStreet"
"Hey, thanks for the porn star joke RT. I don't think anyone got it."
"I tell my frends to blame bc he got me obsessed with #SaySomethin !!!! 😊😊😊"
"If it was easy there would be no value to it"
"thx for the love Sarah; luv your profile pic- so pretty!"
"Elections tonight for my tenants association! Then it's moving forward on #Oceanavegreenspace. Just in time for Spring!"
"Does anybody have any video from the Release Show in Jacksonville? We need some and would love to see it!"
"Staying In My Right Mind . . . Blessed New Year!"
"Hahaha Skip Bayless is really too much!! \"two robins & a bunch of Alfreds are no match for the Pacers\" lmao"
"You're very welcome :D"
"haha chilling at a coffee shop downtown"
"I wish people would text me during school. I'm so bored!"
"Did you get them?!"
"#Gemini actors outnumber the others @ any awards show. Witty & charming they shine on the red carpet but over share in the acceptance speech"
"silverlake farmers market now till 2!!"
"couldn't make it to Chile 4 summer skiing, what else was left 4 me to do? %/%/%/ <- arial view of checkout line at Ski Swap."
"if you want anotha follower 1 follow me 2 i follow back"
"Lmao Idk I was sleeping and boom I wake up with my mattress on the floor lol"
"Mens Health Mag report 82% of people feel more connected to family after a trip. Is it time for a lil family bonding to curb holiday feuds??"
"my mom better let me take a day off this week :p"
"That's another problem. The offense has been on a milk carton all season."
"Crying my self to sleep tonight. I'm sorry you see me as such a bad person. Know I'm trying to be good enough."
"Thanks for the invite! :-)"
"i wonder if youd get high if you ate them? maybe she was taking a que from pot brownies and making pot rabbit stew?"
"Just got wedding invitation. So cute! Wish I could be there for such a special moment! It's times like these I hate living so far."
"Great win today Brewers! Great pitching by Wolf.... must've been the full moon... aaaahhhhh!!!!"
"MOS WANTED CREW ALL THE WAY DOE"
"Boy, you are every color."
"lmao, good idea!!"
"on the East side- considering beauty bar @ 1 am for Andrew WK"
"What ever happened to awkward"
"I told u not to steal those tortas!! Haha"
"Take money, to make money."
": LJ had that profile page, but was def secondary to txt content; by myspace, profile was central & blog secondary."
"I hope so. Drew is just an amazing person."
"Hi, i am your biggest fan. I wish i could be like u when you wake up you go on stage and start singing."
"#thought - Is the declining crime rate to blame for the lack of good gangsta rap?"
"Ha ... You are correct. Hadn't heard of that one."
"I don't think it's because of where I live, but because I don't do anything but get puked and peed on these days #newMom :)"
"Everyone can be Brandon"
"is busy looking for his next opportunity. Who's out there?"
"\"tiptoe through the tulips.\""
"Leaving in 3 weeks!! Any potential tour guides out there?"
"So true."
"And lost."
"did u get the track"
"built him up so much before he got his shot.not enough memorable moments involving him. he was here for a cupacoffee"
"Cool. What's up at the Brat House tonight?"
"Those who don't prepare for the violence of life leave themselves vulnerable and unaware."
"And I hate Missouri! But I just can't trust docs in my home state any more."
"“ RT if you are a mother”"
"follow me back :)"
"mid-winter cleaning/organizing. Getting rid of the old, making way for the new. (AKA making a huge mess of my apartment)"
"\"Respect those who find TIME for you in their busy schedule but really love those who NEVER see their schedule when you need them\""
"On a scale of 1 to 80 billion, how excited are you to get your braces off? :)"
"Gus Macker this year?"
"hakuna matata, it means don't worry"
"OMG I SHOULD START LIKE COUGHING LIKE A WEIRDO TOO AND YOU ALL LOUD BE LIKE BLESS YOU!!"
"u wanna know what i remember?! asking u to stop tweeting depressing shxt abt us! y i gotta wake up every fckn morning seeing shxt like that?"
"I first learned about flea markets when I was 7 years old. My 16 year friend brought me there. He was a midget and he sold chinese stars."
"$Z Had +/- 32M uniques in March, 13M working w/ agents? Doubtful. 19M Looking at Zestimates, crying due 2 underwater"
"Jeremy Lin is sleeping on his brother's couch? Amazing."
"what's your mp3 email address"
"' Random just crossed my mind tho!"
"really if a guy ever sang Lovebug- Jonas Brothers to me i'd die."
"nutting just got up y"
"Gah He's On To It ."
"very cool!"
"A part of me wonders who is babysitting Malia and Sasha, and if they're watching the #SOTU too."
"Can't believe I just slept 8 full hours. Wth?"
"I think you'll need to start that cheer with"
"Tomorrow at noon here in #Madison, #Wisconsin. #Solidarity March for #OccupyOakland and"
"Halsey Burgunds audio art incorporates contributions into the piece right away. 800 submissions-all A OK. Unwritten contract based on trust?"
"Yes, I think it is sincere. Her 15 minutes of fame is over, go away."
"it always feels good to have stuff done around the house.it feels clean and smells great.but if only i didn't have to do it all to get it RT"
"YOU! GET PEEPS TO FOLLOW US!!!"
"thank you :)"
"Growing up, my grandpa always called me \"you little shit\" curious now. maybe I had a problem"
"Liking the new look app for iPad"
"pretty good. TGIF! Wassa up with you :)"
"no hashtag installed yet to get tweets to #maang, but feature exists. We will talk to NSW folks re. implementing."
"did good on out science project wooh wooh !"
"just bein a guy"
"thankyou honestly were all born in america were fuckin american goddammit lmao"
"Ol skoo slow jams"
"I might not be"
"I love relationships that the couples arnt just eachothers lovers but r eachothers bestfriends u can talk about anything and etc"
"This might be the second-degree tea burns on my hand talking but I can't believe \"heretofore\" is a word!"
"cmgeluk: #sla2010 u can find the Collection Intell slides on the Sci-Tech Div website;plus MEB posts her slides at ..."
"i have. i paid good money (shhhh) for this day :)"
"I love my new make up brushes! :)"
"thank you for Roddick. Huge trip there at 8-1 :)"
"There's nothing left, I used to cry, Inspiration has run dry, That's what's going on, Nothing's fine, I'm Torn."
"Scott McG for gov. - nice guy, but certainly not a fresh, dynamic candidate. Ritter certainly did Scott no favor by dropping out."
"summer school"
"hehe i made a new twitter :3"
"Thanks to everyone who came out last night, and thanks to the no-shows for the leaving us bonus bourbon."
"Yes! Can we add you to our list of attendees then? Thanks so much! :)"
"Does Lisa Lampanelli think that her actions on #CelebApprentice are helping her image?! She's a total loose cannon."
"So tired. got home at like 2 ... But HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my amazing Mom ♥"
"Really girls? Back paddling now. U were all rude and evil."
"Brainy is sexy is brainy. RT : \"Brainy is the new sexy\" says #sherlockPBS promo; Brainy has ALWAYS been sexy in our house."
"it took about 3-4 months plus extreme diet.pretty much nothing but protein and water.if you work out I highly recommend it."
"#NP Hi-a Ma - Milk & Sugar Dub Remix"
"The writing staff over at the are a bunch of hapless fucks. I'm sure of it."
"RT : What's the pollution footprint during the build phase of building a passive house? < interesting question"
"Crying </3 I miss my dad soo much. Wish he could be here to see me grow up, I hope I've made him proud..."
"until you walk past a dog and your bikini becomes his dinner"
"Chappelle prom with my girl :)"
"Don't you feel like you want to give up, but a whisper in your mind tells you to try again!?"
"My dear, our world is hopelessly boring."
"Great question! Just asked the kids on that question - can't wait to hear/share their answers."
"Not a jealous man, but females lie"
"CARTEL LA FAMILIA, BE CAREFUL WHAT SIDE U CHOOSE..."
"I think it works...and covers about half of the people in Ireland."
"An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag."
"One Day :D"
"Thanks to all the people following my friends."
"I hate it when people talk too me when I'm trying too eat ! Can't a nigga enjoy his shit !?"
"said this before but ARodgers is the better singer who took over the band but was not as effortlessly awesome & cool as previous 1"
"thanks man! Where u from and do you need any filming check out"
"We're working hard to fix it for you! Thank you so much for the compliment. We think you're awesome too! ;)"
"“: Watching 03 Mules Highlight film... #glory ” one of my favorites. That was a great year!"
"I never thought I'd be hime, drinking a soda and doing school work on a Friday at 11 p.m."
"Too hipster to layer a v-neck with a regular t-shirt? Or just plain unfashion... ahh, f'ck, it's Seattle."
"is that where the 50 shades readership is? I know that's not \"traditional\" rom, but rom is many things"
"COME TO HOUSTON MOTHERFUCKER"
"SURE, WHATEVER YOU SAY ;D no no, I'm the same way xD haha"
"I see the weather is giving us hell again."
"I like the idea of doing a f/up phone interview, if you can't make a hire/hire decision based on the initial face-to-face"
"you were all hurt."
"living the blene high life"
"you gonna be there Friday and Saturday too? Like hanging out not playing?"
"Thanks to everybody who came out this weekend for New Year's Eve! We had a great time and hope you did too."
"RT : A Girl came up to me on campus and said \"I have a turbo kick crush on u!\" you KNOW that made my day."
"WORK HARD AND BE NICE IS THE PRICE"
"yep, shoved it in car glove area, guess that was enough to do it"
"Ugh just got super hungry"
"So, I'm researching Ohio only now... less complicated? Oh well... in touch with three other programs already... slight delay. :)"
"Definitely missing tonight, though. She'd have killed these themes."
"I hate the Heat , but I admit there fucking disgusting 👌 I got respect but I hope they get eliminated.."
"Strengthen your #sales force with Sr VP of Professional Services Chuck McGraw & VP of Training Stephen Roennau's methods..."
"Hi! look over here! gear me up to change our community hungry less 3>"
"Thank you so much JIll! \"Happy birthday to the lovely \""
"Weekend plan: finish new poetry video."
"I did my eyebrows today."
"switching to beer will commence at 5 pm"
"not sure about other trips. This has been 3500 miles so far, driving. Family issues, not so much for fun this time."
"Please post link to retrospective when it's up. I also love Eve Arnold. Sad to lose her and Eva Zeisel in past week or so."
"Today kinda sucked. #figures :/"
"Making these doc/dentist/dermatologist appointments...I'm confusing myself lol"
"Good morning friends... :)"
"and where are you going?"
"Remember at end of the day we all work for ourselves. You're the CEO of the You Corporation and should lay out career like a business plan"
"no problem homie! Thank you! Lol"
"Every major food company now has an organic division. There's more capital going into organic agriculture than ever before."
"I don't like Katy perry"
"Glad you found our snake ID site helpful!"
"Tonight at Whiskey Chicks join us for a great concert with Kylie Morgan starting at 8pm!"
"The code you write helps or damages your resume. The choice is up to you. Don't think people aren't watching."
"Thanks for the mention. Looking forward to the #BCwine daily. I hope all is well on beautiful Vancouver Island."
"Cub Swanson is callin you out on ! That would be an excellent fight! Cannot wait to root for"
"You rock, much appreciated for all the RT!"
"Truffle Parmesan Popcorn on the HH menu"
"Yes, Tuesdays is industry night! If u work in a restaurant or bar, bring in ur pay stub & it's half off! EVERYTHING!"
"#whitney Love and peace to Bobbi K"
"FOLLOwED HIM"
"Bicycling directions on Google maps, yes! Just what I was looking for!"
"12 games to go, 1 game at a time.. no one believes, but we believe!!! .."
"Stuck at the dream center...what to do???"
"Headed on an alligator tour right outside of New Orleans."
"Listening to Sunday night slow Jams is the best thing to relax or to just think of those good moment and the bad moments"
"Thank you!"
"nevermind found new schedule - no practice wed"
"Come party with us New Mexico Tonight Comcast CH27 9pm FATT TUESDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Hey , thanks for your #AAM2012 tweets! I've enjoyed living vicariously through you!"
"now i'm too excited to sleep. it's my birthday, not Christmas."
"Finally someone agrees with me on Rubber Soul!"
"hey lady! Working on it....how are you doing??"
"Alot of celebs are quiet about the #TrayvonMartin case....care more about march madness and other frivelous things"
"Congrats to #Reds Jay Bruce for winning NL Player of the Week. 4 homers in 4 straight? Yep that'll do"
"good luck :)"
"The #Hawks couldn't hit the wooden floor if they fell off the freakin bench."
"how I'd love your job at times like this."
"will do! Thx!"
"Gonna be a long week."
"It's going to be a hot one out there today. The heat index might possibly hit 120°F so make sure to stay hydrated and indoors if possible!"
"Treating myself :)"
"Rise & Grind."
"Even in a 140-character tweet, disclosure is still key."
"Can't get enough of the fresh cut grass smell."
"Maybe you are."
"getting ready for bed. early morning Cardiologist appointment"
"Ashley has my heart at the moment. #completelyhomo!"
"I have been watching all morning and 1 day I'm making the drive down to Elevation Church.Who is coming with me?"
"I know it's fight night & Cinco de Mayo, but that Super moon is awe-inspiring!"
"gotta say, most people said preso from of was most suprising/exciting at Google's #bigtent event"
"Hawks game. Great seats. Fabulous company."
"NEXT thursday, doll :)"
"was cut day the beach episode?"
"It feels good doesn't it? RT : It's \"Unsubscribe Monday\" - when I unsubscribe from all that spammy email cluttering my inbox."
"Going car shopping this weekend. Any suggestions?"
"Nice. I've only seen 20."
"well, i like you back!"
"Im wearing a hoody n sum Jeans n hopefully a hat to work....it will b perfect for my fuck work today mood"
"Ellie Mae Reports First Quarter 2012 Results"
"G.M.N.I.: Caught my niece saying, \"Come on, vamanos!\". Yes. She's watching Dora."
"Just got a puppy for my fiance's b-day, now trying to pick names... any ideas?"
"I just missed about a $400 exacta at the derby, but at least I got the win"
"yayyy! Congrats my love! Ur awesome!!"
"After 2 lessons and 4 hrs of practice, my arm feels ready to fall off, and it's only 1pm. Hm, what's left to work on...?"
"yeah i guess i heard wrong. Not that terrible of a thing, at least B1G should be strong and entertaining again"
"Ah... it's frustrating...."
"Should be good show even without this time around"
"Super fun day playing in FAO and Toys R Us!!!"
"Was thinking about the French Paradox today, and came to the conclusion that it would be more appropriate to call it the American Paradox."
"Im wrking on mobile app in art mus 4 gr6-12. I thought youve done something similar (w/teens)? Is there someone I can talk 2?"
"I just cut my finger with a knife... >.< it hurts.. Besides that it was a good day(: mostly..."
"not to crap on your dream or anything, but don't you feel like there's already a ton of symbolic/memorial HIV/AIDS stuff?"
"noo girl you kno better and F.Y.I. Don't forget that time I hit you and yo ass fell in the boxing ring."
"Today would have been Shirlock's 30th birthday. Glad we can head to #bourbonchase and run for him and everyone affected by leukemia."
"braced myself for the goodbye cos that's all I've ever known, then you took me by surprise and said i'll never leave you alone <3"
"$2358. That's how much it costs per student per year in juve"
"girl! You so craaaaayzaaay!"
"have you tried the \"don't blame the messenger\" gambit? You can also remind them tomorrow's Friday too. Sleds on Saturday!"
"A girl knows more about you than you think, especially if she likes you."
"Congrats Brenchel.... on being mediocre and annoying as hell!"
"« #Taurus never want much; they have all they need.»"
"Having a great time at Troutman Sanders' Associate Retreat learning about the business of law firms."
"Nothing reduces the odds against you like ignoring them. ~Robert Brault"
"Shouldn't you retweet that on your OTHER account?!"
"i dont know what im going to do without all my senior friends :'( ..... Which is 95% of my friends lol....im gonna be a loner."
"#DivaTweet :b : About to put on my eye mask and crash out!"
"perfect! “: Wait! i just got this!! I want to take a snowy pic with u!! lets take fun ones in denver tomorrow! #prsawdc”"
"I am so lazy. I need to get in the gym."
"working with a number of amazing #lawyers training and coaching them on #rainmaking tactics. Loving life!"
"Was gona retweet but I cant, thank you P.B.C"
"I've never seen someone so obsessed with Twitter;)"
"i'm not on the right page"
"In Durango...... its freezing but very pretty and green!"
"Just walked outside to blue skies and sunshine... All I need is temps above 50*! ;)"
"oh hah yea i wouldnt understand"
"Baby Marcus is getting a Bruins onesie from me if Boston wins tonight's game. (My first official cousaunt gift.)"
"Thank you Julie! We definitely enjoyed our run!"
"RT : just came on my Pandora Fall Out Boy station. I almost fell out of my chair."
"Just read your blog about what you learned! Great stuff! You will be missed! And thank you for supporting ! <3"
"On this pamphlet they handed out at testing it says results will be emailed in 7-10 business days."
"of course Im interested"
"NYC Mountbattens are volunteering at the Wallace Award Dinner tonight in support of the American Scottish Foundation."
"Everyone fuckin bugs me."
"Im gonna keep going till i get one ill never stop"
"#USAToday Headline: Three More out at Secret Service. How many #hoes were they tappin' in Colombia!?"
"'I work really hard & I’m physically fit/...When I rule the world maybe they’ll notice me/But until then I’ll just be lonely.' -TA lyrics"
"Nice trade! Hardy is young (27) w/pop (61 HRs last 3 yrs), while Span (1 of AL's best leadoff hitters) is everyday CF"
"So just announced advanced level modern classes with their company this summer. I think the Universe loves me today."
"look forward to talking #FantasyFootball with you this season!"
"Your welcome, glad you found a spot"
"Hahaha,did i ever tell you i know some malay words? My mum is a malay. Hahah. But i only know some."
"Instead of OT let's have a race between Jason Chimera and Carl Hagelin"
"i need a boy friend who is kind , acter on chat on skype,who snowbords,and a 12 year old. :)"
"Most of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."
"The ' kick-ass #recycling saves them $50,000 each year by cutting their waste hauls in half since 2007"
"I refuse to follow my girlfriend until she proves she can go 1 night without raging on twitter and proclaiming her drunk state"
"yeah ..that fits...sweet.."
"At first I thought you meant you weren't there...get it now...not on a team, organizing."
"Can't promise anything!"
"Shippin up to boston."
"too many guys expect girls to have fat asses yet not enough of them have big dicks."
"of course I will :)"
"july/august 2012 - we're tracking some this month"
"I still don't get how people from Colorado can't drive in snow. C'mon folks! It's a common thing in this state!"
"I must say it was a little startling to be on the swaying 12th floor of a building that normally doesn't move."
"this could be the biggest revenge Japan had in USA since Automobile industry landscape shift"
"well they already made the announcement that they are adding the books to their lending library so unfortunately it's not"
"God never makes mistakes, everything that happens is for a reason ."
"Why did Choo swing at the first pitch? Momentum killer. Bailed Santos out."
"Jello is doing a fun campaign to send you a jello or pudding based on your mood, cute! Who doesn't love free pudding?!"
"Thank you for playing like a rockstar today, & looking fwd to seeing SATYAGRAHA at the Met tonight w/!"
"Oops! The glitch on my wordpress homepage is now fixed."
"Niggaz nowadays scared to (wat they call in cali) catch that faded"
"RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you, Steve."
"Haha no way! Im used to hot weather but I HATE it. Lol"
"If Charlie Sheen were the father of Snooki's baby, TMZ would self-combust into an orgasmic inferno. Maybe next time."
"I'm drunk as fuck, but #nohomo has a huge dick!"
"They should of made hologram 2pac 20ft tall... Fuck it, bring on hologram Mighty Joe Young"
"“: So I'm locked out of my iPad... now what!” how does that even happen??"
"I was really hoping you were going to tell me that her cellulite was really bad or something great like that! Damn her perfection!"
"DESIGN A LOGO/TSHIRT FOR US AND WE MIGHT PAY YOU FOR IT"
"Just getting home"
"Come to ! We would love to have you!"
"cool. how long are you there for?"
"Happy New Year's Eve! Celebrate safely and we'll see you at Acme Hotdogs on Tuesday, January 10th!!!"
"Come in for a free cup of coffee...African coffee is presumed to increase your mental powers by at least 20%"
"you went into my classroom today in 4th period, and I wave Hi and you didn't see me ):"
"I hate it when people drop plans for a stupid reason."
"Thanks Love"
"wait...you're up here in NYC and didn't call... bo"
"Peace from Pittsburgh, hope all is well"
"Like #Packers pick Jerel Worthy. Thought he would go earlier. Good versatile hybrid DL for their 3-4. Cullen Jenkins replacement?"
"I'm rarely called \"weird\". I wonder if that's because I don't try hard enough?"
"Criticism is going semi-pro -- Mark Pinsky"
"Well, a bird flew into our home this a.m... had quite the adventure trying to get it out. EWWWW! Glad I wasn't there (sorry Ty)"
"#megamillions No love for me either!!"
"Your lemon is in portland?"
"still better than Sendek"
"Ny suck so bad"
"Happy St. Patrick's Day! How are you celebrating?"
"Add and subscribe to me on YouTube(: My name is :funkysydnerr98"
"collaboration: we talk about it, but we don't do it. it's complicated."
"yung rich is bout to start tattooing"
"I am home alone!! and I love it!!! haha"
"Seeing at the Improv tonight :)"
"Thanks for the RT, you sweet thing, you!!"
"Yesterday I was the loser mom that was an hour late from picking her kid up from practice."
"“: Hey, we won't be serving green beer...tomorrow...ever” // AMEN!"
"What do you look for in a sci fi or fantasy novel?"
"Friday the 13th! It's going to be a great one, lots to do and no time to hesitate on anything. Yowza Madre!"
"Special room rate for our Facebook Friends stay with us from Dec 6th to Dec 23rd at $75 a night! mention this ad!"
"Don't forget that we are closed for lunch today. We will reopen at 3pm for happy hour."
"But I'm so sleepy! Maybe I'll just sleep longer and dream about trains some more... z"
"ah i know!!! im so excited!!! thank you for my birthday gift & the beautiful card (; love you <3"
"Tweet us your questions for our video tip of the week, coming out tomorrow!"
"Taking in a great Friday show: \"Being #Shakespeare\" with Simon Callow ()"
"For \"importance\" I think you have to list the first movie in a series, because without it, none of the others would exist."
"Was Born To Dictate..."
"RT : The audience doesn't like reality musicals where even though it is true, the heroine dies"
"thanks. Standing outside now.groggy and annoyed. Yeah we get to transfer to a crowded train and be more late"
"I need my own scanner. Driving to San Marcos to scan film is just not cost-effective."
"was #SGU's last episode this Monday? Or are there more to come for the next few days ahead?"
"you're welcome. Hope to see you in Charlotte for the DNC."
"IS IT EASIER TO GIVE OR RECEIVE?????"
"My co-worker just said, \"I don't like barbecue.\""
"Gigs coming up- www.3sgiants.com, www.elbybrass.com! Don't believe I'll be able to play for Sun., I'll be in WV on Sat.! Go anyway, have fun"
"Discussing #JMS481 etiquette lesson with my mom. She has every item on the list! And now I know what a saucer is...looks like a plate to me."
"Whenever someone tries to talk to me about cars or guns I respond by saying, \"No, you're gay!\""
"Wrapping up from yokes! :) and just had a fantastic meal!!"
"#BetterWithNYC The city is where I roll and getting tickets for the Better W/ U Tour would be the greatest thing on earth"
"when you finna show me a whole new world on a magic carpet ride lil mah"
"goodmorning austin :) how are you?"
"only the Smiths? Not very inspired. I love the Smiths a LOT, but come on."
"Whats for Dinner Tonight? I hope it's healthy! We have a goal!"
"Now I can follow even more talks through twitter!"
"haha yup! Been raining all day, just stopped"
"I was a fat girl in my past life"
"Oh, the book? Glad you liked it. Such an important story."
"Thanks dude, I'll be curious to hear your thoughts, it's not hip-hop at all!"
"sexually frustrated as usual"
"OMG here you are xx"
"Overkill. Great Band. Have seen them several times."
"Great idea! Enjoy the new ski cable :)"
"People do not fuck with me now that im pregnant lol *shrugs*"
"Oh my!"
"yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH"
"Considering covering the SCF next month for Please,"
"Tweet, tweet, tweet...."
"Please consider getting Feel Good Foods (they make gluten free dumplings and now egg rolls) and I would love to have some!"
"Think Big, Start Small, Move Fast. -"
"yeah... only 6 months.."
"If you have a dog that chews up everything sacred to you, give the Starmark chewball toy a try."
"U.S. Institutional Plan Sponsors Had Positive Start to 2012, according to Northern Trust Universe Data"
"Except one problem.... My lazy ass don't wanna get up...."
"Thinking about planting in the garden...too soon for peas?"
"Have a great seminar. Want your impressions. Dana - El Cajon"
"and in one newscast? Good broadcast. I'd like to see this more often."
"Told you he was an ant!"
"Sounds like a plan! I really want to see Wedding Belles."
"Bored as hell"
"We had 3 Comedians @ Hard Rock yesterday. Johnny Rock, Chris Fontana & ill Will Real Talk. I busted 2 gutz. 1 of em is still hurting! lol"
"Its the scariest thing knowing that someone in my life time, that i know, will pass away."
"Side note: thanks for reminding me to deal with this jury duty summons."
"We are good. Just helping people save money on life insurance!"
"I know a good theater that few kids go to. I'd tell you where it was, but then that would change."
"Hello Ariana, how was your day so far? Hope it was as wonderful as you are. :3"
"The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it. - William Faulkner"
"#6 C-Sharp \"Rubberband\" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net"
"I swear I love w/ all my heart. Nigga's like a big brother to me, tbh. ♥"
"Also congrats. C&W is not a scary conference so don't worry."
"Glad to be listening to you today"
"and yall two can talk face to face so you can explain to him that you don't like comments like jail is amazing"
"I miss when all of my family would get together and have a good time"
"Jesus took Peter, James,&John and led them up a high mountain. His appearance changed from the inside out, right before their eyes.-Mark 9:2"
"Vegas for NYE. Can not go wrong..."
"In the office before 7. Suck."
"meet me halfway? :)"
"Why are some of you so angry at me? I love all people.....well....all people who are like me. That is not a high number."
"#GoTribe Well I hope the tribe can win tomorrow. Didn't even know half of the line up today. #GoTribe!!"
"video-taping conferences and conventions, products and services, and sales."
"Do I need my anything other than my drivers license to vote?"
"This game being fixed seems so much more plausible than someone being this bad at their jobs."
"The Coyotes have played extremely dirty! YET, the keep rising above it all and has been great at keeping their composure."
"Great commentary and analysis of the #SUNDAYMILLION by and"
"Definitely not the same"
"Ocean gang or drown lol"
"i would miss GOMEZ."
"my heart jus dropped to the floor.....i dnt kno wat to do:'("
"you're right. I'll do better next time. I did give you a few in your favor!"
"#TeamInsomniac Still no sleep needed. Still puttin this greatness together at the studio in Compton."
"ATTENTION LAMAR STUDENTS: stop putting stuff on twitter cus yall getting EVERYBODY in trouble.. No Videos, Pictures, or Plans. THEY WATCHING"
"ya i hear u talking don't kno who u tryina flatter"
"Thanks baby;) RT wow great hips x"
"Bruh, LOOK AT THIS THREAD LMAOOOOOOO ... shit will not end well!!!"
"Finished the ALS baseball! Trying to decide which stadium to paint, going to research the Angel's Stadium."
"The problem is : we try finding rationality in love . Love is crazy , its senseless .. we spend too much time trying to figure it out."
"is that Rich Uncle Pennybags on your profile picturen"
"You have been assimilated. Congrats"
"There are some grown ass men playing in the paint tonight"
"Wait Nicolette tweeted me..."
"we need something that aggregates the \"daily deals\" that are now out there... between groupon and local media i have at least 12!"
"\"Stop being so naive.\" -- What I wish I had said more often to adults when I was 6 years old."
"I hate this humidity!"
"facebook account was hacked again!!! Not sure if i sent anything out yet but beware of Jordans"
"We are looking for a Warehouse and Despatch person for our Newark based client on a permanent basis. Interested? Call 01636 701702."
"It appears everyone is affected by a tumultuous stock market including the super rich, like Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helu."
"Live here from my sister's college graduation. Already been asked where I'll be going to school next year"
"Thank you to everyone who has followed me and get me to 104 followers! Thank you . Thank you <3"
"I am so very flattered!"
"I know. Oh I noticed with some of your works but with manga in it :)"
"Movie recommendation is Ralph Fiennes in \"Strange Days\""
"Trying the desktop #Twitter app for my new mac. I like it so far."
"The new weekday is coming. May the coming New Day bring you joy, love and peace. #backtoschool deals are available in"
"Hate getting blamed for talking in class when I wasnt -.-"
"I was on State St from 1:30-4:00. I didn't know you'd be in the area."
"and from what I understand they are wildly successful. Trying to go see them Monday morning. !!!"
"wait , foreal ? And ooh . . the difference in time zone -_-"
"Follow us?"
"no Washington sucks. Hahaha"
"A good objective of #leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better."
"WELCOME TO THE HOTTEST LABEL IN PITTSBURGH! LET'S GET IT!"
"good luck with your race!"
"That made me sound like a dick lol"
"I hear ya bro"
"#FootballThoughts crap I just tripped on the kickoff...i hope nobody saw that..."
"said \"quickie Jackson,\" and she wasnt talking about me..."
"Thanks for following us, Jennifer!"
"yay! So excited!"
"Just discovered that Neil and The Queen are the same age."
"the speed you're moving through these, I'm guessing it's not the special/extended edition, right?"
"Still have a spot when I'm in town for next season? lol"
"I hope you draft Danny Trevathan OLB, he lead the SEC in tackles last year."
"Just got home really tired for some reason wish my girlfriend was here with me smhhhh"
"music+right ppl=connection"
"I'm with you. We longer have news. We have politically charged opinion and celebrity gossip. Nothing like a fat, dumb electorate."
"Odor, as well?"
"Your weird and I'm weird..wanna be friends?(:"
"THANX TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!!!!!! I'M NOW FOLLOWING U ALL BACK!!!!!!"
"Pan Fried Mediterranean Flounder with Shrimp"
"New office location for #NNRC member, Bienenstock Reporting & Video - in downtown #Detroit. New facilities, excellent service."
"#rangers score! Nice"
"I saw the movie today!"
"\"how the wives kicked out the men and built and enterprise\"."
"I'm a 21 year old Electro House DJ & Producer from Miami looking for management and record label single release signings."
"Officially had to upgrade our cell phone plan. I think I used up all my monthly minutes in a day for interviews after Obama's statements...."
"yea I have it"
"you might simply be the dumbest bitch ever"
"I haven't seen that many bricks since the era of Anthony Mason. That was a college score..."
"ah sweet! san diego..hense my name;)xx"
"if all your content is on that comp then you can synchronize again; if not, then you may have to call Apple for help!"
"its my birthday today :) i would be so happy if i got a happy birthday from you! ❤"
"man im tired... i think thats cuz i only got 5 hours of sleep lolz :/"
"Sorry Chip, that's #followfriday Forgot to add the OB. He is tops as the first 2 report #sportsnews -gets the scoop!"
"Here's my \"official\" permission to love people AND give them your brilliance"
"Sidebar: I love the evolving standard of beauty. On Tues.,a group of blk. teens 2 me \"lookin like the 1st Lady out here\""
"Omg I don't understand guys ugh"
"I think I'm pretty lucky. Especially since I put you on that cloud last night. I think it is deserved."
"haha spot on sir! Don't forget the optional cheap baseball cap and douchey sunglasses."
"i needs to get some man im going through withdraws"
"Don't forget to set those DVR's, buy that MLB package or fake a sickness if your at work today! Yankees game on at 3:05p"
"Early Saturday morning rising to finish my catalog photobook for emerging designer contest."
"Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers especially my mom your the best and I LOVE YOU"
"RT : It's National Arts Advocacy Day. Help make #Arts a trending topic and RT this message"
"Good job Zeller"
"wish me luck for my rounders match tommorow to make up for it aussy??♥"
"lol at Sauce Lab! New recipe??"
"New Years party tonight at the space. BYOB, fireworks watching from roof. A number to call will be left on the front door. All welcome."
"Is your campus hooked on Fox TV's Glee? What's the appeal? #USATODAY wants to know. Email"
"Real disappointed in you. I'll get over it though"
"hell yea bro nintendo64 then chill on the computer downloading illegal music off Napster :-)"
"OMG Princeton kissed Rocsi!!! It was funny though"
"#ifiwereasuperhero I'd want the power to read minds"
"lol I hope so sugar 😉"
"Midterm stress has arrived at the library. There is an air of exhaustion and frustration. That means spring break is almost here, right?"
"heck yes!! I'll totally need a homework break later! Today is BEA-utiful."
"GET.A.LIFE. Jkkkk(; I'm still upset from earlier! Hahahhaa (:"
"\"Last night was messed up\". What happened? I'm texting you."
"What part of the country is Funkytown in and is this a good time of year to go?"
"oh..haha ok:) wat tweet were u tryin to reply to?"
": Poop in the water supply causes 10% of the world's communicable diseases"
"RT : Todd Rundgren is playing at Old Chicago -- can't decide if I start the ugly cry or get excited for next season."
"Workin this 13-hour shift not getting off work until tomorrow morning @ 6:00am"
"Blood of a slave Heart of King👑"
"Looks like I've missed a lot being away from twitter and today!"
"sounds like you need more lady friends!"
"Cant find my astronomy homework :(( i probably wont be in first period tomorrow"
"It has been a day all about books and social media. Researching for my paper, setting up a book blog & pinterest, and more. Lots to come."
"There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats"
"hell yeah man"
"Art is either plagiarism or revolution. - Paul Gauguin"
"Drakul Vintage is offering 20% off all their purses, clothing, shoes and records with orange stickers on them. TODAY ONLY. 11am-7pm."
"Making an announcement today .... #whatcoulditbe?"
"loved the segment Penny Griffith had on NPR this morning, keep up the great work and if we can help is here!"
"thx for the follow :) check out my donation page & RT if you'd like. Have a great day!"
"The splendor of the King, Clothed in Majesty, Let all the earth rejoice, Let all the earth rejoice."
"haha justin on makes everything for hungry"
"I APPROVE :D"
"Prologue & Chapter one of my new story The Way I Loved You is in my favorites. Please read and RT! (: Thanks!"
"The weather is great!!! Come on out today for Cascade Sports Car Club racing followed up by late night drags!"
"I am quite unappeased by appeasement bars."
"#ihateitwhenimdrivingand someone pulls out in front me, then doesn't even go the speed limit."
"It had the potential to royally blow. It didn't. Not even a little bit."
"@ lee, and yet again he blogged singleness of purpose"
"#FF the fabulous in Virginia. Welcome to twitter!"
"At the air port.. Flight leaves at 5:10."
"That is all you need! We will have you on our list when you arrive."
"On this Veteran's Day take a sacred moment to remember the those who sacrifice their lives every moment to achieve peace and democracy."
"'There has to be a standard that makes that determination of marriage, and the Bible is that standard,' Baity says."
"The Geezer Gallery will be on display at the Schnitzer for all three JOSHUA BELL concerts. Thank you Oregon Symphony and hope to see everyo…"
"say hi to Brie ;-)"
"My band The Hot Club of Hulaville just won the Hawaii Academy of Recording Arts most prestigious Hano Hano Award for Jazz Album of the Year!"
"Reached Omaha getting ready to present with students @ the State School Board"
"rough morning here too! But it's ok."
"What's your favorite sex toy?"
"You mean like: \"Accounts and descriptions may not be distributed without the express written permission of Major League Baseball.\" ?"
"I felt like RT-ing some of :)"
"Finally got my iPhone back from my BF he told me I had to kiss him to get it back lol! I love him! So whtz up people?;)"
"Yeah, but if Geno goes to Philly i can pretty much gaurantee no one will call him a traitor"
"Happy Mother's Day to all the moms"
"sup twitter and ya boy to skype for live artist feed. skype id: jamalballard"
"in the financial district? We have the BEST whole wheat pizza- light & crispy! come by today"
"guy walks into an advertising agency... HA! Very clever"
"Dreaded words from #Mets owner Fred Wilpon: \"As long as I can, I plan to be the owner here.\" Let's..Go..CUBS!??? Can't endure this any more"
"Need to get back there for some Gongfu sessions!"
"O interesting. good to hear codys fired up"
"Me??? :D RT : And the Restaurant Week dinner for 2 winner is.."
"Dear Niners, go out there and take care of business today. I won't be able to watch you guys kick some NY a$$ but I trust you'll handle it."
"I cannot talk about it yet."
"RDJ's shoes are great. I would love a Mark Ruffalo \"Hulk\" movie... but preferably with Joss Whedon as Writer/Director :)"
"Anyone else need an exorbitant amount of coffee today? Probably not a good idea to play poker today...thanks Daylight Savings Time."
"Here's to growing up!"
";) A Volvo 240 wagon is its smaller cool Swedish cousin"
"what is the best way to buy used books ( different vendors ) Amazon on line but need to?"
"Great! Enjoying one's job and location makes for happy times :D"
"haha teenage guys crack me up"
"MediaPost: Study: People Outsmarting Higher Food Prices"
"With the predicted high wind Monday watch where you park. Portable basketball goals can tip over & tree limbs breaking off."
"Haha, it feels like that sometimes."
"\"True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.\" - Alfred North Whitehead"
"#shanghai nails ombré!!!"
"Yay! Looking forward to Thursday! RT : I have made sure that set aside a swag bag for you"
"ive been searching for that answer, i just hope i get it now !"
"I just got instagram tye other day and I definitely think I'm addicted lol"
"Clinic today at 4!"
"Switched at birth bout to come on"
"perfect is not when two people are together, it’s when you’re both opposite but in that way you complete each other."
"I'm putting my two weeks in after school is over. I need a new job!"
"it takes a hell of a man to handle that...congrats! Maxine was my g-ma's name whom I never knew and I will name my first girl max"
": Best practices for opt-in : don't buy lists, use active and double opt-in, be transparent."
"hey Dilan, I've faved so many of your tumblrs you post... sorry if you're overloaded with notifications."
"Might as well be me ... RT : My next future exboyfriend is probably going to come from twitter."
"Yay! Tweet with us!"
"are you going to watch raw today"
"Fuck it I'm going to Monk's"
"case just on TV mom convicted 20yrs 4 warning shot absolute absolute discrimination against women also!!! #Corrine Brown"
"Keep up tips! “: #PPC campaigns can help you identify key phrases that convert better before starting your SEO campaign. #SEOTIPS”"
"Only if it drives revenue, not cost some of the growing research and arts programs that they're developing."
"False alarms have a negative impact on your business. Update your security system, we have update options stating at $0 - 877-760-2143"
"my order is scheduled for delivery on monday. fingers crossed for an early arrival on friday- want them for the weekend!"
"you were the highlight of my week! Can't wait for your next NYC visit!"
"If you dont cry today you clearly dont have a soul"
"glad to hear it. That's why we do it! Unveiling some new products soon: gluten-free, and salmon scrapple. Thank you!"
"How are you doing, tiger?"
"I'm convinced smithwicks is an Italian beer. After I drank it, i tasted 'Italian' on my mouth for about an hour."
"thank you"
"Hoping weatherman are wrong about snow coming this afternoon."
"busy busy planning Homecoming 2011! Will you be there? October 21-23!"
"is class, gym, mix, class"
"Don't forget to enter the April Freebie Friday. It's a pair of Esme girl pajamas!! We just love them :)"
"I'm bout to put Roll Up Session on youtube. I fuck with that shit."
"Very smoky... perfect for a fall day (as will be the stout that awaits as a my reward for writing work today.)"
"today's good news/bad news: Final project due 2 days later than I thought... but tuition is going up next semester."
"You're the dog ;)"
"I Have A Lot Of Far Fetched Cracked Out Business Ideas. But I Really Think They'll Work Lmaoo"
"#GamerPickupLines do you play world of Warcraft because you made me say wow"
"Last week of real tv. Moving to Madrona and decided not to sign up for cable. Kind of bittersweet, but I'll save money and braincells."
"no problem :) x"
"Swoon. He is so adorable!"
"Doc Rivers on KG offensive call foul: \"I wasn't fond of it, at all.\""
"TGIF! Make this day count! Make someone smile today! Make TODAY your #PMAmasterpiece!!"
"Hi, email .au to enquire about dates etc."
"Thanks for the follow"
"yo you beach life"
"You are fooling on the radio...I'm dying"
"When does season 3 start?! :)"
"Admissions expert needed for paid session with client applying to MSc programs at Oxford and LSE. Email if interested!"
"Me too! RT : A8 Easter Island to see the heads."
"Oh good. I'm in that lose-hair-by-the-handful postpartum phase. Yuck."
"without a doubt. Enjoying some now?"
"Jo Jo Reyes SUCKS! Chris Jericho can pitch better than him."
"I'm gonna miss seeing the starbucks-drinking-fashionista-girl everyday before school. She wears the best outfits"
"Getting ready, about to jump in the shower. Family brunch today celebrating all the mom's in my family for mothers day. It's a tradition :)"
"#thevoice Ceelo Green is so metro I don't get it! The cat looks just like him! He should give it away!"
"GL! You are awesome! :)"
"Hey Break the backboard!! Can't wait to #SeePGfly!!!"
"thanks for the 411 but your mate on the les paul shreds i gotta get me some of that, Joy !"
"Power is the ability to walk away from what you desire to protect what you love. - Michael Bailey"
"Everyone don't forget to follow from now on, all other #DBHH accounts will be shutting down this week thank you!"
"Happy Monday! What's on your mind this week?"
"I'm pretty satisfied with my 100%. You go ahead and tell people you give 110%"
"finals week.... enough said."
"Why wait till Super Bowl Sunday to score that AWESOME TV, Check out Buddy's. LDC and Plasma TV's starting at $16.99/wk."
"Thanks for sharing your thoughts! I knew there would be strong opinions on both sides of the issue."
"Tra tra tra! Jammed good on my way to work 😁"
"Trying to decide what to read tonight for Shakespeare's birthday. Maybe some sonnets? Maybe Othello? Not feeling Hamlet today."
"Hey man! I got a twitter now, so that means you have to follow me! haha"
"Chris: TCART--occasionally there are postings sent out through listservs or newsletters, so get on them!"
"I agree with that."
"\"Accidentally\". Right..."
"#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed if you're John Lackey and you're cashing #RedSox paychecks."
"I liked my grandma until I lived with her."
"And the #Packers select ... Nick Perry DE from USC"
"oh jesus."
"hello, my screen shows that we are following you? Let me know if I need to delete and follow again. thanks for the message:-)"
"Loving your retweets from first generation college grads. Why I've been smiling to myself at my desk all morning. :)"
"thank you sir check out our music www.wesofreshrecords.com and follow &"
"4.15 for gas.. That's a joke"
"Those who procrastinate, masturbate."
"thinking if I can get Tilestream and geoserver installed, and can hit them with Leaflet.js, I will be happy....for now."
"Oh no!! Did you play hockey last night??"
"chocolate with a good cup of coffee is the best remedy:)"
"You don't look like that at all. (hug) I'm sorry things are so bad :("
"#GeorgetownLaw will be CLOSED on Monday, Oct. 10, in celebration of"
"Headache Nigga Stress...."
"RT : For those asking, has confirmed the death of Andrew #Breitbart from LA Coroner & other sources."
"I remember when I didn't have my permit"
"“: I c lightning.. ⚡☔ gonna be a rainy night :/” the sun will come out tomorrow(:"
"Wow my new high score on Temple Run is 1,095,684. Probably can't do that again."
"I'm actually seeing him in San Diego on May 6th. I'll be back in Cali for the whole summer!"
"I do not think Rush's apology is sincere! He should be taken off the air."
"what's up stranger"
"Planning school not school planning!"
"Taste & see that the Lord is GOOD!-Psalm 34:8 Starve your flesh of its desires and be filled with the goodness & faithfulness of God."
"last grad tweet. it's been an awesome day! congratulations on everything!"
"The 12 Bar Blues tune 'Kansas City' sung over and over."
"those are indeed good. How is life?"
"Hey! Just sending some love to our favorite ppl in SLC! Hit us up if you need anything!"
"Wow. Tru RT 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!"
"I love it when Seattle is actually warm like this"
"yeah. totally added joy to my morning. esp. Stephen Hawkings and Stalin."
"LET'S TWEET ABOUT OUR FEELINGS YOU FIRST THEN I'LL SAY JUST KIDDING"
"I try to teach my young daughter about giving back ... we go through the coffee drive through & pay for the person behind us!"
"can i please have a follow im a BIG FAN!! (: <3"
"WGN-TV news anchor Mark Suppelsa takes break for rehab"
"Thank you Hammer for the follow, I follow you on my personal account and always appreciate the pearls you drop. #don'tevachange"
"Very cool to see all our extended family get together in Georgia. Always fun, but glad and I are back in our own bed tonight!"
"I like listening to \"Take Me There\" By #TripLee c:"
"Perfect Sunday in Seattle?? /Belltown: 10am Spin + 11am Flow Yoga : 10am Beginner Yoga with Trudy"
"#FAINTS what day is it so I can take off work for it today!"
"yes :D"
"DJs, have you been to an awesome concert this break? Or, have you listened to a really good album!? You should write a review for our blog!!"
"Congrats to the winners of The Ultimate Shaving Kit giveaway! You're gonna love the product. LIQUID approved!"
"That bitch got coochie fleas lmao"
"Correct. RT : A court ruling in Boston stated that a sandwich 'must include at least 2 slices of bread.'"
"i don't know what that means, brother. but you know what i do know? the conservative government can't be trusted with money!"
"Our apologies to any one who got a DM from us that was spam. We got hacked! Changed the PW should solve the problem!"
"o.m.g. RT : Disgusting RT : We'll spend $7 billion on Halloween this year. And $300 million on pet costumes | ..."
"Glad my throat better tho. That Chloraseptic spray is what's up"
"I'm in love with your icon! 😍 haha"
"Score, thanks! #NYE #NOLA RT : Of course, we have NOLA's own Dr. John and an open bar!"
"are you cheering next year? Btw I lost your #"
"Summer needs to hurry up & get here already !"
"only 5 mins left on that thing"
"Baking in the sun ☀💜👙"
"I want a baby boy!"
"who doesn't love LA I love living here"
"Hi, I wrote that post/headline. It wasn't supposed to be link-baity at all. That was the ruling, and how other outlets reported it."
"The boyz are gonna be on shake it up!!!"
"LIKE IF you put things in a safe place and then forget where the safe place is"
"Katherine's back - and she has a job offer for Lynnette - in New York."
"Say 'beer can' with a British accent. I just taught u how 2 say \"bacon\" with a Jamaican accent. You're welcome!!"
"They have rich owners. They never said they didn't have money, they just never spend."
"Yeah, you seem in a bit of a rancor."
"#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Take No Prisoners! – How USA has treated POW’s"
"I still have not even started to get excited about Spiderman. Am I alone in this?"
"Great sound bites at World Business Forum in NYC; GEs Conaty Performance Culture = Rigor, Rhythm and Consistency"
"its penut butter jelly time ! penut butter jelly , penut butter jelly aha !"
"wish I was in chinatown dc eating"
"needs new friends ahaha"
"Did you have like, the trading cards?(:"
"Loves it when punters who talk during a gig are amazed when you ask them not to, and loves it even more when they want to hang out after!"
"M I love me some ButterScotch Pudding!"
"~*wild friday night on the internet*~"
"So tired of the rain"
"today was on deck, the #superfans missed ya buddy. Hope all is good with u."
"i dont enjoy watching science movies"
"There is a dude standing outside of Sidelines bar who looks like Tim Thomas :P"
"Anybody looking to buy a house in Florida? Now's the time! Let me know what you want and I'll find it."
"That is priceless. OMG."
"Hi, yes I just came from China and began master study at U of Illinois. The CS texts I read are mainly course required ones."
"lOl, okay then."
"I forgot: today is Friday the 13th in addition to being the Ides of April. I'm also paying my taxes. Yay?"
"Im watching Night Court, mostly cause in high"
"hey I love the title of the album, hope you're having a ball, be safe, see you soon..."
"would any of my attorney friends like to make a call or send a letter to an automobile warranty company for me?"
"I hope to."
"my district just hit 1000 voters! So awesome to see... I actually didn't mind waiting in line 2vote! That's never happened!"
"#wordoftheday Nestor (n) a wise old man. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm."
"Knock KnockWho's there !Bun !Bun who ?Bun-nies make lovely pets !"
"Thanks Jack. I'll make sure to share it with everyone!"
"Happy Founders Day to the First Black Sorority - Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 104 years and still going strong!"
"Im just going to go home and sleep."
"Lol I taught my 4 year old sister to rap 2 of Nicki Minaj's songs 😁"
"Stop gazing at what you are supposed to be glancing at. Pastor Moore"
"So you're saying I shouldn't bother doing laundry."
"We have 60 salons in the Charlotte area. 20 in Charlotte itself. Would be more than happy to recommend a location."
"The mobile eval by Intuition is a great idea for all sessions."
"Pets with long, floppy ears need regular ear cleaning. There's a great feel -good recipe for healthy ears at www.wholepetdiet.com"
"Cheesecake Factory!! #whattoorder ?!"
"Back to the grind!"
"fest.. All Access bands rock! :)"
"RT Don't skip the Wayne Gretzky hockey analogy as a long time Kings fan I want to hear it"
"#datanewoil all of our concepts about privacy are all based on shared PHYSICAL space - translation problem to online world"
"Dude, I know right!"
"Sorry to hear. You met him, just not traditionally. Maybe you knew a side of him that his real-life friends didn't."
"Almost time to head to the airport - should be in Vegas at about 5pm."
"Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. - Emerson"
"MT \"too often we have been lied to the world is paying\" YE"
"#TNT please come up with a solution. I don't want to watch another OT"
"RT Passing your D.A.R.E test was a big deal."
"Another great day awaits :). I'm exhausted from the awesome crowds yesterday at but I know today is going to be great!"
"RT : Man! Who you telling with them braids! No one with braids is consistently successful<< lmao,"
"any idea when it's coming?"
"We are at the C.O.V.E Forum @ McKinley Tech Amphitheater Room 2nd & T St., NE"
"If you need me, I will be at #millerpark!!! Go #Brewers !"
"Walk-through complete. Countdown to moving begins. Lots to do!"
"#royals got fucked! Dude missed home plate! That's okay though walk offs are more dramatic"
"This is too good to be true"
"hope to see you soon in new york"
"Another hour to kill in the library before I record the last recital of the year."
"I feel an instagram coming on!! Love when Cody gets dressed up!"
"lady gaga shouldn't have more followers than justin bieber."
"ATTN: all unsigned dancers,singers,rappers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED \"WE GOT WORK!\""
"Hell no. When Western people greet me like that, I want to slap them."
"Getting hooked in the arm< 😖"
"Hahahaha only and I can exchange \"hell yehs\" while driving down 55."
"Amazing - and unsettling - how quickly new technology changes our lives. And that curve is getting steeper and steeper..."
"Big ups to Leslie Mouton and for the shoutout this morning & the Komen support! Can't wait to host race with you again Sat.!"
"Whatcha doin in the #757???RT : I'll be in Norfolk in less than a hour, first person I'm asking about is lol"
"Welp. Made it 7.5 hours as the head systems librarian until I crashed the system."
"awww. How sweet!"
"Not even in a biopic about a British Prime Minister can we have a movie about a female that doesn't have a makeover montage."
"I think if I listened to the sigur ros song \"festival\" over and over for a year I would feel something different every time."
"I miss ya"
"TB Bucs view No. 31 pick RB Doug Martin as a \"very complete back\" who will be essential to HC's Greg Schiano's ball-control offense; RB1?"
"Team no sleep whey u b lol"
"Money cars hoes sleep hoes money money money sleep money money hoes and that's my schedule lol"
"RT : So much need in communities for healthy food donations! Organizations aren't able to keep up with the need!"
"You've got me walking down Memory Lane: B&H, Gem Spa, Fillmore East, Ratner's (\"With cake you want bread??\")."
"I deserve a donut after the day/night i've had.."
"That Hartnell pass should be featured by UPS in a Logistics commercial."
"Oh THEM! (PRO). I love them! This will be my 4th, so I'll see you guys out there, at the beginning anyway. Training up two noobies."
"Weighing seriously cleaning apartment (sorry, ) versus packing to go home versus getting ANY sleep tonight. familiar situation"
"World stocks rise as US manufacturing improves - BusinessWeek"
"Mobile Bay LPGA Classic Notebook: Sybase Match Play spots on line in third round (photo gallery)"
"Looks like I'm wearing jeans! It's cold outside!"
"And my arms need someone Someone to enfold To keep me warm when Mondays and Tuesdays grow cold"
"a fellow TM member just recently passed away anf if you can show some love for there fam"
"No unsubscribe, no 'you've been placed on this list.' Very unethical, & if I find out which agency is doing this, it's not going to be good."
"I've had those delicious cup cakes, and will again. I walk often quickly walk by your store, practicing discipline. LOL."
"Imma regret this n the morning!!"
"hi i just home :)"
"thanks bro"
"cuz y'all gotta wait lol"
"Perhaps it's proportional to amount of creativity and actual writing that they take."
"Sound like you might be a good fit? Learn more about and apply for a position via our Careers Page"
"RT : Q4 if people cannot find the assets, or the process/technology is too complex, youve failed. people wont adopt"
"Had a blast this weekendtoo bad it had to end so soon"
"This morn I see construction sites in rain."
"thanks I will be sure to check it out!"
"The Rangers Fan Zone is here for you. Join our site, talk about the Rangers, read the latest Ranger news & save the whales"
"discussing the fact that LOST was not new last night. bummer!"
"Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here is my number so call me maybe (:"
"calling all arts educators - let's do it big in 2012 for youth!...partnership, collaboration, etc."
"“: I heard a rumor that isn't drinking until after dinner. I really hope that's a lie.” no worries! I caught up!"
"Miss you, too! XO"
"Decent chance I have permanent hearing loss"
"T3AMAV3NG3R$ flee from the norm embracing individuality as being different and weird. #TAoverEVERYTHING!"
"i wish i couldcatch them out of S.D ~ have a great trip!"
"I just want her back, I know I'm a liar."
"Tryin to see eye to eye but it's like we both blind"
"I wanted to say more about writing fitting into the bigger ecosystem now & we need to be ready. Like you said, re-use is key."
"Wish that more women would opt not to wear a bra. The world would be a happier place."
"Watching the \"Titanic\" 3D trailer has been the best part of the #oscars so far. April 4, so there."
"I say \"boom\" a lot. Could be the comic book nerd in me. \"Ka-Ploooey\" has never worked though."
"Freedom to be the most creative you can possible be."
"they are"
"I see you've been watching HBO: Real Sex."
"$10 Target GiftCard w/ Purchase of $50 or More (Printable Coupon) via"
"hunger games...... #freemovie woo."
"there is too many 24 hour pizzerias in NY...you better order up!"
"playing the role of sweaty librarian today."
"Whatever happened to 's late night horoscope tweets though? Always a nice way of saying \"GO TO BED, YOU LONELY LOSER\""
"There's something almost godlike about watching your \"creations\" step out of your cab...."
"yea I understand I'm n memphis"
"Oh fo sho. You? RT I'll ponder. You going to tomorrow evening?"
"hey aleejah its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. =)"
"Yeah aye?!! hmmmphh fix it den!"
"#TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving = stuffing! And having my family around my table, of course!"
"I want to hate you, but we all know my love for you is too strong..."
"Has anyone heard of Lohanthony ?"
"love it"
"Dr going to retest in 6 mos- then poss. food challenge"
"Thanks for listing me on your RCASA Daily! <3"
"the dance was HOT."
"at least you like my statuses so thats a start kinda"
"#tanishagetsmarried I been there done that...that dating site shit fA the birds..that's blaming ur mistakes on sum1 else is f'n retarded!!"
"You can't yell at us for following instructions!!! Wait, can you? Uh oh."
"haha! See you on Sunday!"
"♥♥OMG Forrest Gump is on... I'M SO GONNA WATCH IT! I never seen it before lol♥♥"
"Yes, 4 times a week! Do you have lessons?"
"“ You NEVER have to chase what's yours. If you stay in YOUR lane, what's yours will chase YOU!”"
"Yeah, this may damage viewership. No one's going to watch all 3 hours and half the time will be spent recapping."
"Stupid book😡 😒😔😞😖😭 #ofmiceandmen #sobbing #poorlennie ... And the puppy:( ugh. But seriously. That was really sad :/"
"And then we even got to hang out at dinner! Yay! RT : Just ran into in the hotel lobby. how exciting is that!"
"miss you more <3"
"RT Just took the most intense power yoga class south beach. I am sweating head to toe! What an awesome workout!"
"Following thanks to"
"I love wikipedia and I'm not ashamed of it."
"I would like 2 announce that , is my new life coach & manager. He's only charging 2K mo. + 15% of gigs. That's good right?"
"Can someone please give us a shoutout? -Katie"
"I'm so happy for you!!! Congratulations!!!!!"
"lol good morning! I see you've been bored! We'll have to change that! I think ill keep this one for a while lol"
"Had a great time at Actorfest, interviewing Master Talent Teachers for Show !"
"Stanford AD Bowlsby named Big 12 commissioner"
"I just want you & that's all I need"
"did you get a new number mister cause I haven't gotten a call lol"
"I have trauma call tonight. Not nearly as much fun as OB or Family Medicine call."
"Hope you're having fun, have a great first leg!"
"Follow me pelase"
"You know you gotta leave the bar when you see the fat chicks dancing to the Enrique Iglesias song \"Tonight I'm Fucking You\""
"so funny! Omg poor boys !!"
"Call ne"
"Kings-Rangers. Only a matter of time now."
"the way you dress affects the way you feel and think. Girls with lower sexual value feel they need to flaunt sexuality."
"agreed. yes, still in E-WA."
"I had 48 things on my blog about the notes I got on my Alan/Trotta videos and I got no followers hahahaha."
"RT : In the middle of the dress rehearsal. Thrilled to hear James' Bach aria with orchestra!"
"I love when people hyperlink blank targets, it makes me not want to punch them in the face. #thankyou for making my life a little easier."
"I went to my first roller derby bout. Ever been? I strongly suggest it!"
"The whole thing makes me laugh. Every sentence is a joke."
"Wow! Thanks for that...we're glad you've enjoyed it and hope to see you again!"
"You can always split up the WFR by taking a WAFA and then a Bridge within three years. 4 days each, less expensive."
"If we have the right to give life, why shouldn't we have the right to take it?"
"Presents unwrapped, dinner eaten, nap out of the way. Onto dessert and heavy drinking!"
"You don't have to ask for permission to be awesome. True story."
"Give out (sow) what you want to receive (reap) :)"
"damn im hungry...think ill have some spongebob easy mac xD"
"Sorry for the wait Cece dropping soon..."
"ima think about it cause im tryna get in that pro am"
"re: roundtable, where is the office located?"
"OH: Prince Charles is Stannis Baratheon. No one wants him to be king."
"The cure for America's corruption begins with four simple words, \"Jesus, be my Savior.\""
"You mean KNOW it alls. :)"
"my fav song would have to be \"Don't Believe Everything You Think\" its an amazing song,"
"Eh, going to school."
"NFL Predictions: Dolphins @ Patriots; Dolphins +7.5 or Patriots -375"
"You either with me or against me!!!!!!!"
"People wear beats like necklace more than headphones"
"Did you ever make it to Chicago?"
"Have you hydrated enough today? I'm about to refill my water bottle, go get yours!"
"Off to work...T.G.I.F. Looking forward to the weekend"
"It would be nice to start planning for it.....am game as i enjoyed in Zambia"
"I signed up, got the app and had no clue how to connect my perk to the account. Shame too, looks like a cool app."
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. ~Wayne Gretzky"
"\"My angel, my all, my very self - Only a few words today and at that with pencil (with yours)...\" :)"
"Been a productive but Hectic day. How are you doing twatters?"
"I wanna go to the strip club.."
"Happy Mother's Day!!"
"Twin Peaks day!"
"im going to tweet Rob Dyrdek and tell him you need to be on there maybe if we start a trend he will make it happen"
"I won't be at boot camp in the morning but I promise I'll be there Tuesday!!!"
"Happy birthday , you handsome bastard."
"Congrats!!! \": Local iQ turns five! 1,855 days goes by really fast.\""
"UR SUCH A GUY"
"I never wanted a royal family in America before today... The wedding was amazing!! Fave part: TWO KISSES on the balcony!!! Heavy sigh"
"I don't think he was disputing that, just saying some \"footnotes\" are more relevant than others, no?"
"It's rarely too hot in SF...but today is starting 2 feel that way...to the beach!!"
"We have to look at one more tomorrow. If we don't like it, we're making an offer on that one you saw. :)"
"Any recommendations for veggie friendly food gems en route to Athens from Memphis?"
"hah i want a rabbit"
"YO SHOOT ME SOME BEATS FAM"
"Betty White for next years halftime show?"
"solution until #Chicago gets its sports act together become honorary #Wisconsin #cheesehead You like #cheese anyways"
"I do! This weekend?"
"Shaka Turkey Day!!!"
"oops, never mind. sign wrong in my eval function. That's better..."
"Yep! Need to do some thinking for next year. Brainstorming with my experts tomorrow."
"“ ispeak my mind if u dnt like it oh well”' Truth"
"re: #10twitterpeopleiwouldliketomeet... thx I am honored! I hope our paths cross some day."
"Why the fuck isn't my (neighbors) wifi working???"
"Starbucks new dark cherry mocha is delicioso!"
"Only today? It's 2012 and jeans are more expensive than slacks. Why not wear them everyday?"
"& \"If You Would\" is blowing up the charts! So many people buying the track!"
"now you're just somebody that I used to know.."
"finishing the last of my 25 NCA reviews! I've had to pace myself with so many to look at."
"New Exclusive Hip Hop Instrumental Available Send Your Music To lezalemusic"
"OMG he is making me so nervous i dont know when it will be but i know it will be tonight tomorrow or sunday he is going to propose to me"
"Clint Eastwood in a western on AMC. He should be happy in the film cause he doesn't have to tell anyone to get off his lawn..."
"What is a man who is handsome, intelligent and sensible, known as?... A rumor! -"
"Nothing more bleak than a casino floor at six AM on a Tuesday."
"I don't know how passport stamps work but I think I am about to get one!! :-)"
"Last time I looked at your Connor you had thousands of followers? :o"
"Enjoying the last of the Kilschandra Irish Red tonight. Good stuff."
"my white boy nick v. got out last night nice to see people stay the same"
"The day \"Eye of the Tiger\" no longer motivates you is the day you need to question your life."
"Music is the universal language of mankind."
"Hi Eli! Can I interview you? Working on master's Digital Journalism after 25 yrs/print. Current: Advanced non-fiction writing"
"i followed you, but you're not following me! x"
"Gonna be a great night then choir concert tonight:)"
"It always was a weird conflict of interest for a newspaper to own a sports team, so I'm glad NYT is out."
"Good Monday Morning! Time to rise and shine!"
"heading out for Cal's bday - hit us if you wanna swing out!"
"omg I'm becoming a hugger..."
"did some things you cant speak of but at night you live it all again </3"
"Only a few hours until we post the brand new #POPBOOMPOW video!"
"Not goin to paisley unless somebody has some tickets I can buy I guess my \"friend\" has other plans"
"Do well tonight!! I love you. (:"
"Enjoying life!"
"That was an embarrassing topic to tweet rather than search for. Looking for news on his Ryan flipflop."
"Even if you didn't like \"The Help\" gotta be happy to see Octavia Spencer win the SAG award."
"Follow Back?"
"Lady Antebellum are doing Lipton tea commercials now. I guess their career is over or something."
"Listeninn to Music.! !"
"can you let me know what your thoughts of the seminar are!! I'm thinking about going to the one in boston"
"its a hot apple cider kinda day, c'mon!"
"tell Christine I said happy mothers day:)"
"Not picking a fight. I love the book (fantastic narrative writing). But inclusive language would be nice."
"yea she works the stage"
"Grrr my Drupal buddy just alerted me to the fact that my new menu module does not display correctly mobilely (might as well be a word)."
"miss u <3"
"you really should get out more ;)"
"Very, VERY excited about the pressed base that I just got! It's superb. Thanks and !!!"
"Still don't understand how the #Clips pulled that one out... I don't even think #CP3 believed it at the end. Great game."
"you should probably mention that they rejected a 3-way even chop when you were shortest stack"
"Follow for latest news on #genomics and #mHealth research at the Scripps Translational Science Inst. -"
"Ewwww these girls are lame I wanna dance ."
"Drank + Flower: A winning combination"
"nope, im here until 9am"
"Not going; will be working away and did not request pass. Want to take some pics for us? :)"
"maybe we'll try counseling in the near future. Lol"
"Im at Century 14 - 5 minutes to"
"Do I get a pass seeing as I'm 6000 miles away and it will be 4 in the morning?! :)"
"Chain & The Gang were awesome last night. Stoked to have finally been able to witness Ian Svenonius in action."
"No, it's considered murder to me."
"Watching Romeo and Juliet in english... deff about to cry.. WHY LEONARDO DICAPRIO!!!! 💔"
"Just Woke Up! Welp Guess I'll Jump On Some 2k"
"It was really great to meet you! I'm so excited for all the #Virginia LOVE during Historic Garden Week."
"nah they have a good D and Hester Knox Marshall and Jeffery, with Forte and Bush? Holy cow they have weapons."
"Alright, where's my coffee maker with the IV attachment? #straighttomyvein #please I know knows what's up."
"Absolutely love #catchachevy at"
"Its Hump Day people... Who's getting humped today??😜"
"ohh and no the roomate msg has nothing to do w/ me.i've been living solo for long enough i enjoy it..but the friend would be a great roomie"
"Have fun guys, sorry I can't join you!"
"Thankx for the follow back beautiful... I appreciate it chica!!"
"Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat. -Jim Davis"
"lol! Get money!"
"A wise man learns by the mistakes of others, a fool by his own. Latin Proverb"
"please just marry me already."
"I love twitter but sometimes it just take so long to update shit :p"
"2012 finna b my year gonna b focused n on my grind. ATEAMEntxxx lol"
"- Itss OFFICIAL.........My Circle is Getnn Smaller. I Had too Eleminatee Some of thee SQUARES. Only Fcck W. Certain Amout Of People Now."
"no but I'm sure there are a few Winnipeggers willing to buy your tickets in cdn dollars to get the team back. Lol!"
"Really do NOT wanna be in class right now 😒"
"“When God measures a man, he puts a tape around his heart and not his head.” —Unknown"
"Well that was a eurhythmics fail...."
"Man, this in Towson Town Center really scrimps you on the meat on the sandwich. Shoulda ordered double meat."
"lol ok! It's weird, I saw your profile picture and you looked like her! Man this is weird"
"God I love gay bars so much. They're playing non stop Madonna. I will, however, never find a boyfriend here."
"RT Any truth to the rumor I’m starting that the Twitter bird is pregnant?"
"thinking about hitting some golf balls..."
"KISS ME, kiss me Infect me with your love and Fill me with your poison Take me, ta-ta-take me Wanna be a victim Ready for abduction"
"It is now 4:42 and im still not sleepy"
"RT - Jacksonville Jaguars and Cleveland Browns are tied at #23. Despite Clevelands 2 wins to Jacksonvilles' 1, the ..."
"Hard work can sometimes make up for the lack of talent."
"Welcome #AIMSPLP to Looking forward to sharing in your accomplishments and learning with you today!"
"Bring it! RT : LOL! Happy Monday we must talk! ...don't be scurrred! LOL"
"Country fans are the best cooks bar none! So I need some help. For Thanksgiving, do I brine the turkey or not and if so, any tips?"
"The mom needs to borrow money. Let's see how long before I get it back."
"did you see the haircut!?!? Hahahahaa!!!"
"Solid win from tonight! Too bad and I couldn't bring it home."
"make sure to check out 's coverage of the Craft Beer Conference and World Beer Cup."
"Some day I'll be good in the studio !!!!!"
"U know no offense but joe Jonas is like a womanizer he dates girls thn he nvr has the courage 2 break up with thm face2face or his dad does"
"ur brothers funny from what I can tell by what u post an I think there is a bad boys club it should be on soon"
"for your poker needs"
"ok so some bitch just called me and called me a \"Stupid slut\" WTF"
"What do you think about the Casey Anthony verdict? Weigh-in on www.Facebook.com/newsplex we'll talk about your comments on CBS19"
"Man, I can't believe I found this Workout... I'm Shaking... I seriously am jumping so much higher now! Ah"
"Kyle who? RT : I was trying to root Kyle out of hiding."
"he's hot"
"\"By your own efforts waken yourself, watch yourself, and live joyfully.\""
"Random man on the bus gave me an awesome compliment and didn't press me for a number-maybe chivalry ain't dead! :-)"
"Street teams will be coming soon!"
"sure! We'd love to have you come by"
"Me and still need to party together"
"me too man!"
"Cool! Did you get to hear him when he was in Chicago a few weeks ago?"
"/stel412 new music! LISTEN LIKE AND RETWEET!!! PLEASE CHECK IT OUT ITS REAL MUSIC!!!"
"thanks for sharing. So sad."
"you and Mike staying together?"
"Today is CJ Day in Oakland. I'll be live tweeting my pitches. Assuming doesn't shiv me during warmup."
"First Dogtown, now Sol (second the tofu burrito love)...now I want both."
"On MOC you mentioned book writing software you are using that automatically formatted for ebook. What is the name of the software?"
"Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!"
"aww thank u jess!"
"I killed a lot of trees and spilled a lot of ink today trying to be a graphic designer."
"My mama made me so mad last night that i had to stop eating my chinese food and go to my room"
"OW GUYS OW I JUST RIPPED ME EARRING OUT"
"has had a change in wedding plans...we are now having a small destination wedding in Hawaii with a reception to follow at a later date."
"it's a Square Donut! A statistical anomaly worthy of Guiness's great book... Haha & I eat donuts while dancing quite regularly"
"I can relate. I've been working on a new site myself. Lots of time & work, but will be worth it!"
"call me.....do u want my telephone number ?? ahhahaahahahahahahahahahahhahaha :) i love u :)"
"Congratulations, you've ruined my birthday."
"Lifestyle as young adult may affect age of menopause - Fox News"
"Lights are out, I hate the dark :("
"Hey babe, mommy misses you and wishes you were here. Forever and always, Rame."
"Pronunciation guide for southerners \"Bordieu\" - if nothing else, try \"Bore- doo.\""
"Awesome man, thanks for the insight... we just picked up a panasonic for our videos too"
"Pay Back on Madison St! Who's celebrating in locker room tonight? Daaaaa Bulls! Enjoy the ride Pacers!"
"Just took stalker pictures of my crush."
"DID YOU JUST TWEET?!"
"Being in cali=waking up before 6am feeling well rested. wish I could do the same thing at home!"
"Future home of The !"
"The sky is spitting snowflakes in Chicago for those interested in weather schadenfreude."
"u have be specific delayed but not denied..."
"If you only knew what i dealin with!!!"
"Rain or Shine Coffeehouse on 60th & SE Division is new to the neighborhood and serving our tea! Tip: try their unbelievable carrot bread"
"War is ugly."
"By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use"
"sleepy but so glad to be out of school :D"
"for the shout!"
"ok everyone i''m heading out now to watch the game. the place i have might not have net"
"Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!"
"It really is. Makes me cringe every time I hear it."
"Happily distributing em dash how-to info like Johnny Appleseed. For macs: shit+option+hyphen = —"
"I finished shooting for astorgos. I had so much fun. I can't wait for everyone to see it"
"having appreciation for the little things"
"I Keep Calling The Pharmacy 2 to 3 Times A day To Make Sure Prescription Refills For My “OCD” Medication Are Still There…"
"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear , happy birthday to you! (and many more!)"
"\": I think #oomf stole my leftover chilli's\"<<< you look like leftover chilli"
"\"Be prepared that a conversation is coming back to you,\" adds Listen to the feedback & make changes, if you need."
"no girl, they're overachievers. don't you worry your pretty little ambitious heart :)"
"Lauren & Bri are playing at Petes Candy Store in BKLYN Friday as a warm up for their show at Arlenes Grocery on 2/5. Come show your love!"
"aww i enjoyed it. maybe more for the look and costumes."
"happy monday - Revo is coming to San Diego soon!"
"Damn I wanna see Jones v Evans"
"#milwaukee Bring a fresh look into your home! Try thermo-modified wood moulding. They last last and are less expensive than composite!"
"My Snap out of it moment? Realizing I didn't have to sacrifice kids or my business. I can have it all! What's your story?"
"of course! We will be Rocking the Red tonight and Friday"
"#blend11 Josh Jarrett from Gates Foundation says 150(?) of 600 NGLC preproposals were blended learning and were the strongest projects."
"Thanks again , you make some good weather.. RT : From Rob, Morning sun then more clouds. High: 72 but 60s lakeside."
"What happens in Vegas is usually cliche and wearing Ed Hardy"
"It was great, hoping for a dry fiesta! RT : How about that thunder last night #ABQ?!"
"Yes. RT : says she a cleat chaser huh;)"
"No :( I wish you could've followed me! D:"
"people with time have no money and people with money have no time.."
"I woke up this morning playing our song and through my tears I sang along."
"#Nats layin the lumber tonight. Finally. Get that 20th win kids."
"The longer I go without coffee this morning, the faster my chipper-ness disappears... I wish my friend would hurry up!!"
"hybrid one will be on demand as well."
"i know it's all late, but Abigail isn't doing concession anymore :p"
"And you expect me to believe that .?"
"Lead group looking small now at"
"I meant that as a joke since \"rebound\" is the key to both games!! Ha! ;)"
"My balls are covered in jager lmao. I'm such a faggot"
"You want a job on planet Earth? And all this time I thought you were here."
"Crazy headache, need to run."
"Love this super warn weather. Getting me ready for summer !!"
"Japan scores again, take a 3-1 lead over Sweden. Not a good play by the Sweden keeper."
"Two best things to be called by someone with an English accent after doing a trick for them: \"Conjuror\" & \"Cheeky F@$&.\""
"Movies in which someone rides a bicycle for non-comedic purposes?"
"Romney and Brown make same weak HCR case. Good if done by states but not by feds. What happened to country first?"
"we hope you're having an awesome Wednesday Jessica! :)"
"Does anyone else use the 'favorite' button as a bookmark? I use it for things I can't read now but want to read later."
"hope not- have friends who swear by it. also- Google hasn't added ads yet- when $ start rollin in from Google+ ads, it stays open"
"Thanks and for the RT: Looking for #Milwaukee business to share Social Media, SEO, SEM & Blogging success stories."
"Already working on the first art book. Now a title is required."
"At work bored as shit"
"- Great Info as always Frank!"
"HA can you make me copies so I can sell at cons!!!!!"
"Hey, thanks mrz! :)"
"I'm not digging 's comments about today. He may have lost some Wisconsin listeners today."
"i think i have a liddol crush on him.. :c"
"Oh up and down. Mostly up! Your trip looks inspiring!"
"RG3 will be here on June 2nd for autographs, but.....$100 for signings....an extra $6.50 for authentication tickets. Smh."
"That's almost exactly how I feel, plus the whole \"when are things going to back to the normal that no longer exists\" thing"
"I love you"
"useful to refer some patients there for our student-ran clinics. Otherwise, eff Walmart, as they work to impoverish people."
"Wow - astounding difference! RT : In Mass, unemployment rate is 8%. In Mass communities of color, 30%."
"My feet hurt"
"When will i ever need y=x2(tan)5"
"girl I had a blast in DC and am going back Monday morning. Then to NYC."
"“: Sheena’s favorite part of her job is introducing new staff to the #Obama2012 motto—Respect, Empower, Include...\""
"have a great flight but it looks like I missed the 5min mark!"
"When does frequent tweeting = too much tweeting?"
"Among coffee lovers the average coffee consumption in the United States is 3.1 cups of coffee per day."
"Random question of the day: if Memphis high could tour with anyone in the world, who would you want it to be?"
"#donrickles thanks for the laughs."
"I swear I love"
"lol ill have basic in a month! Im milking it while I can! Hahahaha"
"\": < Playa all we know!\" That's what's up! What's good?"
"i see that you've come to resist me, I'm a pit bull in time. ~OH WHY?~"
"Isn't technology wonderful? RT: “: Thanks, !! Using that thing called a \"stove\" at my parents' house...”"
"Just got HBO simply for game of thrones"
"Good morning world! #rise&grind"
"Mad cow disease? No wonder I got beef so cheap last night at the super market."
"can't wait for chapter 30 :)"
"Libido is high just like my standards :)"
"Rough Weekend.... Blodwyn is back on the wagon. beach time 4 days, ripped pig!"
"Two ways to join us this weekend - tonight at 6:45pm for Shabbat services, or tomorrow morning (8:37am services, 10am for our youth class!)"
"Teaching people and organizations how to overcome adversity with my \"Key Steps to Success\" I learned growing up in an orphanage."
"You know what would be great? If I could stop believing that all men are assholes."
"It's Fried egg, fried egg.... Sunday comes after Saturday... repost if you get ... Rebecca Black"
"thats what happened with me when I got mine out. Was back in action the next day."
"Not to mention he has retractable blades that he could of cut himself free. Just sayin'."
"We need to get on our station ASAP"
"Cole Hamels says he qualifies for maintaining \"old school\" mentality cause he uses antique white for his frosted tip color"
"Suggestion for Palm: Provide a 24-hour \"return policy\" for all paid apps much like Android offers."
"hey u follow ppl bak ill follow them and f4fs ok"
"you're a fucking low friend you know that, you're fake as a three dollar bill."
"She got a cake on her, She gotta cake on her"
"lol no one follows me"
"I only think blonde skinny girls are pretty get real u sound so dumb don't worry about what I think I pretty and being blonde or skinny"
"it most certainly doesn't!!"
"Another great time at WMSE #rockabillychili! Favs: Stubby's,Wicked Hop, Molly Cools, Jake's Deli, & Palomino/Attebury."
"I need something to do in the mean time"
"Bono, we're going to have Fergie join you and Mick for the song, ok?"
"which penman novel? I just started here be dragons and love it!"
"Oh yeah - we checked out New York Mouth after we saw your Foursquare tip and we will def. be a customer of theirs."
"you serious?"
"Steve Harvey's movie producers set out to cleverly \"prove\" that his advice in his book works out to everyone's happiness..."
"At 'Latinos in Social Media' panel."
"Now I know why. #Ihatewinniethepooh RT : \"He has poor worth ethic\" -Will about Winnie the Pooh"
"#ifonlyicould get to retweet or follow me my life would be complete"
"omg i know ! Im so ezcited holy shit yours is month awayy then we gonnn. Party"
"We told u about Alberta's eugenics; #Didyouknow it happened in the US too? NC committee recommends $50K for victims & educational exhibits"
"#LiteraryEvent 5/15 7p Books: Portland Woodshop Writers #reading “Who’s Your Family?” a unique #family #storycollection (free)"
"Things are getting VERY interesting in Los Angeles. 94-87 Denver, 3 minutes left. Lakers were down BIG, fighting back. Tune into TNT."
"Shit gets crazy in the heat."
"lol bra i wulda passed out twice if i got a ps3 & a flat screen all in 1 day!"
"hurry follow 1 more! :)"
"Nuggets win!"
"Lol. I see that."
"Stock market seems a little over-bought here."
"yeah that's super cool. Now if only it would follow me around the club and make me look like a celebrity :)"
"baseball beat Oakland 3-2 to tie school record of 37 wins set in 1996."
"If your planning on shopping tomorrow, remember who to support. We encourage you to shop small business,"
"just wondering cuz you said twitter was gay haha"
"So Ready to audition for Bad Girls Club TRUST ME I WILL REPRESENT CHARLOTTE!!! Kendra didn't do the job right lol but I WILL!!"
"cause im n pain....what about urself?"
"what's going on tonight??"
"Up high as fuck watching Underworld once again its #TeamNoSleep Who else up with me HTLB (Hit The Like Button)"
"I'm in love with , having just discovered her. Have you read her blog? LOVE"
"da shit that ppl be talking bout these days be so irrlevant.."
"Say hi to Juan Pelota for me."
"\"Humans are the only creatures on the planet who laugh.Hyenas make funny barks...\" Have you gotten your giggles & grins today?"
"My friend says to me, \"I am not paranoid\" and in the same breath asked, \"Is that guy over there following me?\" OMG!"
"I want chocolate milk!!"
"The Iphone God's are with me today!!! My phone is found and will be in my hands by 12pm!!! Rock it out!"
"WOAH BRO YOU ARE OHIOAN. ME TOO."
"Always looking for potential camping destinations. Thanks for the heads up. I have already downloaded the National Parks App!"
"#milwaukee Carpe Diem!!! Stop in, grab a free coffee, relax at the counter and let us shop your to-do list for you!"
"U were supposed to be cced RT Like an 18 wheeler with a drunk driver driving"
"Awesome, glad to hear it!"
"Starting work on a photo project!"
"Pooo i wanted to win"
"Kendall Sexy Schmidt is trending lolol"
"haha yes ma'am I fucking love Sublime, & The Black Keys,"
"Not even going to walk into Steve Madden..."
"haha no you need to come here cuz Valerie comes and visits me."
"Los Angeles 2011"
"this bull shittt"
"I wish there was something to watch on TV this weekend lol.... GO #Brewers GO #badgers GO #Packers awesome sports weekend!"
"Oh shit random boner. I better hurry up and get rid of it before the bell rings."
"As evidence that it's been too long since I've written professionally, thesaurus.com is among my most-visited websites. Oh, the humiliation."
"FAMINE IN AFRICA -WE THE PEOPLE MUST GET INVOLVED!"
"Happy Mother's Day to the moms out there. I hope your kids spoil you today!"
"(: listening to ur song,\"born this way\""
"Playing a solo set tonight at USD at 8PM! Stop by the SLP if you're around!"
"Those people were , , and (whose net vocabulary is rather precisely focused)"
"Love reading to feel connected to #ROC. (Leaving it at that - can't put my feelings on exposure to crime in the right words.)"
"Passing Bayonne, New Jersey. Thanks for nothing, you whore."
"it would be so cool to live in someone else's mind for a day."
"cool cool. so far 2 for solo, 2 for duo."
"Good Morning and Happy Monday!"
"AH awesome season this year! Can't wait RT : It's so awesome to see two tap dancers on So You Think You Can Dance. Miss it so much!"
"I'll miss free rides downtown, but a good step towards it cleaning up- No more free bus rides in downtown after Sept. 29...."
"SO Gladd I brought headphone ♥ - life saver ."
"8 months today. I love being hangover-free. :)"
"Judges are off to make some decisions. $10,000 on the line."
"btw...im in PR...family loss but I'll be here for a while"
"Take a look at Traces of the Trade on your journey, and keep rocking the kids!"
"Spit rounds like a gun rage"
"When shopping for #foundation, choose at least 3 colors to test on your jawline."
"No we did not. #thinklikeaman instead."
"It's usually raining or cold or even snowing for #drakerelays! I remember freezing one year while serving as judge for parade"
"But she can RT S/O to my moms for still thinking she can whip my grown ass.... She 4 foot 11...."
"rest easy aaron michael phat scott!"
"pictures please :)"
"Here we go again with all the things you said, & not a minute spent.~"
"that place is awesome!!! I go atleast once per week."
"I'm forming new ConnectingCircles today! There will be new events on the GirlFriendCircles calendar!"
"it's so tasty! And fattening! They love to shove a polish sausage in there and wrap cheese around it. M on a bad day."
"Okay, calm down. What with your Cavill shirtless pics, and your \"I wish I looked like that\", and no wait those are my thoughts..."
"It's a fact. Since 1977, NEH challenge grants have leveraged $3.02 billion in non-federal matching funds for projects across the US."
"I hope Joe replys. *Crossing my fingers*"
"hope you do too...i'll say it again to make your day extra great - good luck in hoops tonight."
"Girls Night Out has kicked off! Stop by and enjoy free samples and good music!"
"I think I'm gonna buy a potted plant to grow. Check out my green thumb. :)"
"I knew we should have gone to bells earlier. Instead of watching rufio hit on girls......"
"Earphones in... volume up - world out."
"its pretty good(: and no i haven't made any new ones yet :/ but you should! Don't be afraid its fun!! ((:"
"it's a double shot of espresso floating on top of a hidden layer of half and half and a shot of vanilla. It's delicious! You shoot it"
"Powe looks like Prince Fielder"
"ok, caressa, impress me."
"You can't call yourself a friend when you exchange the people in your life like a deck of cards"
". a #Gingrich presidential run, Bob #Dole in the news, \"lycos.\" It's like VH1's \"I Love 1997\""
"Luxury handbag spa opens in Dubai - The National"
"Just added: December 1st show at the Red Devil Lounge!"
"If I recall, you don't get a quarter life crises until July..."
"all is going good Cindy :) Thanks, hope you're doing great!"
"“: Watching Friends =]” best show ever!!!"
"Woot! Thanks very much. :) RT : Well done , well done. I'll be back."
"A fatal flaw of most SMEs: \"It's easier to tell 'em how to do it.\" Do we do this too, when working w/ SMEs?"
"Safe to say Manning Madness will be reduced to 49ers and Titans?"
"thank you!!!"
"I do what I want (:"
"Forgot where my car was in the Pavilions parking lot, walked up to 3 different black Priuses before finding my own"
"A very happy (belated) birthday to !!! xoxox"
"Thanks! I wish you the best"
"Finally finished \"The Hunger Games\" series. I liked it! :)"
"Prayers for the family of Mr. Don Cornelius..May he rest in peace!"
"I had my first topperstix in a year on Saturday.. I couldn't resist"
"maybe earlier"
"going to help my little sister get ready for prom!!!"
"Hey!!! My regional TESOL association is looking for keynote speakers for a November conference. Who are your favorites?"
"Looking forward to meeting with some amazing entrepreneurs next monday Thx! :)"
"The stuff we do for the people we love.."
"I'm too insecure. Too indecisive.and crave too much attention to be with anybody."
"Pleased to have opportunity to speak to Gen. Fed. Of Women’s Clubs-- Appreciate their support!"
"how much did you pay her???! congrats dude :)"
"Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die."
"Hey David, Twitter just informed me that you/your tweet account was saying real bad things about me. Hacker or you? Thanks."
"that was Boron haha funny :)"
"Family gift to my parents: sorting and converting 50-60 yrs of Kdchrome to digital. Contemplating archival implications...:-)"
"The problem of free will seems closely related to the problem of emergence."
"buy me a diamond ring so I know it's real !"
"that'll look real nice next to my Zim Express trading card and Woody Woodchuck bobble on my desk"
"what are you uploading to dropdox?"
"If life is so short then maybe we shouldn't complain when the days seem long. Wishing for long days & endless nights <3"
"love u"
"got it bro!"
"So true, so very true..."
"better wear some torso armor to that 5/5 show so I don't break your ribs with a bear hug again."
"UGH. i hate people."
"Do you. What will settle everything is of one of these ppl were to hit someone that actually hits back...beat down and scene"
"do what my aunt does with hers. She points it and shakes it at people as she talks about them lol"
"The dinosaur is there at the end of every game, making all kinds of inappropriate gestures."
"Fantastic defense by Memphis"
"I'm starting on it in a little bit I think."
"If they say my foot is not broken, isn't a doctor obligated to examine it? That NEVER happened, FOR THE RECORD! I AM IN PAIN AND SUFFERING!"
"they'll have a new album coming out probably later this year, so they'll song those and a few of the older ones :)"
"Can't imagine tebow picking NY. Go home, more comfortable culture and probably a better chance to be given a legit chance to start."
"Someone tweet me I am super bored!!!! Need to have a convo. With someone"
"👍I'm sure someone here on twitter would love a kitten that cute have you posted a pic yet? Want me to?"
"Nothing like working for crazy people!"
"Don't U Hate When Someone Asks U To Do Something Then Complain On How U Do It? UH, BITCH I AINT HAVE TO DO SHIT 4 U IN THE FIRST PLACE, TF?!"
"a perfectly reasonable gentleman's night out."
"I got everything of bieber, even a life size poster and a watch of him! and much more i love u bieber!!, MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!"
"Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand"
"It is wise to model the behavior you expect from others!"
"We are all Boilers tonight"
"Good W tonight!"
"I hate resisting unhealthy food after i finish my workouts, runs, or swims.. lol i want to demolish some carne asada fries right now D:"
"Woke to feeling like shit! :/"
"Great day in la. Bo"
"You're in the back of my mind"
"Oh, she's cute too. Follow her."
"Stay hungry, stay foolish."
"No cell phone for certain ppl today. So if I don't txt back or answer your calls, chances are I don't wanna tlk to you:). I love you❤"
"Think some people have forgot I exist tonight..."
"Yeah, the egg looks really big when you see how tiny she is. I'm wondering if she will lay another one tomorrow."
"I'm laughing and is very mad at you..."
"thx! Talk soon."
"Botanarita, I like it! We are working on new drink actually-beer margarita! I will see tonight if #Botanarita works for that!"
"Off to my survival job. Feeling #grateful that I can still afford to pursue my dream!"
"I realize we're in Philly, but it's still random to hear a fife and drum corps."
"watching Tosh haha. Do u still watch that..."
"I love Jackie"
"The organizers met the chartering requirements, and we welcome all groups who have pledged to support"
"me either im gone go some day"
"I probably should have known, that there really is no use."
"Chad potato"
"Done with my A&P final! Thank god"
"I live in the city but I feel like I'v seen u before"
"it really is phenomenal how many people are taking time to donate to such worthy causes!"
"I ask a bitch her name and tell her go board the plane"
"Googling you is fun, there are some funny things that pop up!"
"S/O to the $5,400 check i got at work today!"
"Pretzel fight with my cousin!!!! U going down stacy!!!"
"Final chance to get that free PBR after #NOgoodDEED tonight."
"Some of the greatest productions in film and plays never reach the big screen. Entertaining and Inspirational."
"Oh yes it is!!! : I'm pretty sure the party is coming to me. lol"
"People get ideas all the time. The only difference between writers and other people is we notice when we're doing it. -- Neil Gaiman"
"I'd LOVE to read more of your thoughts on this; I'm inspired by your determination (and smashing). :)"
"Thank you for the recomendation! It is much appreciated."
"thanks! Although, I seriously have no idea what I'm doing! And yes, even though I'm a nerd! :-)"
"#getbetter at it"
"I like when I get new followers, even if they aren't real people."
"#KINETIKLIFE all day every day....get ready for the big things comin your way soon!"
"Im on my twitter shit today!"
". Help us return Virginia's Senate to a Republican majority. We can do it with your vote this"
"They could have used the help when they were first starting out. So why not try to help some young musicians out. WTF is with some of these"
"RT : pleasure meeting #MTVMade Pageant Coach Kyle Haggerty at Miss VA United States Workshop! Loved the tips !"
"D'aww he's so cute."
"OK, next year I'm using the Scantron form spell-a-word method when choosing teams for my bracket."
"it should be a zoning law that every neighborhood have one!"
"oh my gosh. i would sell my kidney for a bar of chocolate right now."
"such a precious little tot"
"if your brain only had the ability to think of one thing and one thing only, what would it be?"
"haaha my. Tits itch"
"WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY COMPUTER OMG WTH."
"my muscle hurt so bad. Who's tryin to give me a massage"
"New York placements for the Sept 2011 intake hits the 100 mark this week! And counting!"
"Lakers are playing some good defense, but it helps that James Harden has apparently forgotten how to make a layup."
"hi maddie look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings !Go and follow her ! She will follow you back"
"Peter Kim, founder & CEO of talking diff between a great brand and a great business."
"That sounds pretty awesome!"
"panther! panther! panther!"
"Oh shit, the Wood is about to come On! !!"
"I'm on the paper trail it ain't no telling where it took me yeah and I ain't a killer but dont push me!"
"Before I say goodnight..I wanna say I can't wait 2 get tht 5th #NBA ring! #GOSpursGo! Bring it back to SaTown! Its ours! #TimDuncan Awaits"
"knowing he was a waste of my time isnt a shocker to me! but now i can finally sleep good at night knowing i did nothing wrong!"
"oh yeah! =p im so dumb lol thank you so much man =]"
"stop tweeting and go eat some koshary."
"Not sure if that gut-wrenching scream and falling sound from upstairs neighbor was the ER kind of noise or the happy kind. cc"
"On my way to Vegas!!!"
"Wasn't expecting Rushton Rd to be dirt. nevertheless ..."
"Have #shortsale client w/ 2nd #mortgage from Chase, Chase has no record of note but won't release property 4 sale. What to do??"
"Oh fine. No I didn't, but i should've huh? It woulda been fly. :) *giggles*"
"Looking at shit in a different view but without my glasses"
"Instead of Dirt Dogs the #RedSox play like they're the Six Feet Under The Dirt Dogs."
"Buck up, little Travis."
"Am I being selfish or a good person? I can't tell."
"Downtown has so many amazing places for all styles! MT : Q1. Which Chicago neighborhood is your favorite to shop in?"
"Tonight I'm goin' HARD! ;) happy birthday to my bestie's boy friends brother! <3"
"have fun guys."
"\"It's not that I'm addicted to chapstick\" looks down at four chapstick tubes in purse \"okay, maybe I have a problem\" (upcoming post)"
"hey how have you been haven't talked to you in awhile!"
"What?! Clearly I need to get out of the office more.. ;)"
"- for sure, but you said \"favorite\" not \"some favorites\"! ;) I'd take ANY event with the best seats in the house"
"Leaving Huntington Beach"
"On train to nyc, in quiet car; woman in seat in front of mine is using _The Craft of Research_ as she sorts notecards and reads a 2nd book."
". We will take you up on that, if/when legislation is being debated."
"I gotta run now too! But I hope to see you all at the next #writersroad chat!"
"say what?"
"I see \"devoted mother\". Only saying."
"Why do people fan themselves w/ their hand other than to let others know that they feel hot? Because certainly it doesn't cool u off"
"HERE *raises hand*"
"What's the score, time left? Thanks"
"Perfect day for my man David Tutera! :)"
"Ahahahah, yup, I got 'fully-grown bull seal' completely out of context. :D /cc"
"Found out about a Technology & Mobility Symposium coming up in #KC soon @ POWER UP! & can't wait to get back to the office to tell everyone!"
"how you been?"
"High of 91. This is gonna be a warm one."
"name sharing is more clone- than twin-like. I see similar careers as evidence of the clone..."
"'Equal opportunity, more than anything, means a great education'-Steve Jobs"
"I guess I should get ready for today whatever I'm doing today lol."
"Thank you for believing. Thank you for letting him live his dream. WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE. <3"
"Woke up sick, great"
"I laugh at mofo's who talk behind my back, knowing they will be kissing my ass later."
"Good to hear Hopefully people are buying some gear for next year's"
"Hope you're having a lovely birthday!"
"One may need to break things to make them better"
"I think i'm actually ready to be done... 4REAL this time."
"Mi BiG CUZZO TOO SUPREME W/ THiS AVi!...👍"
"Getting ready for Inn Group meeting. We have a GREAT group and will be sharing ideas about how to use Twitter effectively in our businesses"
"I pray that everyone had a wonderful Christmas."
"Shabazz to UCLA. Who the hell names a kid Shabazz anyway???"
"#RnBThrowBacks : They Don't Know ~ Jon B"
"I knew when I started my #gratefulness year, I might hit a day when I needed to dig deep for my daily tweet. Today is that first hard day."
"Commission business meeting will begin in approximately 15 minutes due to traffic caused by an accident on the interstate."
"#TRUTH RT \"What is the best weapon against a zombie attack\" - Joe. \"Jesus\" - Jordan"
"Why would anyone be a proud supporter of the \"99%\"?"
"yes am aware and was not being serious. :). Come on its Saturday!"
"Mountain Dew and Friends Declare &quot;This is How We DEW&quot;"
"yeah thats whats up no rush"
"good luck!"
"would be a solid hire for any team. downfall = GM title + no man parts in dealing with Favre"
"I hear u. I like new, but I don't need another lame social media blah blah blah."
"But seriously vote for him! He is falling behind!"
"Shaunie O'Neal says the future of Basketball Wives will be more balanced. What do you think?"
"I need motivation to write mah stories..."
"All my bags are packed, I'm ready to go!"
"do it"
"You in #Vegas yet?"
"Happy Halloween From All of us at SenSpa!"
"Wow, back in #abq and ready to get to work. No internet is NO fun!"
"Now that I'm all done with this installation part, I kinda forgot about this 20 page paper that needs to get done as well"
"On the web: It is uncontrolled"
"is finishing up a flat stanley project for his niece's second grade class."
"Going to go rip the plastic off my dry cleaned dresses right after this! No mold for me!"
"that was my bet too!! I think we may have lost though, looks like he fell behind early on... I suck at betting lol"
"I'll never play in the NBA. So I must learn to be extra funny."
"Now it's 8 walks for the Giants."
"Found out today I get to do a likeness Head of Debra Lamb."
"I will be in St. Louis this weekend teaching at Southeast Missouri State University. Very excited!!!"
"Follow me sexy"
"I was thinking the same thing.. weird shit"
"I need somebody for that 3,000 tweet."
"Miley Runs The World ! Please other fans do not compete"
"Delicious self-made Greek salad from our cafeteria. You? :)"
"The students at our school thank you :)"
"April is #APR month. #Detroit #PR pros - are you accredited? Share your experience and use"
"Anyone know where to find Magic Hat beer in Memphis?"
"Money moves (realignment) in college football do have some positives. Nebraska vs Wisconsin a good example."
"Today's special is A-FREDO-MAZING! Chicken Broccoli Fettucini Alfredo! Served w/ garlic toast and the knowledge that this meal rocks."
"yeah totally! too bad they broke up"
"JUST CAUSE U GOT A MIXTAPE WITH 20 SONG ON IT DONT MEAN SHIT IF AT LEAST 8 SHOULD BE A HIT"
"Still tweaking the site before unveiling it"
"I miss"
"Can I have a follow back please"
"Going on a date and paying with a groupon \"coupon\""
"Happy mother's day to the mother of and I love you all! :* &hearts;"
"Hope you guys have a great Easter!"
"LL Cool J? Really?"
"I was bout to put up dis other pic as my twitter avi but its was a lil TOO much for virgin eyes so guess yall gona hav to settle 4 dis gud 1"
"Or sick. Let's face it, he's been suspended because he either directly knew or failed to supervise...why the honor?"
":3 love you maya"
"and how many rings?"
"Somedays I swear life is like a sitcom"
"Beach day! Finally!!!"
"Unprecedented unity among sites both large and small... Google, Reddit and WIkipedia join bloggers from around the world to protest SOPA.!!"
"Thee Satisfaction just got off the plane I'm about to board. Dope."
"How many calories might one burn for swinging for, say, an hour? *crossing fingers hoping I burned off the icecream*"
"#BradPitt is SO HOT in that movie!!!"
"Correct answer: Indeed."
"1989 called. It wants its halftime show back."
"I love it when the Welfare Dept pays for client's beauty school tuition."
"LOL, I do hope it is not that much of a better count. Then I won't be able to justify/rationalize my stash. ;)"
"follow back"
"Won all the gold. $1,810."
". Chris just got back to me. Thanks!"
"bogus. is my airline of choice. If you tip the bag checker $10 you can check a body bag for free"
"AP: Pres. Obama in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on US post-war role."
"That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it"
"To my A/V Preservationist friends: Are you preserving in Uncompressed AVI or JPEG 2000 Motion (or H.264/AVC, other)?"
"Needing to get rid of some old electronics? Check with your local #recycling plant about drop-off options."
"damn.I need to take a sick day so I can play w/yall & see 's crossover(which will probably make me sick, anyways)"
"We will save a crab leg for you!"
"Have a great time! Happy Easter!"
"whats the weather like where you live? its cold n windy here in So. California! burr! hope ur not getting punk'd too bad on april fools day."
"Any local comics you'd like to see at COBO? Post below (web links will help us find them) to clue us in!"
"Well the decision has been made. We're going to Key West for vacation this summer."
"I second that. >> RT : Or you could use 's new credit monitoring app. BOOM!"
"FYI Revenge is one of my fav shows and you're ridiculously good on it!"
"Wow i got 99 followers and a Bitch aint one thanks tweeps"
"Let's see if this swing is there today..."
"You haven't met the right guy!!!"
"I love"
"off to massachusetts for my brother's wedding!!"
"yes sir :P"
"i was obviously talking about me n u when i tweeted that to keegan"
"is that \"plagiarus\" for real, or from a student paper? interesting, nonetheless!"
"I just noticed I tweeted tha exact same thing as you Hahah."
"It seems like Seun was giving great answers, I just couldn't understand him well enough to ask followups. Hope I can decipher the tape."
"If u can't get someone outta your head maybe there suppose to be there"
"Finished my Christmas presents!"
"I hope our military wrapped Bin Laden in bacon and stuffed his shoes up his ass before his burial at sea."
"no NBA ON THANKGIVING DAY I SAY THESE NIGGAS IS GREEDY"
"I will take your word on that! Lol"
"Thanks Richard!"
"Tweet tweet tweet!"
"Beautiful evening. Boh's and O's"
"RT : “: This Burns My Heart by was breathtaking. had me doing the ugly cry & everything”"
"And a #JayHay streak end. At least someone taught him how to take a pitch. I don't think that dude ran up 2 balls in all of 2011."
"Dear Universe - please send me someone to love. Thanks!"
"15 more school days! 11 for me!"
"#poppinoff...best party on a Thursday night...period!!"
"Events this weekend lined up - booked and busy even when I'm not in town !"
"making the sentence turn into \"HOE ARE YOU STILL ALIVE!?\" Instead of \"HOW ARE YOU STILL ALIVE!?\""
"Thank you!! RT“: I love your guys show :) Your AMAZING!”"
"tried a twinkie this am & had hard time w/it. lol"
"#wattttevvaa...i can watch it my own.... no no more frnds kekek :P"
"Not worried yet bats look good. Phil H needs to step up big Sunday. GO YANKS !!"
"This day doesn't exist. Come on in, play some tunes, drink cheap and have a kickass BBQ. Then forget about it."
"I need more followers lol big sis help me out lol"
"Happy day of birth to"
"Nice site!"
"Paranoid Android and a couple of drinks"
"Now I know why this is my first visit to Lenox Grille"
"It was great to briefly meet you! The Zaarly crew loves both and !"
"If you don't know what God says about you, then who are you?"
"You're very welcome"
"If you want to contact me through www.unyg.com I can help you promote your DAR chapter on Twitter."
"ah i love spain! that's so exciting!"
"“: been playing around with It's like Yelp and Pinterest had a beautiful baby together.” Thanks!"
"Want to connect with someone? Ask him/her what he/she is passionate about."
"YAY! Congrats! Right behind you...RT HEY TWITTER I FINISHED MY UNDERGRADUATE CAREER LIKE TWENTY SECONDS AGO"
"Moving tribute to Dave Niehaus at Home Opener.Tears and cheers."
"50s and sunny not your idea of a winter wonderland, east coasters? Chances of snow in #Aspen this weekend = 100%!! or bust."
"shut up"
"I just got IRL Bel-Aired."
"haha yeah well acually they are probably coming in september... :)"
"that is the stupidest thing iv ever seen in my life"
"13days of school left, hell yeahh."
"My form is rare"
"Jesse sprayed his cologne on me! We smell god"
"Lolla'ed out..?? Go check out the free after show at the HOB back porch 2 night.."
"Hi new followers! :)"
":) cool RT : Been eating cheese all day. I just can't seem to get enough of it. What the heck?!"
"Congrats to - she's running for miss California USA!!!!!"
":) it just takes more room..."
"like i wanna talk to that person but i don't think I'm ready for that yet"
"Gonna work on my tracklist for this fridays set. I wanna start off mellow then end it with a bang!."
"I have. I did Couch to 5K. I'm so proud."
"The reason why there are so many traffic accidents is because the process of obtaining and maintaining a driver's license is way too simple."
"Oh snap!"
"I don't know what to wear tomorrow :("
"Now for some Awesome people to follow."
"When you see Viola Davis on stage--you will always be on her side."
"Well said!"
"New segment today on called Poker Roulette. Think ChatRoulette with a poker pro but without the penises."
"I did cry. Lol"
"Looking forward to our Chicagoland NW Suburbs meeting today! Speak your way to more business!"
"everything good bro?"
"But, good Guy record store owner has records at a reasonable price, organized, and has a story about every record in the shop."
"Miami vs OKC tonight =Finals Preview! #nbafantreat school on he needs the lesson."
"Jo March and Atticus Finch. I LOVE this one!"
"Love the bills pick of Gilmore"
"Queueing up Pandora Pro (no ads) streaming on my iPhone - \"ambient dreams\" station. My dreams are always a bit difft with all night music"
"I feel your pain! Just sat in a waiting room for 50 mins w/my 2 yr old. Autism101 #autism + waiting = MELTDOWN!!!!"
"\"Every time you walk in the room can't help myself I wanna be with you...I keep my cool one more time and you just keep on walking by\""
"That's not what I meant when I said the thing about letting Greinke finish games, earlier."
"Are you kidding? I still pee my pants a little when I think about it. We're FB friends, too, so I'll shoot you a msg w/ my"
"Cooking underground cosmetics? I'd be all over that, even though I'm a humanities major."
"Why do fat people get fatter? Why do anerexic remain anerexic? Why do haters hate? Why do people judge? Im sick of this shit."
"Making Big Plans for our New Business Card Superstore opening in May"
"26 out 100 new domain names are using Wordpress"
"Merry Christmas Eve!!!!"
"Rondo triple-double... NICE"
". I really hope you're not getting poured on right now! :\"
"Well the way the seeding went, that wouldn't have been possible for this round. I still would rather play Philly than Chicago."
"How can it be midnight already?!"
"Rats always have to walk in the street...that's what the sidewalk is for damn"
"Why not? You know the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?"
"Anyone ever have one of those weeks where it's just like, exactly seven days long? Can I get a witness?"
"Happy Mothers Day!!!!!"
"Stupid people in my neighborhood are setting off fireworks while im trying to sleep. Twitter is just keeping me company til they stop (;"
"Mr. The Altuve with a couple of NICE defensive plays in B1."
"no clue yet..."
"Freezing our booties off on the patio. Gonna have to cut the night early. :/"
"Thanks for the mention!"
"like that idea!!!!"
"Just heard KG say \"Get that sh*t out of herer\" Mic is too close."
"My truck gave out on me this morning. :("
"beautiful!! So glad you like it! Interior looks amazing too!"
"When it rains all I want to do is have soup, watch black & white movies and build a blanket fort."
"Lap Dance Body Workout Done!"
"oh well you been running through my mind al day ^_^"
"Last few hours in France. Bittersweet ending."
"thank you thank you. Looking forward to sharing more music soon"
"my favorite memories of 2011 were when I met u at Cort Theater in the spring & this summer when i saw u 'sSummerBlowout ♥"
"It's messy and slick on that field... The boys started a little slow, but picked it up and dominated after the first 12 or so."
"Wow, the scam artists are out in force today...whew! They are just blowing up my mailbox!"
"Anyways....... I need to go to the mall later"
"Discover What Moves You - Find your passion and strive to live your life around it. Make your list. Do your homework. There is this caution,"
"God always makes a way no matter how hard things may seem keep the faith follow me ;)"
"The possibility to change ur fortune by trying is inspiring"
"It feels like life is taking over, it feels like it was meant to be"
"I took a new pic today...not sure how many of my friends are photographers; I would like to take some new pics now that I am in better shape"
"Fiber (such as flax or chia seeds, #psyllium husks,rice bran) to your diet for regular elimination that will carry toxins out of the system."
"The thing about it is, all those races we lost, we won this race together. We won it as a team - Dale Earnhardt"
"I would delete u off Facebook but I want u to despise my happiness<3"
"Appreciate the #follow!"
"God dammit pizza sounds good"
"Put the lover of justice to shame with your compassion. - Saint Isaac of Syria"
"Grannyup2help,falls asleep leaning on him.Lift her onto the couch.Him\"It's about over ain't it?Darlene?He'sgot a pretty good sack of hay.\""
"Lovely lines. Oh, and I guess the Eames is nice too."
"Sounds good, stand by."
"stuff I already teach...History(I start Pre Hip Hop, like Calloway),4 elements,instruments(decks,samplers,etc),record study"
"it's all worth it"
"word bro!, yea hit me up need to check it out"
"check your email"
"come on man, no stat should EVER have an astrisk."
"#Dodger game tonite with wife and son. Early but not even 1/8 of a crowd. Thankfully I'm a #Rockies fan!"
"Caffeine, I can't quit you."
"Add Fairfield to the list of DI schools offering a basketball scholarship to Homestead junior Luke Worthington."
"What did Longoria do to piss off tons of small sample size fairweather fans?"
"thank u Tangie"
"guess what. i figured out my password. turns out. i never changed it. :"
"I caught half of it last night and had the same thought."
"Jump on my #FF. Please follow a new twitter-tri-biz owner-nice dude-friend-speed demon on the bike/run."
"looking forward to long sleeve shirts, sweatshirts & jackets in a few months..."
"Oh that's how you feel ma, that's really how you feel."
"#oprah lol Bobby..there's only 1 Oprah"
"Why do couples flirt over Facebook/Twitter? Just call your girl up and tell her."
"Funny numbers... increase funding of vouchers and charters and call it an increase for public education. Hm?"
"Awesome Chipotle commercial, but I prefer Qdoba."
"i'm literally so happy, now. <3333"
"The #Aztecs are now fouling to try and extend the game. 61-50 Lobos with 1:50 left."
"lets fix it soon please and thank you. *smiles* RT : I know...it's crazy that we haven't run into each other yet..."
"already what's the delli"
"I'm confident in myself, I think that intimidates people. Everyone should love themselves."
"prayers to you all."
"Last long run (9 m) for the #kyderby #MiniMarathon training complete! Only 2 weeks to go!"
"That sounds awesome. Nothing like rewarding yourself with something cold after a hard ride on a hot day!"
"Start with a dance to loosen the body, then visit a local shelter and give the animals some love, tell jokes on the way home!"
"Congrats! RT : Cougars win! 5-3 over the Kernels in Cedar Rapids! Aaron Brooks gets the win. Malcolm Culver the save."
"I can pass out any time of the day that I please but when it comes to night time I can't sleep at all😓"
"Thanks for the tweet!"
"lololol she lounges all over me!"
"what a great game! Hope you all had a blast!"
"Giving away another free shaker cup today! True or False: Eating certain berries may help decrease blood pressure."
"OMG that looks ridiculously sickly amazing in it's own weird way! Talk about a cardiac arrest waiting to happen."
"Pretty sure I'm going to catch the plague while on my bus ride to Philly. Everyone is hacking, sneezing, sniffling. #passthepurell #"
"haha, this made my morning. impossible not to laugh at those eyeballs. Thx for coming last night! so fun"
"Been sick since last week >:/"
"*yawns* boy am I tired!"
"Marilyn Watkins with now up talking about women's employment."
"WHOA LOOK WHO IT IS! I'm good and you little sis??"
"Where do you rank peyton on the qb list? Which round (12 team league) would you take him?"
"Author Verne Meyer (\"The College Writer\" \"COMP\") will speak @ 11AM session on relational approaches to teaching"
"I feel like if someone wants to hear from me, they'll hmu...if they don't, they don't wanna hear from me..."
"Tonight! students oratory competition in the Dome Room of the Rotunda. 7 pm!"
"yes indeed."
"That's what I like to hear, ma'am! A nice, formal apology. You are an awful friend. But I forgive you :-)"
"Its another day another dollar..its about getting money"
"I know huh? This is surely a sign that Facebook is about to become obsolete!"
"#prayfornida was in a really bad accident, please pray for we guyss"
"awesome posts Thankyou!"
"For film bloggers going to Cannes, please watch Sergio Leone's restored masterpiece \"Once Upon A Time In America.\""
"love the pick the highest klout score app!"
"Why have we not heard about this before now???"
"\"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.\""
"Wow what a stinkface lady walking that dog!"
"Everyone on Facebook ks getting a Twitter. Wtfffff."
"yup. Just a fix it though. My speeding ticket arrived yesterday. And what is"
"Apparently so."
"Being a real person and trying this whole bed early wake up early thing... first a lil #trueblood with JN"
"If this is coffee, then please-bring me some tea. But if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. A. Lincoln"
"not yet, we're still taking resumes until Friday then beginning interviews next week. So hopefully soon!"
"back spasms that won't go away. having to back out on selling food at volleyball game. grr."
"Now Following Cause Im Infatuated With Her Twitter Name... Yessurrryy"
"Well THAT would be okay with me, except judging by her cleanliness, I wouldn't trust it. Urine stained carpets."
"Yikes! Palin's voice still like fingernails on a chalkboard."
"true stops hype"
"is making #cocktails at the LVMS getting ready for #NASCAR!!"
"If a train is about to run u over I'll rather jump in to save u then to see u die &noeing I didnt do nuthin xoxo I love u always<3be mine<3"
"Good Morning!"
"How do you keep breaking my heart over and over?"
"Happy Birthday"
"americans hating on asian people. jkay! haha"
"When you're trying to avoid someone but they constantly keep texting you... Please get the hint and gimme some space."
"First Day of Training"
"Message from Mayor Sam Adams - \"From a grateful mayor, I say thanks!\""
"oh yea girl !"
"I love the morning"
":/ hope your day gets better!"
"Rendering video files for Vimeo at the moment (13 30-minute TV shows)."
"Healthcare is a need so let's not call it obamacare"
"knicks crush magic w/out lin and stoudemire? wow....maybe they are for real"
"RT : Got a new pair of Cat Mids today. See how they hold up to some #bmxFlatland I'm used to"
"Just realized how much I'm going to miss the beautiful foreign boys of Boston. :("
"maybe it's time to get new ones."
"Thank you! And thanks for your support!!!RT“: Congrats on an amazing show Pride!! You all were fabulous!!”"
"Tonight was super fun at the dance then ice cream with some crazy friends(:"
"We're excited to be at #azima tonight! Can't wait to hear all about culture :) cc:"
"my mom and I are talking about selling my body to get money for NY."
"This weather is beautiful. But I'm gonna need a little more. #letsgetjudgy cc:"
". Please send money to #WI to defeat Walker and his cronies. TYVM!!"
"It's so MF hot in my room right now."
"Got my stickers in the mail today. Thanks!"
"No one ever listens to Sedar's stop signals. Poor guy"
"I still don't understand why anyone wants to follow me... am I the herd's bellwether? anyway, thanks for the follow!"
"who are you i dont even know i dont listen to your music duhh........(what an idoit) :-!"
"Ugh, every time I hear the word \"cancer\" I just cringe!"
"No there's nothing that I wouldn't do; To make you feel my love"
"at least something exciting happened lol"
"it will be on the radio streetz 106 Friday night"
"Just sold out of Orange Eats Creeps"
"I let my guard down with and for one second and.....WHAM!!! Don't like them. Can't trust them."
"WE LOVE YOU <3"
"G-night sweet dreams."
"the sky might fall, but i'm not worried at al~"
"RT : Living your brand. How to use integrated branding for mktg success in/outside your firm"
"Putting final touches on my upcoming conference session: Note Taking on Mobile Devices. Part app-smackdown/part crowd participation"
"Follow and I will follow....xoxo miss mimi pink!"
"EXTRAS NEEDED! Anyone interested in standing-in as extras for a funeral scene @ Griffith Park early April? Contact:"
"Shoot me down..but I won't fall. I am titanium."
"Alpaca carpaccio is also good to eat in Peru."
"...is it gonna cover the testicles on your back?"
"The can opener was invented 48 years after the can"
"Missed my 1,600th tweet thnx to hype.fm. So. Dedicating 1,601 to my first follower and social networking mentor #digitalLOVE "
"I WANT TO omg :'( WHY JFK THOUGH LOGAN IS CLOSER GOSH"
"Congrats chior for getting distinguished todayy ! (: thanks for being such a good teacher !"
"I often wonder the same thing. I wonder if my neighbors think Im a recluse. NOpe . . . just the coolest nerd ever."
"she should be fine ... i'll find some shade or leave her in her carseat"
"Craving Red Lobster....yum!"
"I know that one! It's the one fancy offices have. I would love it but the coffee has to be a fortune! You choose a flavor..."
"GM Miss Juju"
":-) Thanks Elinor! Happy Wednesday!"
"Reverb is very pretty :)"
"Im all alone runnin scared,losin my way in the dark.I try to get up and stand in the wind,but i keep crashin down hardTHISISMYSIDEOFTHESTORY"
"Hi Tari! you have to keep us updated on your book when it comes out... :)"
"hahah yeah I bet! I did too though I was hunnnngyyy!"
"Happy birthday, Kendyl, from the NY Public Library!"
"“: where'd you guys go” I'm in seattle not sure where Ryan is...thought he was at home but maybe not."
"I hate waiting at the barber shop"
"Man it is good to see Ward Burton back in a #nascar race car."
"congrats. Now I know who to contact when I get in trouble in Kansas..."
"#whosgonnalose - Northwestern v Auburn - NW will lose"
"Fluffy pillows are used for hugging. But neck pillows should be small but ergonomic so that your neck would have better support."
"My boy"
"u dnt undastand wat I'm saying, their just betta ways of sayn KISS MY ASS. get it now?"
"I NEED the Canucks to get eliminated tonight!"
"Contact me directly if you have any questions. (I'm glued to my phone)"
"Georgia Tech makes 24 of 25 free throws in beating Oklahoma State. How did that happen?"
"Wilson Mizner~ When you take stuff from one writer its plagiarism but when you take it from many writers its research."
"I'd see Avengers again. Next weekend?"
"#pll A will be revealed. #psyched 💘😃"
"today is a wonderful day to sip some tea at"
"\"BREAKING\" is mis/overly used on Twitter. I actually get arm-fold-y when real news doesn't follow, and immediately go to NYT to make it OK."
"Hate being sick....i feel like crying."
"If they can't do right , we gone let em go"
"“: #racistchristmassongs Blue Christmas"
"how on Earth do you remember what they're all called?"
"I'm shocked you're not!"
"Bout to cuddle up in my bed with my popcorns. Order The Vow on Directv Cinema and relax! 😊"
"Aint Talked To Eric Sense 12 Time To Get The CUTTING!"
"I;m coming to OSU this weekend."
"White people thing, yeah RT : lmfaoo did that really happen ?"
"2 NYC# high school# or college# internships#. Famous Real Estate Development and management group.Contact;"
"This headache can go away any time now..."
"First female jockey to win the Kentucky oaks!"
"Follow me back plz?=)"
"tomarrow my first choir porformance.......i am soooooosooooosoooosooooosoooosooososososososososososososoooosooosooosoosooosoosooosooo scared"
"Quite frankly, I don't give a damn."
"Ever tried Nomadic Ethiopian food? We're bringing in Radio Africa & Kitchen on Thursday. Come have a bite with us!"
"thanks, that's the sort of literal-mindedness we encourage in our readers."
"Poll irresponsible teenagers about their views on sex and drugs and use that model for the rest .Wouldn't that be great? UNRAVEL"
"did you buy your Gold Cup tickets yet? There's still time and just a few tickets left!"
"take an additional 20% off all red tag shoes!!!! that's right come on in to city gear 4443 cane run road"
"It's going to be summer today in Boston. Good luck to the marathon runners."
"Not going to lie. I cheered on the conf call when I heard was going to DJ Dell's NBMBAA VIP event."
"No good #AprilFools pranks today? Guess I need to venture out from #ghosts and #paranormal more often..."
"thats crazy , ima hold out i think"
"Boppas gonna be thick in Beamers tonight cuz gonna be in the house!"
"Dag nabbit! You are going to miss the new song! :p"
"Proud of you man....You didnt quit and stayed strong...People gonna see whats up come Jan....."
"Is anyone affected yet by the storms?"
"the fact that never texts me anymore <<<<"
"Yes of course! Glad to see you tweeting, enjoy your day! :)"
"Crazy Mary gig TONIGHT 11/11 at Trash Bar 256 Grand st., Brooklyn"
"it was nice to meet you."
"Yes those good old days when I had nothing to worry about but boy bands. LOL"
"Thanks for following"
"It comes on Fridays @ 9 on the CW. It's in it's 6 season & they say that Alona might be returning this season we gotta see. :)"
"what you think!!!!"
"play me KristenHH"
"easter bunny comes tonight!"
"That is very sweet. Is he not coming inside your house?"
"I'm looking for an article on fasting... You know, in case one of you wonderful peeps happens to have just read one."
"All of em? Damn. I'm a beast."
"precisely the point!"
"I think the boyz just get more attractive everyday....."
"Beat St. Thomas!"
"RT : Want 2 make #Greek yogurt at home? Here's how. Thnx"
"1st of all you're a bitch, and 2nd of all you're a bitch."
"great. now i want second dinner. is that even a thing?"
"Whenever we say \"reservation for Pachino\" the guy always double checks to see if Al Pacino is a member of our party."
"what's scary about the neighborhood is that I didn't even think to ask?...lol!!"
"Chill Frozen Yogurt > Orange Leaf"
"do it friends > RT : I'll be Djing VIP Club Zone Times: 9pm to 1:30am tweet me for promo-code for few bucks off"
"I'm blaine, and i don't do shit but sleep and go to shows <3"
"Did you know a certain restaurant in #Denver has been offering specials for mentioning their tweets lately?"
"Dance away! RT \"Goodies\" is playing at - I was told not to dance at the dinner table but I just can't help this."
"I love you so much! <3"
"u said u was good for fri? but yea tomorrow"
"Enjoying the tedious task of biding sales presentations..."
"I have never had a mint julep."
"What an awesome Easter morning. Great worship time, great preaching but best of all the altars were full with new salvations."
"Hungary but all am chewing on is gum"
"I only bat my eye lashes at guys when I want a drink and I'm on a plane."
"Mitt sat in his church & had his kids baptized there?\": : LDS CULT leader sex w/young girls? If you call out Rev.Wright,"
"\"The more that u read, the more things u will know. The more that u learn, the more places you'll go.\" -Dr. Seuss. What books r u reading?"
"Lawton, Torii, LaTroy and JJ eating a nice dinner together? Sounds like the dream I had last night. Minus Billy Dee Williams and a WS trophy"
"Haha, that would be great!"
"Aloha!! [: I Wish I Can Put Flowers On Words !!"
"Bondo needed again to fix the track if this crazy 500 makes 40 more laps. Driver diaspora under red flag!"
"i know right ! haha that tweet took me like 10 minutes..."
"Thanks for the tweet Jeff!"
"I'm excited!"
"be faking"
"Lol at this weak sauce nigga hopping in my mentions. I bet he's one of the guys that JUST get to eat the puss cuz he's offended"
"LOVE! That made my day that you just finished the words<3 what a powerful song! Love you girl! (:"
"Not everybody looks good with long hair, Get over that craze."
"I'm gonna need one of those when I get in :)"
"I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!(:"
"aw dam! fell asleep on me..now whos ganna entertain me..haha"
"I just caught my puppy staring at one of my posters... is it possible for dogs to be simpsonizers? haha:D"
"it's going good! This is my fifth week, I'm following a 24 wk training plan"
"Your in fucking high school act like it"
"Drinking Baking Soda for Health | Improving Your Health"
"Dats if I don't fall asleep :/"
"Don't want too much ballast -- wanna be able to \"fishtail\" this baby!"
"It's because of criminal minds & SVU that I'm petrified when I'm alone 😨"
"Follow us on Facebook too at www.Facebook.com/SanSuKoreanBBQ"
"And your brain thanks you for this."
"Just gettin.outta work"
"We worked hard today in #JOUR1550 and and I only have a little left to do and put that Weebly page together!"
"A-ha moment of the day... #Acting is knowing your comfort zone, extending beyond it, and taking risks to experience a different part of you."
"We hope so too -- but we doubt it. They work at a hoity toity institution, so their self-inflation is up by 50%."
"Live in LA? Looking for on-air talent, videographers, video editors to join a dynamic team. Global? We want your shows or ideas. Msg me. : )"
"Ha! That's a good one! They are pretty cocky like that."
"Thanks Michelle! I'm excited... two passions; food and healing"
"I don't really understand what to do with Klout."
"\": Before Twitter ---> Facebook. Before Facebook ---> Myspace. Before Myspace ---> Life\""
"Another long night in the studio last night with Earl Jones and Keith Beatz"
"Looking forward to catching up again later this month. Thanks for sending the boxing video. Big Eagles game tonight!"
"I won a six-month subscription to Daegan Smith's Maximum Leverage site. Thanks to everyone for your support!"
"is that recent? Are you growing out your hair? Looks longer than I remember."
"Not only that; YOU are appreciated :-) Thanks for the well wishes. Have a fabulous day yourself!"
"school is going good! a lot of work and track is keeping me busy so i don't have much of a life during the season...hbu?!"
"Sorry. It's the web service not recognizing that code. Paste this into Spotify's search: spotify:track:5f6igUw1asUL4AGXSvgTW8"
"so sorry to hear that."
"Consider three important system principles: \"1) You don't get what you expect. You get what you inspect. 2) When you deal in..."
"ActorStuff: You don't need to sound like anybody except yourself."
"It's official, you're part of the family! RT : - #WldflwrDesigns is on page 57 of the yearbook."
"I am So _____________ right now"
"muthafuckas dnt wash up either bro, get yo itchy booty ass away from me wit dat"
"\"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, Live the life you have imagined!\" TGIF Have A Great Day!"
"I take it you went to the concert last night?"
"RT : Come support me + my art this Sat and have a great time-- Tons of other things to enjoy as well."
"So much fun! Happy to be a part of it. G did an awesome job!!"
"agreed! “: #Browns have to at least kick tires on Flynn. If they could resolve QB while leaving their draft picks intact"
"Sadly, I miss the singing when it doesn't happen, so you are in no danger there."
"GOD I HATE HAPPY PEOPLE IN LOVE."
"doesnt love me =(, he doesnt follow me or RT any of my tweets, im sad =( I*LOVE*JB<3"
"Queen in Montreal concert was on last night"
"All is well here. Hope the same for you."
"Leaving for the 2nd show soon!"
"I have texted you!"
"I raise utg, gets 3bet, I 4bet jam with AKdd, get called by KK, flop 6d2s4d, brick, brick and I'm out, suck 2 be me =\"
"now you've gotta go to the bookstore and get all the graphic novels to answer all the unanswered questions you might have."
"Definetly there for the taking...Does make one wonder with the advent of apps streetbump if there isn't an opening there.."
"you brought this wave on, didn't you?"
"RT : Don't be afraid of opposition; remember, a kite rises against, not with, the wind - Hamilton W Mabie"
"miss you too"
"oh I thought you were because it's the Sixers."
"If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. -Mark Twain"
"I ❤ You babe!! You take my breath away everyday and I cant stand being away from you."
"Profile pictures giving the middle-fingers..."
"GODDAMN YOU, FIESTA! WELL FUCKING PLAYED."
"Feeling super positive and good today! Im in love. God is the greatest!"
"Good night!!"
"what happened?"
"I miss my truck it is like a kid to me other words I miss my kid :("
"No prob! I will b dere again!!!"
"thx for the tweet, !"
"Artists that sign with record companies can see profit margins greatly decreased!"
"Lets chill and kick it tonight got a couple cases hmu"
"Man I am ready to start development of Loft 401 Condominiums (www.loft401.com)........anyone iknterested?"
"are you related to anyone named Helen?"
"I hate when people are pissy and they take it out on me"
"go one and out of the playoffs next 4 years or rebuild a franchise. Who's the real fan?"
"You know that feeling when you wanna lock yourself in your room?"
"OMG....hahaha dude....don't get stabbed friend...."
"I love you and follow me!"
"Thanks for the s/o"
"youngest daughter (Chrissy) on Growing Pains. No, really."
"shorty you a dime why you looking lonely"
"Pathetic pathetic pathetic"
"Good Luck to Salisbury University football this weekend! Safe journey!"
"follow me on this one not that one"
"I'm feeling like a star. You can't stop my shine. I'm ridin' solo"
"Great night"
"Shout out to all my new follows! Have a blessed day!"
"getting skinnier, loosing teeth... I saw a poster in the counselors office about this once."
"Now only 39!"
"Second half is underway. US is down 0-1 to Canada."
"<------ the best in Houston or mo city...lol"
"RT \" is this one a 3-leaf?\" #retardquotes \" ....yep im stupid."
"Why do people use photos of their kids for profile pics on Facebook, but not so much on twitter? #Random Also, please don't start. Thanks"
"And the outrage toward the NFL yesterday regarding Seau feels hollow when there was also so much outrage about the Saints suspensions."
"You realize you are giving links to the spammers in your blog posts. It's the best PR they can get. Hope you nofollow them"
"Someone already won. Sorry"
"Exactly! The guy said he knew an English teacher doing it successfully and seemed surprised it worked."
"I love protein shakes. They support my stance cooking control."
"yes yes yes"
"Wow you were wrong on this prediction Rome."
"lolol. He's white."
"I wish that there was an H&M near. *sighs*"
"Slap a muff"
"i need to tlk...holdin shit in done caught up with me"
"Bo Jackson and the NFL Combine would of been heaven."
"My nuts hang like it aint no curfew"
"thanks 4 the"
"I miss u in class today :,("
"was curious if it had anything to do w/ Investing or Real Estate?"
"Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut. Put the pressure on 'em just when they think that I eased up."
"actually it was probably a good thing you couldn't answer.."
"If the Yankees got damaged goods in the Montero deal, wouldn't it be on the Yankees \"doctors\" and not Cashman? They get physicals, no?"
"Just got done with track today did weightlifting . slo tired ."
"Have a very merry Domo Christmas!!!!"
"\"We will forgive them all, absolving all the world from what we thought it did to us. For it is we who make the world as we would have it.\""
"Ditto! RT : Love being part of your community, - great blog!"
"10 sets of 25 dips, 25 pull ups, and 25 push ups... Damn I love the burn."
"Impatience never commanded success. - Edwin H. Chapin"
"Sometimes life is no bueno."
"My cuz over in Japan playin B- ball .Thankful that he's 10 hours away from the catastrophe praying 4 those who are affected."
"Big ups to - named NLL's Offensive Player of Week ... and - named NLL's Rookie of the Week."
"remember when she dated justin guarini? lol"
"I read that telegram :D"
"TGIF! Only a few more days until the semester is over ....."
"i would bieber bitch slap him ."
"I do! ¦ \": Who gives a shit about the #1940Census\""
"your tweets are rated 'R' today lol"
"bout to make that pantie dropping music"
"No music just wanna hear the ...,,,"
"My heart caves in when I look at you."
"RT #Deep RT : Is one supposed 2 add Sriracha 2 food or food to Sriracha? 1 of life's great mysteries // :)"
"May we have the toy group in the ring please?!"
"Figuring out what to do this #longweekend? There's a #deal on Tickets for Blood, Sweat & the Disco @ The Loft on www.Shastic.com"
"Does anyone else out there have their picture books shelved in bins? And if so, how do you keep patrons from dumping any old book into them?"
"Sorry, we are referring to a live cameo by a living, eminent composer, not the Beethoven bust! Look closely."
"By attuning to the Self within your entire range of desires pertaining to the body mind and intellect disappears. You reach human Perfection"
"HAHAHAHAHA, love it"
"I'm not sure but whatever it is its working great!"
"Nothing I love more than seeing two AMAZING people in love. Share it."
"Looking at instrument today new miczz"
"When I hear anything to do with One direction I always jump in"
"Washington governor signs pilotage bill easing access for large boats into region."
"That last RT fits her so f'cken perfectly :|"
"surprisingly it is the shitty fucking weather. 105 degrees and 19% humidity! Who can live in this? I want out!"
"Congratualtions to Tori Miller and Amy Sullinger for being selected as the 2010 Indiana County Fair Queen and Alternate Fair Queen."
"Got up just to walk Alicia and Sarah to the bus stop. I'm a good friend."
"Heading to austin for"
"Any man that eats regularly at Tender Greens probably has a tender asshole from being fucked in it."
"I have 4 tomorrow. Well, 3 + 1 CB. Im seeing about 50/50 union / non-union. We all win :)"
"Hey #OO people - teargassed yesterday? I would love to talk to you for a piece on police tactics:"
"As a small business owner in Madison WI, I oppose SOPA and PIPA. They are nuclear threat to Small Businesses."
"Maybe it was something more like sarcasm. My mistake."
"Hey D, thanks for the timely tweet, I completely forgot it was starting tonight. Caught most all of it, gonna be a fun season."
"I still believe in , but any more than 3 losses next year, & he'll have failed to move the ball far enough downfield."
"getting up nice and early tomorrow to temporarily dye my hair. I hate doing that, but I need a little summer change!"
"I love you. And your partially bald head!"
"Why is it so cold."
"Rocks, natural bridge... Not a bad day at all with"
"Beastie Boys I believe"
"Correction: The performers were from New Mt. Zion Baptist Church."
". 's drummer looks like From \"Chuck.\" So you see, it comes full circle."
"RT : Having a conversation about trust// Had that earlier fam 2day, :-/ lol"
"Bout to head to for tonights show w/firststreetheat! Show starts @ 10ish! Come show us some Cinci non-sense and get down!"
"Every one please give my wife a follow"
"Going to visit the medical library at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center today"
"Entire new menu at the front page!! check it out! www.frontpagerestaurant.com"
"G'morning great people!! Go be great today! Lol..back to this music"
"merchandise from this korean band I really like :3 hehe"
"That is so UNFAIR ! Non-Autistic juries convict Autistics more often, too."
"Making great progress on the literature review for my prospectus. It feels really good when the ideas flow."
"I miss you too !"
"hi Gavin, thx for sharing my tweet! Cheers!"
"Smiling like an idot(';"
"\"Dude, foreal I could shop at kids footlocker\""
"What? You like baseball and musicals? lol"
"Wow i am so tried, but i slept an hour earlier last night :/ thanks goodness i don't have a class today."
"JaniceLachance: Lovely stay at Nottoway plantation last night. Great way to decompress from"
"RT : Saddened by sudden passing of Peter Berghammer. A nice man with a ton of knowledge that he was kind in sharing."
"felt that yesterday in MI. RT Based on the heat index in Atlanta, I fear the apocalypse is upon us."
"#NoAss is a good thing if: 1. You're in prison. 2. You're a fat chick's thong. 3. You're a fat guy's underwear. 4. You're a toilet."
"Access granted! All moved and stoked!"
"All sorts of interesting questions today! Wording order in hospital codes, Dieulafoy's lesions, videotaping in the delivery room..."
"No problem. Glad I could help. It was a lifesaver for us too with our first. Second didn't care much for it."
"Cool! RT we are about to be BESTIES! LK is moving to the 'Haven in 2 weeks!"
"Wish it was next Monday"
"Because of #CelebrityApprentice, you've gained another fan! Good Luck!"
"The Cobb Wrap - delicious! RT : Better late than never! What did you have today, Adam?"
"I think im the only one on the road"
"Dang ma legs feel super smooth today!"
"Glad to hear life is treating you well! Cheers!"
"lol there locked up to?"
"good morning :)"
"oh yeah, things and stuff I guess, but I'll be fine... besides this damn phone is having so many problems right now anyways..."
"Switch flipped: UWO biodigester producing energy"
"I'm a grammar nut. Except Twitter makes me slip sometimes...as does autocorrect. The road to hell is paved with Tweets."
"Thanks for following us!"
"So will he sign an executive order to stop the deportation of US Veterans? If not it's just cheap talk!"
"NYT/WSJ/NPR all report Chen being offered 'same as any citizen' options as positive. Seems a clear rejection of special diplomatic status."
"My biology teacher sucks and I really want to go off on her"
"I really like Dr. Kalish @ Deep River Family Med... Right around the corner from the office."
"😄😃😉😜😝😏 RT : My mama sending me to West Memphis.... By myself. Lawwwwd, what trouble must I get in? 😉"
"Hear you on the work-front. Your family rocks though for giving you your very own day to be honored separate from Hallmark bs."
"Watched the first three episodes last weekend. So good! Trying to pace myself"
"But then Klout would be biased towards Facebook when its supposed to capture overall social media impact. Am I wrong?"
"have gone from 5th in NL fielding % in 2009 to 14th this year. Id say they are sliding the wrong direction under \"fundamentals\" Jim"
"just some word i started saying:)"
"I hope never to be as stupid as the people who would act on Betty White's endorsement."
"lucky! Me and and mackenzie are practicing right after school tm i totally keep blanking out on the motions"
"Not even gonna lie , I'm fun as hell to chill with . Lol"
"This week, I'm getting it all the way together: writing, running & reading the Word."
"Ah hello sister, you don't wanna talk to me? “: u fit that description well bro”"
"Thank you for your support!!"
"#NowReading: A Monument to Good Intentions: The Story of the MD Penitentiary, 1804-1995 by Wallace Shugg. #MdHSPress!"
"My left hand has been hurting really bad lately  what if I have arthritis"
"Thnx for the follow, I pray you accomplish anything you set out to accomplish..."
"that does not surprise me :-)"
"Happy New Year - Here's to a successful and rewarding 365 days!"
"Carl DeMaio brought his visual aid. (muffled snickers in the crowd) He was slapped by moderator: no more props. Ouch!"
"The odd moment you realize your shoulder hurts because of the shotgun you were using the day before."
"No problem! Loved Caravan & B2B and this just builds on that! Can't wait! Glad to hear full 7 min edit & see TBD tour dates too!"
"Apparently the \"Hug a Dad\" shirt is a big hit at Tire Kingdom. Happy Fathers Day to me. Seriously, it's been my pleasure greasy old man."
"You're right. I won't give up."
"Happy Birthday! Thanks for a great season!"
"[making mental note to retweet this in six months...]"
"Top of the East. Proud of the"
"“: Who are you to tell me to stop smoking?”"
"do you see Ed Carpenter being strong like always at Indy?"
"I am in Indy. I'm at the Baymont on Brookville, love."
"I see you chicks checking out your own asses in the mirror at the gym."
"You know he loves you. Why do you act like he doesn't?"
"TGIF!! Fish Fry Friday at \"The Mad\" Tonight...Beer-Battered Pacific Rock Fish / Crispy Fries / House-Made Tartar = De-Lish!!!"
"tired finally its friday :D 3 days of school felt like forever ><"
"Nice to see at #nascio11a. I don't agree with all of his opinions but admire his candor and thoughtfulness on"
"please define outclassed... Last time I checked #Lebron has no class!"
"That's awesome. I hope that something works out for you soon."
"I love this post!! Makes my heart smile!"
"check your email woman!"
"I made an instagram & I already forgot my username"
"It won't impact the play on the ice, but its going to be rather amusing seeing Rangers goals cheered in an ECF game regardless of the venue."
"so now... I'm overwhelemed with exitement over . imagine how 's heart must be beating out of his chest."
"Freedom is like a hit of acid: Some people can handle it and some people lose thier shit and attack an embassy."
"Hopefully seeing Green River Ordinance in concert APRIL 12!!!!!!"
"nice! Glad you liked it! What CF did you go to?"
"can I cumulative!"
"Good morning from the Front Range! Perfect #Colorado weather for start of #coleg #specialsession & hrgs for #civilunions!"
"We do this shit. I thought I told you hoe. Check out the Welcome to Heartbreak Remix coming soon. Ayooo Wuddup witta collab?"
"Head down to the #firestonedistrict. It's happy hour and !!!"
"Get schooled - our Education Innovation Report is out! Topics: arts education matters + the skills grads really need."
"#iWillNeverTrust someone that doesn't pay back when they said they were going to.."
"Rj Lieferman I'm so proud of you"
"Hi Kev! Follow me back please! Remember: IT IS KEVEMBER! :)"
"Amazing artist created a rad design that all of us are stoked to share with you! Arriving soon from Gulu!"
"Congrats to ! Fear not, Pops followers, we'll be giving CDs away for the next 2 weeks! :)"
"How are you Niall? (:"
"too many girls want attention, and not respect"
"Had a great time at last night. It was great to see the always radiant as well. Can't wait for next month!"
"This has been a very hard few months for me but I still thank God for allowing me the opportunity to move forward with my purpose~BAMM"
"Sometimes, I just don't know"
"Hey! It was good, not great. Kind of cliche'd nowadays. I'm reading The Left Hand of Darkness now!"
"Nice, how'd it go?"
"its all good though"
"Yep. (Prepare for an offer to DM VZN customer svc an explanation of your troubles--except they don't follow you, so you can't.)"
"that's a good way to think :)"
"\"The reason women don't play football is because eleven of them would never wear the same outfit in public.\" ~Phyllis Diller"
"ayee gimmie a call my parents are not home :) 3048540522 only this one time kk??"
"Sweatshirt + yoga pants ="
"I shocked that didn't fall or hurt himself great job"
"Drop his ass Miguel."
"only me."
"Yay for a great night!!!"
"tell them Tim tebow supports president Obama"
"Hey publicists and artists that RT every single mention - You're doing it wrong. STOP."
"#kids Preschool Storytime Central Library at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Preschool storytime will engage young children..."
"Thank you to everyone that attended the #GPPCMA meeting today and to our sponsor"
"I've had better mornings"
"I am"
"Tell Kuhn to get on twitter!"
"HOME ALONE"
"lol u believed us lol get ur ass here I still wanna do ur nails"
"I think the #HEAT can still get to the finals without bosh. If #LeBron keeps playing the way he is. Big day tomorrow for heat fans! #KO time"
"Real nigga say word he aint nevva told no lie(:"
"I love coming home and smelling like him <3 I'm so ready to go to my grandmas and eat (:"
"Just saw the JobOpps email. CONGRATS!! So proud of my fellow alum."
"Gotta get my bball game going. Simply ain't playing up to par right now!!"
"SCANNER: 4-car crash on southbound 225 just south of I-70. At least one car disabled. Rescuers en route."
"i do"
"\"If he is dreaming, then he must be asleep. And if he is asleep, then I will wake him up!\""
"A smile is a language everyone should learn how to speak.:) BBBeliebers? Are ya out there?Well if YOUU happen to be out there click FOLLOW<3"
"A ton of writing to do this week and most of it pays $ !"
"Happy B Day to the big homie"
"dear bugs: I know I'm dirty and all but please get away from me."
"That's cool, directing is a pretty big undertaking. But again, so is a novel... I couldn't write one, so it's cool you are."
"About to finish a shirt design for !! Should i post it up?? or Should i wait?? hm.."
"Finally digging into #designingForEmotion - - I have a strong affinity for AMC Pacers - so there!"
"What did I miss today? Why does everyone care if the Yahoo CEO had a CS degree. I had forgotten yahoo was still around."
"\"our company is 160 years old\" that's just a little bit older than chamber!"
"G.M.N.I.: The lyrics of her private song..composed of sighs & silent moans. Live recording..light is on..rehearsal for tonight is long."
"these are beautiful!"
"At least the Caps won!"
"You knw wat its ok to say they can't stop me, why not ,I have a point to prove. Understand the nature of the game"
"Studio this weekend im getting better and better cant wait til yall hear wait I been working on"
"So does anybody wanna take me to playlist live? :D"
"Jealous! I just finished Day 2..."
"Hello twitter people! What is happening in the first few minutes of Wednesday (EST)?"
"#thatawkwardmoment when your phone changes itself from silent to ring at work and everyone gets treated to some late afternoon Hairspray."
"laying down. Going to get dinner with the mom and Tyler. :-)"
"Ok, I admit it, I take Performance Enhancing Drugs. They are Diet Dr. Pepper, poppy seed bagels, and V. Often all at the same time."
"And by Gary I mean"
"yes and no.. i dont wanna put his biz on twitter"
"Ah finally fixed my desk! Sometimes you just gotta bust out a screwdriver and get crafty."
"Watching wrestling documentaries with"
"Lightning around stay put. Safe inside more deaths from lightning in our area than hail or winds"
"Wanted to get back out for a #D2L cocktail but the storm is gently suggesting I stay in. Anyone in the actual hotel bar(s)?"
"In Dallas for Super Bowl! Yeehaw !"
"My republican chef has banned political discussion in the kitchen today. He's in the minority here btw- Y do these guys all behave the same?"
"message me!"
"Weekend promotion: type in \"RECYCLE\" at checkout and receive 50% off your online order. Offer expires at midnight."
"lloooong day, got to meet my personal trainer today :) wish i had more free sessions because it was worth it !"
"idk i feel like its soon though ill let you know"
"Hey hun, thanks for the #Toronto Love! Looking forward to connecting."
"If I'm late to class because of your ass, it's gonna be your ass"
"I'm learning photography for/at work!! Shooting with a Canon DSLR- any beginner's sites or books you recommend?"
"Haha it's just the way my work schedule worked out this week."
"Dear Dominos, If you say your pizza's are \"NOW MADE WITH REAL CHEESE!\" Then what the heck was it before? Sincerely, Everyone."
"This is the first time I have opened my laptop since 11:30 PM on Saturday. I needed a break from work and my laptop for a day!"
"So I saw that lubbocks nude maid service made jay leno & the world news but can they at least get cuter girls! Gah!"
"nice to meet your ugly ass sweater this weekend."
"The Bible is trucked full of lifecoaches that are free; and you really don't need a lifecoach that isn't the holyghost"
"I thought that pool looked familiar! Nice job!"
"Myles: \"what if cows eat weed...? \"the stakes will be high\" Ryan: 1 Myles: 0"
"I'm pretty sure today is going to be one long slow jam. I can tell by the fact that I want to do the backwards running man in slo-mo."
"Spoke to lawyer today who said to get job in his firm as paralegal, have to be a lawyer. Guess there's no hope for a lowly college graduate."
"A clean vision, supported by distinct plans, gives you an amazing feeling of confidence and personal power."
"Definitely a winner. Sweating obviously equates smokin hot."
"also = happy kids."
"hello stranger"
"Drinking Black Label 12 yr. For free!!!!"
"Yes. I am."
"If you haven't tried our Tonno Tuna sandwich yet, you are missing out. Lemon vinaigrette, black olive tapanade, provolone & cucumbers"
"LOL hmm I'm trying to figure it out lol... hopefully I won't get too distracted -_-"
"You are ALL beautiful!"
"The baddest has cleared the air with some but others are just stubborn."
"I use to fear my future but now I dread my adolesence."
"Who you pulling for in the Belk Bowl? I'm behind Loui...I like birds. PS, what is Belk?"
"Life's goes on and so do you."
"big John's da man"
"Bauerlein says average teen sends 3,500 texts/month. What?!"
"Planning a summer #wedding? It's not too late to schedule your free consultation. Call us today!"
"Good look for taken the time to listen mang... I produce all my tracks also.."
"HA. me too , lucky people all famous and stuff :p"
"haha we got \"good to be bad\" on iTunes and stuff on the YouTube channel!"
"Another selfmade #JerZday - miss y'all -"
"Staying home this weekend to watch BigTimeMovie! with #Boybands<3"
"'cuz libertarians are driving the conversation RT Why should libertarians ally themselves with conservatives?"
"Double by Tulowitzki brings in 2 for the Rockies. Someone needs to teach AJ Ellis how to block the plate. LA 1 COL 3"
"The Midwest Showcase will most likely be in August this year. Will the Lou be represented at camp?"
"I just wouldn't undertsand philosophically bringing in such a small center as Hudson after all this talk of getting bigger."
"and just wanted to thank you for your brilliant ideas!"
"Live in the NOW and stop waiting for something better to come in the future. What do you have in your life, right now, to be thankful for?"
"Testing testing..."
"Hear hear! RT : It's a beautiful day to write about objects!"
"Have I ever told you how much I love Kula Shaker?"
"where were you supposed to travel? i'm sorry iceland ruined vacation plans."
"Be so good they can't ignore you.-Steve Martin"
"um don't know is what true??"
"im dropping out. tomorrow"
"Stay Strong <3"
"Ouch. No, seriously- ouch. LOL"
"The most important part of the story is the ending"
"RT : It's time for #MaryMary! RT if you are watching :)"
"Thanks, it's going great!"
"that's a bet if y'all need me just holla"
"haha sorry! EVERYONE no longer exists. :)"
"I have to keep myself in a position to make decisions based on my best interests."
"Dale Hunter made it seem as if though his time as a NHL coach, present and future, is over."
"Wowzers! Hopefully, he won't have a reality show detailing his campaign."
"We hope you all have an amazing weekend wherever you are! Any fun plans?"
"what was the other photo of?"
"chillin my boy....what's good your way"
"On my way up to for the LUJE Gil Evans concert! Good luck to LUJE and !"
"that means auto-tune should be illegal for singers"
"My mother always told me if you cant say anything nice, dont say anything at all...and some people wonder why I'm so quiet around them. Hmm"
"I love Joey Votto."
"Same to you! You're recognized as an expert! I mean... pundit. lol"
"Its an all night party that we're getting into. If you think it's all over than the joke is on you!"
"Everything that they do they tried 1st in Wisc. #LtGovKleefisch #PigSly\": RT : attacking motherhood and cancer"
"this is my hat now. This is totally my hat."
"Blowing smoke at da sun..."
"“: Ive met some cool people but are awesome! And i haven't even met them...yet! #amazingmusic amazingpeople” ;)"
"A simple Copy-Paste will do!"
"Appreciate them either way. That's what makes em family anyways"
"Mom:\"Aww your so cute. Whatcha doing? Wanna go outside?\" Me:\"Mom, the dog can't understand you\"..."
"while ur taking a day off someone else is getting better"
"I just saw it in its entirety for the first time last year..."
"It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money.It is the customer who pays the wages. ---- Henry Ford"
"JOB INTERVIEW WEDNESDAY.!!! 🙏 thank you"
"I'm getting on my flight from Bogota this morning & connecting in Orlando... I'll visit some friends for a few since the layover is so long."
"very inspiring talk from at"
"Love that!"
"mine was great too! Thanks"
"Awesome day dancers! Competition hair&makeup looked GREAT & costumes really brought the dances 2 life! 1st competition, less than 2 weeks!"
"Hahaha just got bumped to actor!!"
"lol preach it with ya OG ass"
"Best wishes to you and your family in Tampa! I'll catch up with you on your new handle."
"woops! - typing too fast. thanx for the follow!"
"RT : RT : these new pics u sent me goin START A RIOT"
"A Bible"
"yeah; between the blinding agony in my spine, #TheWalkingDead & #Spartacus, I haven't been doing a lot of sleeping lately ;-)"
"\"Every person who has mastered a profession is a skeptic concerning it.\" ~George Bernard Shaw"
"“: Don't worry buddy, just checked the radar. Rain looks to be out within the hour!” -- thank the Lord!"
"There is one for every film."
"Dear parents, i Loveu"
"There's a link on that blog to the Twitter chat room -- you can see the interaction on it but tweets will go live on your profile."
"Ready to go..."
"No, dummy, I meant the marrying Jane thing"
"Not tryna spread feelings or none but. My dad is a worthless piece of shit. I wish he would return the things that aren't his and get out<\3"
"You pick me up just to push me down, you like me best when i'm on the ground."
"Make it a party! We offer spa parties for birthdays, wedding showers, or just a No-Occasion Girls’ Day :-)"
"I miss you :)"
"This storm is shaking my house like a damn earthquake"
"Big Bank take lil bank."
"Philly answers back but goal is under review for crease violation."
"Tweetchats are exhausting. It's like trying to have a conversation out a car window."
"that one was for u."
"Michelle Obama is the Belle of the Ball at Kennedy Center Honors When it comes to style, Michelle Obama rarely gets it wrong, and she abs"
"so sick and tired of being sick and tired"
"Its not too late to book a brewing appointment for this weekend! Call us! 412.906.9400"
"...Oh and Happy #SuperTuesday!"
"Churchill to Roosevelt: A serious difference between us would break my heart and deeply injure our countries during this terrible struggle."
"Yay it's basically the weekend :)"
"TY I did! GR8 Week to u all"
"miss u in the 305!"
"download that on fb ! 😊💜"
"Total Success!"
"The power of Ice coffee"
"RT FaceTagram? InstaBook? Whatever You Call It, All Your Photo Are Belong to Facebook (for $1 Billion)!"
"Yay Generals! “: Good luck to my alma mater, Rufus King, in the state basketball championship 2nite! Go Generals! ”"
"RocNation is Jay-z's management group that owns MMG"
"That's what the PR blast email says with his upcoming tour dates."
"Every child is gifted they just unwrapped their package at different times"
"I wonder what would happen if we never even met?"
"Sweet swing from Braun"
"FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW ANYBODY?"
"Heading out for lunch before tying the knot"
"RT : Respect is EARNED, never given. You have to earn your respect from me."
"Love is patient, kind, doesn't envy, cherish, believe, hope, and endure all things, LOVE NEVER FAILS."
"your welcome"
"I'm sure it will be!!!"
"me personally-i dont like questioning anything that I do in every aspect of my life but honestly in my opinion u r great @ both ;)"
"Happy Mother's Day to the best Mama in the whole wide world <3 :)"
"Great wins by the and the Goodnight."
"shout out to my girl she a fool wit it #follow her"
"i just met him yesterday through who i met briefly from :D i just make friends quick i guess :)"
"Don't ever forget what is worth remembering. Don't try to remember what is best forgotten."
"Yo that nigga' nice. I was fuckin' wit his lyrics yesterday after I saw some of his music videos."
"keep my thoughts to my self , I don't need no opinion."
"thank you, i really needed that today"
"Seeing lots of tweets today about when pitchers & catchers report for spring training. :) Almost here!"
"We are currently trying to get the site going as soon as we can, thanks for your patience. We are very excited to see all of the artwork"
"me too. See you soon."
"I dominated JV basketball in my senior year.."
"Rise against, rise up for what is right, stand alone, are you willing to try"
"ill do it then get back to you"
"awww so glad to be on again. haha(: well not alot has happened :p got my texting takin off my phone but got a date on friday(: super excited"
"Think I might just do that.. RT : beer run...."
"oh. My. God. Farley's fruit snacks! Thank you for that awesome blast from the past!"
"That's great! RT : Well done Steve. I've dropped 23kg in about the same time, diet and exercise = better life!"
"for a short time, nothing on the ground that I can see from my relative tornado safe basement/HQ/man cave/laundry room/tomb."
"Excellent to raise; I agree w/ Clare- in my field (bioanthro), small world; \"cited-now-blurbing\" at times inevitable"
"Sun is out in the U-Ridge area. Could these guys -- -- be so lucky"
"Currently writing the article RE: John 3:16. As the founder of the New Classical Scholarship, I am at a disadvantage conveying this info..."
"I always give her my scraps but shes so scared to take it, it take her like 5 minutes to come eat it"
"absolutely agree 100%"
"Okay I need One Direction to go on already! 😣 I'm getting impatient lol."
"This trick apparently dont know what she is doing.."
"i look forward to it. Saturday blackout by noon?"
"Psyched that is emceeing tonight's On Lok celebration!"
"Watching #Drive with the very talented ."
"Chipolte just ruined my crumb"
"“Sometimes skulls are thick. Sometimes hearts are vacant. Sometimes words don't work.”"
"My friend Sam is one of the best darn friends I have...and I've only known him for about a week or so. :)"
"everybody in hollywood is either getting pregnant or divorced!!!"
"I'm want to win #WWE12 Tonight I need it.."
"Hope you're having a good spring break! If you're not on spring break, I hope you're having a good week! Your friend and mascot, Shadow"
"Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours"
"so thank u so much for that. And I mean that from the bottom of my huge gay heart!"
"even if no one comes tomorrow, I will still be coming, because you guys rock me so hard."
"Great lunch! Nice mtg u as well. Follow again soon!"
"Get 20% OFF your or order by using the repcode \"Blaze1Up\" at the checkout!"
"Have to wear flipflops til I get my pumas back :C"
"You good my guy...what's goin on"
"Chicken noodle soup"
"YES, I am in Orange County today--and it does! How is the makeup business going, Lauren?"
"Kimberly's husband told her to make a list of things she wants and HE WILL PICK what she gets from it. What should be on the list?"
"who is hot chelle rae? dude on the right looks like younger"
"What a Friday! Who's doing something exciting this weekend?"
"sounds like a Harry Potter spell."
"warm vagina"
"I'm in Middletown!!"
"No really ... teach me how to dougie!"
"Hi, thanks for coming to the party !! Follow me back on here ! joey"
"Thanks for follow. REALTOR looking for good contractor in the Hemet area & a custom home builder in Valley Center, California."
"well hello there ;) HAHA"
"When do they back it down? At 100-0?"
"hello again to notepad++! finally getting to work after a week of pure leisure"
"Got my pepper steak!! ^_^"
"Thanks. Dude's being nasty, oh well, c'est la vie."
"RT All-Day Happy Hour every Monday. $3 Draft Beers, $3 Wells, $4 Wine, $4-5 Small Plate Specials. Happy Monday everyone."
"It feels like spring in Indiana! You would never know it's the middle of November!"
"hahaha! I know I should! When have you ever been a little schemer trying to pull one over on me? Uh huh..never! ;)"
"I'd say imma pro."
"\": depending on my mood, I may work in the pantry today.\" Word. Bring it!"
"Jingshen is the Mandarin word for spirit and vivacity"
"Damn, that's horrible. Lol."
"likewise, and thank you for your kind words."
"Just tried to call from a party bus. Yeah, that didn't work out."
"Now: Imagining Class in America and American Studies -- packed room!"
"Lol totally used to do this! “: Faking the date on your homework so it doesn't look like you did it last minute. #funnyfacts”"
"Thank you for being brave enough to be the 1st President in U.S. history to speak in favor of same sex marriage. #BRAVO!"
"Fair enough. Who am I to question..."
"How you telling me what I know!!!"
"Blackberry battery getting low , ipod battery low. So finna think bout somethings and fall asleep!"
"Computing Fundamentals class right now = WHAT THE FCKN FCK!?"
"When dreams make you miss people"
"Make today your best day ever!"
"Did you tweet about show? I don't see it. What's the best way for me to know about your shows?"
"> Don't be hatin' on the moon. It's got a lot of pull."
"Where is lol"
"Thanks for following(: <3"
"So don't forget me when he doesn't treat you the same, don't bother calling when you realize you've made a mistake."
"Made veggie soup for this rainy day"
"You having your breast out every episode is degrading to women."
"yup. Which one do you like? I have redlaser"
"or do you think they might be defective and i should return them for another pair?"
"Sarah Palin teams up with Sisqo to record an R & B tune about herself--- \"The Wrong Song\" (wrong wr-wrong wrong wrong...)"
"Happy Easter Family friends....Cuz We All Family n Friends!!!!"
"good choice on the slate ;)"
"Portland Winterhawks force a game 7. These young men just don't know the word quit. So fun to watch. Go Hawks !!!"
"Hows everyone doing to day?"
"Went to Starbucks and wanted to order then they said sorry we have no more ice . My heart literaally dropped ! ;("
"I told my aunties happy mothers day nd I love you nd all they said was thanks. Smh I see"
"Alex's brother called the melting pot the dipping cup. Lol"
"Did you know that it costs 1,500 times more for a paralegal to find an email in backup storage than it does to store it there?"
"#LastTimeIChecked I ran the show around here."
"The video name for VBS- Return of Brittnay-nay and Say-Say"
"THANKS FOR INVITING ME"
"sounding rockets ...Nathan's fav. Wish he were up to watch :("
"New server's up. First things first: alias rm='rm -i' alias cp='cp -i' alias mv='mv -i' followed by set -o vi"
"Myspace has less than 20 million users, bought for $580 million in 2005, can't even sell it for $100 mil. Facebk has over 700 mil people"
"why does MTV insist on keeping Russell Brand relevant?"
"who said we don't help? we already helped a lot of beliebers who didn't have the MWT on their country.. +"
"He grew a nasty mustache, I know that!"
"Goodnight...hopin she hit me wit dat good mornin txt..make my day!!!!"
"Costa is the man!"
"Thinking of turning my garage into a gallery space. Cocktails and nibbly things served monthly."
"- if I ever have kids, we're watching adventure shows like Duck Tales and Phineas and Ferb."
"Congrats at the VMAs tonight!!!!!! You definatley deserved it!!! Proud to be a #belieber<3 Love and support u ALWAYS!!!!!<333"
"The dark color looks amazing on you! Do it!"
"Please follow me? :D"
"What to do when you are waiting on co-workers? Find something else to do and then wait on someone else."
"At Philly in Week 2 will be tough for #Ravens. Michael Vick should be healthy early in the season, matchup nightmare when 100 percent"
": sorry 4 the delayed reply! I'd recommend buying memberships to some key clients' Museums. Projects going well! How about you?"
"5:55. Self evaluation & reflection time."
"I can not wait to see the concert! ;)"
"Happy convertible season! Did you know we have over 50 convertibles between our 3 locations?"
"thanks man, great win. Is that Whiz Khalifa singing about the Steelers and Pens? Haha"
"Very nice."
"Starting your new book The Hammer and The Blade for review soon, looking forward to it! Sounds awesome."
"Not a good way to start the job, huh?! RT : New nanny. First day. 30 minutes late."
"I'm an mpeg fetishist."
"Do your Marketing Technology Tools talk to each other?"
"I can't wait!"
"I gotta go on the air in :30 and I'm laughing too hard to talk!"
"Please see announcements on Webcampus for the additional extra credit site mentioned in class. U can earn up to 15 pts total EC"
"I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!"
"How many \"Real Fans\" do you have? How many would travel at least 200 miles and pay to see you perform?"
"Our talents are the gift that God gives to us… What we make of our talents …"
"159 of Natural Balance fans like Dunkin' Donuts...LOL!"
"So she socializes better with ghosts? Like Temple Grandin with animals? Just wondering. Very interesting..."
"Ra.One breaks all box office records: Weekend collections of Rs. 170 crore worldwide"
"Saw \"John Carter\" last nite, it's a shame no one else has, it's a good movie + you see how everyone else has ripped off Edgar Rice Burroughs"
"yeah, I'm definitely following you now. Let the amazing-ness begin."
"film for Kellogg foundation"
"Motorcycle ministry For Abused Children: www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com"
"Thanks for your presentation at GBS! You and Rick were great! Your story was very powerful for me. My Soul Purpose is clear!"
"Best use of keynote transitions award goes to"
"looks like it'll be a hot and muggy race for the gasparilla #run tomorrow"
"Funny how left the part about trashing him 1st out of her communications to her supporters. Fact Check."
"then you could never be my boyfriend. That's my biggest pet peeve! I hate not getting a goodnight message."
"Phew! Paul Broun enlightened middle class on how to spend less. Just cancel country club mbrshp! And sell the Mercedes! Of course!"
"Bageltown deli before school :)"
"Long night made even longer by DST."
"It's Patty Chase! I love her haircut!"
"Today's the day! Undergrad/faculty mixer at 4pm in the ATEC conference room! Come meet EMAC faculty/students. All EMAC'ers welcome!"
"DCPS teacher used primary docs from during his lesson about #GeorgeWashington today. Had the students reading & discussing!"
"This KU-UNC game is crazy!!!!"
"omfg #hunters have been waiting for almost 30 mins :o"
"Two can play at that Game.......But I play better ;-)"
"Im proud to be a DETROIT rap artist"
"bro you forgot the US.."
"Excellent! Sharing our products with any group, no matter the size, always helps! Thanks!!!"
"RT : Counting physical forms, fuck me!"
"ALL WHITE MAYBACH!"
"awww, help me out. I don't recognize ur twittername. D:"
"very cool, we gotta get you in studio sometime! Coach v Coach with James Galanis!"
"post grad plan:"
"\": Why is like almost every girls' Twitter name is always suck/eat/lick/ this? -____- = Basic Bitches ..\"!!!!!!"
"#DMCA No MPAA interns camcording this year. Instead, a teacher hired by DVD/Blu-ray licensing authorities demoing screen capture software."
"lol! I was at UCLA studying Japanese when he died. :("
"Who wants a #FREE night at our amazing downtown property? Be our 700th follower!"
"we're gay, wouldn't we all be from district 1?"
"Just got my nails done-now out 2 eat...then new tattoo #allonhim :-)"
"When money talks freedom walks. Find out what to do about it at www.bobmaconbusiness. com"
"Word bride orginally started as an old English word meaning cook"
"#250writeoffs totally hate mr coach jones! at least we have our phones!"
"#Chicago is home to eleven Fortune 500 companies, while the rest of the metro area hosts another 21 Fortune 500 companies."
"The Sorry Stricken are not bothered by such things. They just bring greater numbers to procure a tasty treat."
"Damn I should have done that lame presentation Oh well Sunday I just have to buckel down"
"Sunday Fun Day! Love the cooler weather in #miami!"
"RT : Hahahaha! That it does, but you've helped make my day brighter! Thank you!"
"Also, last time: did proposal, got accepted, then did the research. That was weird."
"It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times."
"I need a price  all may apply "
"What. A. Douche! One day, he'll get what's com to him! I don't even know him lol"
"R/T #follow he will #followback #loyalty #success also follow and"
"The pirates look helpless at this point."
"Just had a talk with a CEO from a major record label got to email him a handful of songs and see what happens"
"treat people as concepts, map them to uncover hidden connections. why researchers need vivo"
"I'm a big fan of but could honestly care less about Dancing With The Stars!"
"Foam party at Vogue tonite!!!!!!!!!"
"Workin my hardest to make my #dreams into"
"I love that my friend, , comes to Madison whenever he's writing a new book. We talk ideas/craft and eat at the Dane."
"we appreciate you so much, Matthew. You've had a great year. A lot to be proud of. Thanks for being a part of OUR year!"
"Well aren't we just a match made in DM heaven. :) Let me guess... your day 1 would've been \"It's No Good\"?"
"I love my boyfriend with all my heart, he is the best thing that ever happened to me <3<3<3<3<3"
"Nothing like drinking half a bottle of wine straight from the bottle."
"you smell"
"that's always a good idea. I can't wait till I'm done with school though"
"I AGREE!"
"it's not in Omaha, but Benson raised 's film #canyonroad is debuting trailer tomorrow at"
"USA! USA! USA! RT American Jason Hartmann finishes 4th in the"
"In bed exhausted had a great time now to rest and get ready for BMTH tomorrow :-) whos going ?"
"AND YOUR GRANDPARENTS, TOO"
"Any tweeps play Minecraft? How do I play Multiplayer?"
"Only best friends talk to each other on the toilet."
"Just saw bad manners went to loaded in hollywood , worst jukebox in Hollywood , a bunch of posers"
"Coming out to play tonight...see you soon."
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY"
"Ernest Hemingway~ Theres nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men. True nobility is being superior to your former self."
"OH MY GOD PHANATIC + 30 ROCK"
"i want to see a pic of nialls bottom braces :)"
"My target on lock and my aims to steady"
"goodnight have alot of dream! cuz who doesnt like dreams;P"
"Love your work you have up on man! Thanks for giving my WA Rain Festival some love. :) Have a great weekend."
"what is that based on, a Rolling Stone Readers Poll?"
"Batsh*t crazy.\"
"Cody Follow me!! Please!! I'm your fan #1 I've seen all ur videos!! I wanna be just like u a porn star baby"
"RT this for all the young athletes selected in the #nfldraft. Lives will be changed forever tonight. Congrats!"
"...I like this! Great share!"
"Manhattan is the last place you wanna b with your tank on E!"
"sam lee look better than yo girl jesy! and any girl you ever smashed! My past gf's are killin all your girls too."
"I know understand the art and science of trajectory. Thank you for asking."
"That's just a sign of a good sense of humour."
"The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds. - Will Durant"
"Great article on #Aspie view of death in JAN 2012 Subscribe by 1-31-12 to start w/ this issue and receive it within 1 week!"
"Sorry to hear that. Any suggestions for how we could make it less complicated?"
"If you’re planning on lying to me, at least make sure I don’t find out the truth."
"Hey! lol follow back?!"
"thank you! It was probably the easiest choice of the year :)"
"Funny, I've just been tweeting this very thing."
"Just ordered my graduation invites!!!"
"Kobe said Gallo \"can't flop on a screen like that. We all know Pau is not the toughest guy\""
"Where do they sell MAC Pro make-up? Do you need to have a MAC Pro account?"
"what's wrong with you cousin??"
"RT : The only thing worse than a potato chip on the couch is setting on it, butt naked, then standing to find it gone."
"lol they're rad dudes i hope you win!!"
"im a fan of redeveloping east liberty, and quite amazed at how successful it is, but call it what it is...,"
"Thanks for your kind words, Erica!"
"Love this song! \"Paradise\""
"don't follow that fake ass one!"
"Bautista couldn't hit a volleyball right now"
"#agreed come back:("
"Thank you for the retweet!"
"prepping our restaurants for launch next week! expansive menus, prime times and big tables = group dining made easy!!! A"
"I sure know I'm not perfect, but I am who I am and that's real."
"A little dance party while getting ready for my date night with"
"Big, huge beautiful snowflakes in abq. It's so white outside!"
"I'm bout to have to go to church"
"\": Holy cow RT : First Tornado to hit Henryville EF-4, winds estimated at 175mph #INwx\" I BELIEVE IT!!"
"Every now & then, I experience a new kind of focus that brings it all together,makes me realize what I'm doing & why.#sense of purpose back."
"did you really? Good that's what im here for"
"Missed the work-study window. To seminar or not to seminar? How to raise extra $400 in 3 weeks? Any ideas?"
"Best of luck!"
"thank you Travis! I look forward to future queer conversation."
"I'm not so sure - right now it's got this aura of exclusivity going for it - smarter conversations with people I don't know"
"RT : Do you have a Mastermind Group? If not, get one! Supporting each others' success-nothing better!"
"Rise & shine tweeps. Today is a great day for goal conquering achieving action!:-) #LetsGo!"
"haha the word yacht... It's nothin ;)"
"So excited about today! I don't know why, some mornings I leap out of bed and feel like I can't take in enough air to feel the gratitue exp…"
"Why am I so sad"
"#ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored pretend I'm a zombie laying on a bed. O_o"
"I don't get it either. I don't mind it. Many athletes use their platform for various causes. He is doing the same."
"Wonder wat wer gonna do with it! ;)"
"What I didn't mean was steal one! New chair missing from Commons :( RT : Looking for a cushy seat? Try Allen Library"
"But my name is mel :D"
"I can't find my fucking left rear view mirror RT : I can't find my fucking wallet"
"Ditto! RT : can wait until Sunday! #BrewerBash with"
"I hate to think that you are flying commercial jets!"
"often think of your sweatpants :: bloody Mary analogy."
"I'm going to end it right here in traffic. I swear. Been on the road 80 minutes for a normal 20 minute drive."
"was good?"
"They lost?"
"We in the store my sister know every body"
"love that."
"haha I do now!"
"BIG THANKS to B93.3FM for helping us spread the word about our mission to support the troops! Kids bring your trick or treat candy here!"
"and nothing motivates me more than when someone underestimates me or is a naysayer :)"
"someone doesn't know how to text me back, so they just leave me hanging.. >:\"
"I remember seeing a facebook post by , I think, talking about how men are rarely defined by women in book titles, etc"
"52.6 seconds to go and the #Avalanche are down 1... It's go time!!!"
"My mum turn it off in the car because she says she can't concentrate hahahaha."
"break a leg today missy! Xoxox can't wait to see your red carpet action."
"Most competitive premiums in the Brownstone Insurance market place."
"I'm wondering the same thing."
"Got my new shop in Bangkok. I'll open it soon :)"
"ask him to do the john madden."
"haha i knew many of u guys felt that way"
"#glee is a little sappy for me this week. Why is everyone crying!"
"at work for another 26 hours. And is raining and cold"
"so true. We call that a Frankenstein!"
"#myfirstjob it doesn't matter, it's not about the past it's about the future"
"thank you!"
"New video out today! So excited to show you guys."
"thank you!!:)<33"
"Sure you don't want to come back for 1 more week? Might be something interesting going on next week. Good luck anyways"
"Need to get myself and Audobon ottoman,"
"Project-based learning is the hook once the student is already interested in the content (of the discipline)"
"Thank u!! Support YW staff & participants! Staff must get their paychecks & participants- afterschool & elder care!!!"
"where are you at the air show?"
"Lovely to see Jeff again."
"Of course. I certainly wasn't saying that all software is a differentiator; obviously not."
"Is that your lady? Great pic, you look so gorgeous! :)"
"Just Announced: this Friday at Redamte Coffee House! Come check out Madison's newest coffeehouse w/ great music, food, & drinks!"
"\"In The Waste Land, I wasn't even bothering whether I understood what I was saying.\" - T.S. Eliot (via Louis Menand)"
"I swear...I needa learn how to cut hair so I can save myself some money and have my own hustle once i get to college..."
"Value won't get much higher. League will adjust, how will he react we don't know. So get a known commodity if possible now"
"Follow back? :->"
"Actually not sure if slideshare Tour is 508-compliant, but I'm not too familiar with adaptive tech. ?"
"Ah, that would be lovely. doooit. I would love to see you!"
"Then why did you just follow us today? And I'm surprised you're replying to me...."
"Watchin the substitute &the new york team is a school like 15mins away from me lol ik a kid who goes there"
"I'm just kidding BOOBEAR<3"
"Have had several conversations at #asecs12 about how graduate students are better served doing conference reviews rather than book reviews."
"Too bad K rate isn't a category."
"sounds great!"
"Um should cover that Starships song by Nicki Minaj. That would be AWESOME, don't ya think?"
"1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :)))"
"So glad to hear it! Thanks for sharing. Is it okay to share this with our consult staff? Hope all is well."
"Ah - poetic license :-)"
"“: YOU HATE ON BRITNEY YOU WILL GET SHIT” leave Neil ALONE!! WAAAAH!!!!"
"who is can somebody answer the q plz?"
"Brendan Haywood is worthless"
"Theres really nothing greater than being your own boss and working your own hours!"
"all the junk food talk-we had sheet pizza and wings for the ncaa game :)"
"Umm no words! RT : Omg did you see the way they were kissing? So painful i couldn't watch RT :"
"#whypeoplerember something u did wrong"
"oh just at work...nothing to exciting you lnow how exciting shakopee minnesota can be"
"Perhaps because education will be the main tool, and not locking people up or shooting at them. (cc: )"
"Niggas so sensitive on twitter put the panties away ."
"& the scars remind us that the past is real."
"How have you been?"
"Just one example."
"Had a good talk with Team owner positive out look"
"Just saw a worm doing the worm."
"Come in and check out our huge selection of 7 For All Mankind jeans!"
"I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet. I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are! ;)"
"Still in bed . I aint feelin today"
"happy birthday sweetie"
"how they treating you out there maam? This is my first tweet to the world...well to you ahahahah"
"Firgured.. you are my everything dawn i'm just not your everything.. :/"
"oh that's just great. #hopetheyfindhim/her"
"My puppy hates techno music and she watches TV. She thinks NO means PLAY. To her, human is a better toy than toys. WTF!?"
"Couldn't be more proud of our vice president and his stance on gay marriage!"
"Morning everyone!!!! No univ for me today:(."
"Hey <i>ladies</i>."
"I must not let this beautiful world just pass me by when I want to see and not just drive. Crashing--is it worth it?"
"Jaylon Tate to arrive in Chicago Tomorrow."
"Omg best thing ever just happened. I won a freakin collab with digitalmunchies!!!!"
"You've done the sessions, you've seen the tweets. Looking back, what was your favorite part of #DECALDA?"
"So, #beerclub, where can I find Zombie Dust around these parts?"
"well well well, it's my old grammar student. What up?"
"Sad to see it go but frankly few shopped there anyway. Almost glad for CVS buyout: one last hurrah vs quietly fading away."
"its unattractive if the other guy hates weed but if he loves it den u in luck"
"RT \"If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it!\""
"Steve Orque and Jennifer Ray played into the wee hours! Long, but fun night at #PTs Winterwood!"
"A comment on a video of a baby goat: \"What are you going to do when it gets bigger? Release it back to the wild?\""
"Thank you all! Or at least those of you who did your duty and delivered dooty to deserving politicians in California."
"#whatwillgagawear what ever is laying on the side of the road"
"You are so freakin' beautiful!!! I'm jelous. lol :)"
"You are the result of 4 billion yrs of evolutionary success. F*cking act like it. Don't know where this originated, but it makes me smile."
"Has anyone else noticed that it's hardly ever Friday anymore?"
"Do you have issues with it displaying the wrong profile pics next to the wrong people? It's so confusing!"
"Nokia 603 Review – The Smartphone for Everyone! - SymbianTweet"
"On average, how many phone screens do you conduct per opening?"
"One option for Internet access at Seattle convention center, $99 per day."
"Very true. How's everything else going? How are Tony and Joe?"
"as happy as I am to be going to the tyga concert I still think the tickets were a bit overpriced"
"Thanks Knox! - Joe"
"Though many people picture #NewMexico as desert terrain, ¼ of the state is actually filled with forests."
"I need a Eurythmics cover of Harrison's Living in the Material World. Someone call Dave and , STAT."
"today ended better than I expected "
"Back to the point, but in that same instance I offered the option of coming to an amicable solution,they were shocked,but needless to say we"
"Ugghhh , I'm readyy to go home & go to sleep !!"
"go away bully."
"You are God's glorious possibility!"
"Dang I aint even at this girls party but I know almost everything thats going on thanks to my TL!!"
"Nicki mnaj fan? Than follow this girl"
"get it girl"
"Seriously everyone needs to shut the fuck up before I snap"
"I would flip over backwards if Hightower fell to us in the second. He is the type of LB that seems to fall every yr"
"Welcome aboard! #NYG RT Oh, how I want to see the Giants beat the Packers at Lambeau. Pretty please?"
"Oh gosh, RT I love it when dark-skinned Puerto Ricans grow out their hair."
"Heading out of town...solo"
"suck! mean and inconsiderate!"
"Woo! Nice going, mama!"
"There should be a movie about Robert Moses"
"Watching Penguins of Madagascar"
"APNewsBreak: Rev. Billy Graham, at 93, urges #NorthCarolina voters to support amendment to state constitution banning"
"in town? Check out Camera Corner / Connecting Point on Main and Munroe. Ask for Rick Chernick he's the owner"
"Think about it. Pray about it. -JOURNEY YOUTH"
"☼ It has never been my object to record my dreams just to realize them. Man Ray"
"A good family day. But there are times I like to be alone, so I am walking to buy fruit and milk for tomorrow. The rain has left its scent."
"Either mathematics is too big for the human mind or the human mind is more than a machine. -Kurt Godel"
"fine don't come"
"Fact of the Day: is the second-longest tenured Packer on the current roster. (Behind )"
"dick dick dick dick dick dick chicken sack fuck shit chicken"
"Tomorrow is April and May comes afterwards ...."
"My NAHA pictures from Rob Cook just came in... These are going to blow you away."
"whenever a leader speaks that leader dies"
"I love remixing R&B songs to Gospel .."
"thats a lie."
"Lying ass tweets.."
"Complacency and laziness are why Americas in the toilet. Too much bullshittin and excuses not enough blue collar mentality...get it done"
"Experiencing some technical difficulties with Legion TV, stay tuned!"
"Anyone in Indianapolis into Morph Suits or want to Morph?"
"You're featured a few times :)"
"Don't miss THE MEN tomorrow it is an EARLY SHOW!!! We play first."
"I hope I can meet you at the concert in L.A I'm so excited! My dream is gonna come true if I meet ❤"
"One day you need a horse running there!! Hope your weekend is going well!!"
"The Sun and Moon can't shine light on a dark mind."
"Custard is my favorate doughnut filling"
"For you who haven't had pollyjuice potion before.. It tastes like goblin piss, mad eye is the best ever"
"\"To be an actor you have to be a child.\" - Paul Newman"
"Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity. - Louis Pasteur"
"The first band song is 'Dead or Alive' and they rocked it ;-)"
"That's how you got to do it!"
"There is no limit"
"#SongsIListenToEveryday Every single of chris brown !"
"I'm crying, my heart is pounding. Ah! Love you"
"yeah! Haha I hope! I just gotta start looking instead of being a bum xD"
"Another example of Politics and the Arts not working together..."
"Get song \" Girl I Used To Know\" FREE on their facebook page and while your there ' like' their facebook page! Thanks! :) RT"
"that means that 2 of the 3 major oil importers will face economic contraction thus demand less oil, so prices are coming down."
"See you on the front seats on the train on down, because I'll be there with ya."
"Hello This is Artist Paul Borges on: ReverbNation electonica Charts.! # 9 in Cleveland,Ohio. I thank You All!"
"New Spring Lunch menu is now in production! Check out our new Yellowfin Tuna Nicoise $13"
"A quick-tempered man does foolish things, and a crafty man is hated. -Proverbs 14:17"
"Sounds good to me! :) I am highly convinced that most writers take their stories from their own dreams! LOL"
"I hope your day is going alright! WE ALL LOVE YOU!"
"Who wanna take me to eat?."
"without braces equals an Angel <3 he got them off at 10:49 in Chicago time :)"
"Can't wait to check in with and everywhere in Ptown :)"
"love you xoxo goodnight (:"
"V-Day shopping last night at the mall: it was foggy and cold -- men staggering from store to store with lost zombie looks in their eyes."
"first you have to follow me though i think..."
"Hahaa I told the lady at Victoria Secret I like so she went to the back and then One Thing came on :D lol"
"One Week Away From Ft. , , & Feb 16th Get Your Tickets Fast!"
"Oh, I can see behind the curtain. The wheels are cranking, turning. It's all wrong the way we're working."
"don't most hotels have potable water? I bring an empty bottle and get much better performance than with wifi"
"The beginning of a new semester is the most glorious time to be a tutor. Getting paid to work on my novel/blog/time management games, natch."
"truu where at?"
"time to get out the crib"
"How many of you all say fridgerator? So fuck the re.. Lol"
"I have an arsenal of over 500 hundred guns as well as twenty wives back at the compound"
"I heared the boys saw you yesterday. Sorry I wasn't there. hope u had fun though! ^_^"
"That sounds dangerous. Maybe, it is an \"Airborne Toxic Event\" like in the novel, White Noise."
"Student Section special on The Future of the BCS continues in the 5 PM hour with 's Gina Chappin and NIU Ath Dir Jeff Compher"
"Why am I in the States, again?"
"we are always happy to help, gald you are still with and picked up the brand new Galaxy S 2!"
"The automated postal center is the best thing the post office ever did, though flat rate boxes are a close second"
"On the bright side, LeBron and the Heat shouldn't have to go past a Game 5 in any of their series until the Finals."
"Hope you have your umbrellas today! Rain is forecasted to continue until Saturday."
"No one remembers xanga. I had one and my username was like diva star HAHAHAHAH 4th grade"
"no worries just needs to put it back up!! lol"
"Least favorite part of going to work: putting on fucking socks."
"nice video, thanks for sharing :)"
"Trust No One"
"no I can't! Omg ugh our love lives are blah."
"Hi Tom, you're pretty awesome! I think your the best host on TV!! I wish I could be on DWTS but im not a star.... YET!"
"Finally beat Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, Now I can finally open Revelations and start it!"
"only incredibly rich villains own a venus fly-trap."
"Bonne St. Valentin!- ( to gentleman that came in the shop earlier- afterward, i did remember you! Happy Valentine....)"
"I love that feeling when you find that amazing source that blows open your ideas for your project."
"These are the times I live for.. Making it feel like summer!! :)))"
"I don't hate but I dislike that be a mom first,rather than going clubbing with the girls etc&living your kid w/ the babysitter/familysitter."
"Paid Wifi? Blasphemy."
"NW: The Hangover"
"I like big butts and I cannot lie, you other brothers can't deny"
"yes I just got done filling out the app for GB. Man I would love it there."
"random question! When is urs and madisons prom going to be??"
"“: Not putting a case on your iPhone #YOLO”"
"Excuse the exaggeration but seriously I almost stepped on this thing and these bugs legit are after me. ):"
"Do The White Thing"
"Who is going to be there at the end Monday!!!"
"Watching Taylor swift on my Ipod_touch"
"Oh hey twitter.. I have neglected you!"
"What percentage of sun dried tomatoes do you think are actually dried in the sun?"
"Therefore Fall and Winter are the result of Demeter mourning Persephone's absence from Earth."
"The fastest way to get happy is to make someone else happy."
"It looks like Prince Tagoe and Charles Takyi did not make the final 23 man squad."
"#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo - Go crazy with me!"
"you nor go kill urself... see as dem dey match u...this is crazy"
"Yes, you should learn German."
"What is stopping youv"
"possibly so!!!! Lol"
"I'm Hispanic :o I'm fluent in español. :p"
"I have nothing to wear tomorrow :O"
"hey now, they need to get past the Magic first ( yes I #BelieveInMagic, ha)"
"then get here!"
"happy for all of this. I just want the Bullets to remember who's job is what lol"
"I of course, like the Liberal Arts School, may have had needed a framework and theory closer designed for competency"
"I cant sleep tonight, I'm way too anxious for the upcoming weekend!! 😁"
"Thanks for tweeting that image! You've won free admission to the opening tonight at 6:00. Let them know at the door, congrats!"
"Needs a new start"
"congrats Reel Voices accepted into Seattle's"
"So normal tweets go to FB & LI, retweets to LI, not FB, and @ tweets go to neither? Is this correct?"
"Finally beginning to 'get' the home grown - Shins."
"They're cute kids..."
"Some of the best LinkedIn tips on one page. Enjoy!"
"I hear that!!! I have to sleep early... Vet in AM"
"So surprised to see snow in my backyard this morning"
"Dear Diz co-produced by latin grammy Producer of the Year Gregg Field Gary Burton Yellowjackets saxophonist Bob Mintzer"
"had disc surgery on mine years ago. hated going into the MRI tube. feel better"
"Kind of glad I went out last night and missed most of Lakepocalpypse Now(tm) (but willing to license that term to )"
"Youtubing: Finally, a great discussion opener."
"Thanks for all the input! We love active, intelligent and thoughtful users. Happy cooking!"
"I would have been good with 2 in a row."
"lol that was amazing none the less"
"Have you seen the new movie? Watching it, I remembered how meta The Muppets are—explains a lot about my generation. :)"
"IM IN LOVE WITH"
"follow back :)"
"meeting with a friend today to discuss some good stuff. I call her Lani Legal.. talking about clothing and 501(c)3 and stuff like that."
"~Man Im Glad I Got Out That Bum Azz Skul Park Manor..!"
"#WRESTLEMANIA28 wins #TeamBringIt Great ass match"
"Marketing_Nat says Google algorithm was devised in academia; to figure it out think like you are filing doctoral theses."
"Oh glorious day, please don't be so cloudy. You're ruining my mood."
"#Taboo2 Tonight ! Meet me in the Back VIP ! LADIES YOUR FREE ALL NIGHT !!!"
"She's not guilty for killing her daughter but she is guilty of lying to the officers. Are you fucking kidding me?!?!"
"The policy of being too cautious is the greatest risk of all."
"I know right? They're slacking on their parent duties.."
"RT : fell down a wikipedia rabbit hole. send cheese."
"In an effort to retain head count, #Dewey enforces 60-day notice policy on departing lawyers, according to sources in my story today."
"Much Love to ALL the independent bookstores, especially the ones that are working hard to keep there doors open."
"A couple women noticed my MacBook air and wanted to hold it. It's like having a puppy."
"happy late birthday"
"No. “: Does it get any cheesier than the butler cabin? #masters”"
"Today im gonna use this Mac makeup I bought. Hopefully it comes out correctly."
"She didn't think you would know her, but she and her husband raved about your service and such! Awesome."
"yeah and my moms out of town and i tried calling her 3 times but no answer. great"
"Where in the world in Hot Chocolate? Keep an eye for her soon!"
"live,love as long as u can!!!!!!"
"Should have specified \"...and I don't personally know you\" Hehehe. :) But you have tweeted since then."
"Sorry to bring up bad memories :( But I'm glad you enjoyed the quote!"
"At least our #colts will get first round draft pick-- it's all worth it."
"Fights with my mom."
"Photoshop Tip: Follow up to my previous tip, you could also create an action for flipping an item and assign it a quick key."
"Turned the AC on - feels so good!"
"Put your confidence in God and not in man."
"Anze is Super!"
"Ok Meek set this mix tape off on this intro...I love this niggas rambling ass flow"
"Before you call someone a fake friend, make sure they're your friend."
"yeah, a guy was trying to get home and he used stationary and falsified info. They called to verify and he got axed"
"“ Avengers in 3d...at atlantic station...be there...or be square lol”"
"I can't believe she picked Stefan wish would have done something different. Disappointed"
"it's heavy when people tell you that people are having 50 person meetings about you"
"yes! She's a stud."
"cool me too :)"
"thanks for attending! i'll def. keep you up to date w/ mesh developments!!! it was great talking + meeting you"
"Boston does it right."
"MT : is reporting Rick Santorum is suspending his campaign. << Ahh...finally! I can't believe any1 ever listened 2 this guy"
"Thanks for the shout out Amy. In warm weather conditions, I am a good guy. This cold has brought out the bitch."
"There's that voice that I adore. <3 amazing, as always."
"Hope you've been enjoying the videos, but it looks like I have to tell YouTube to stop posting every little thing I do! :-)"
"And im the first one here....wtf."
"If I got a tweet from I would probably pass out."
"I love LA diversity - as I ate, the owner of a downtown restaurant fluently screamed at her staff in at least three languages"
"Fuck, that is so frustrating. Particularly when they have an unspoken deadline and then yell at you for missing it."
"Thrilled to have you as a member of the family!"
"Good coach. RT Apparently Darryl Drake ran the length of the field to chest bump Alshon Jeffrey after he caught a TD."
"You are needed!"
"He who walks in integrity walks securely. -Proverbs 10:9"
"aah, thank you"
"working on new instructional design business idea - should be ready in January if all goes well - just can't depend on contracting anymore!"
"hey im getting ready to start a long shift @ work but im good thanks. hw r u?"
"Happy birthday :D"
"That moment when 1 of your bros is gonna try to commit the robbery on you. #NotCoolBro -_-"
"That gym session was crucial 💪"
"Hope yu guys Kill it out their..!!!!! Wish 2 actually c yu guys in person 1 day!! Well Good Luck"
"Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being. — Johan Wolfgang Von Goethe"
"Too many good movies on today"
"we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster! Check us out, I think you'll love it!"
"Part time work, job sharing and volunteering can help keep retires connected to the workforce"
"Free trial Tarot readings today only on www.ShindigTarot.com!"
"you can always do that to me ♥"
"“: yea I know u beat WVU” I really give none fucks but couldn't pass it up"
"Hey!! Here's a  for you"
"LOVE this video"
"That is if I were to meet James Franco.If you took me&he wasn't there anymore I'd just be pissed&not love you."
"Can someone PLEASE send me the link to the boyz' new interview"
"“: riighttttt! i just wish i had a real summer but whatevs i'll deal with it” yuup, we gotta deal with it."
"Fresh squeezed lemon water will speed the recovery"
"Behind the Scenes! Seeing a Preview of First Date tonight (tues)? Come early for wine/snacks and an inside look at the show."
"money money awesome stuff"
"Doctorate, but experience can be substituted for education."
"Sounds like a beautiful morning! :)"
"Rollins and Utley was a great middle infield. Lowrie/Altuve could challenge that eventually."
"Happy Saturday!"
"Looking up races for later in the year. I really want to run the \"The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror 10-Miler\" at Disney."
"I love how the thunder fans dont sit down until they score. I think thats cool"
"\"Post news and tips for a variety.\" A variety of what?"
"would you fly in an electric aircraft?"
"#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate \"excuse me waiter can you split the appetizer between mine and her check?\""
"and did she say i should tell you when i'm coming to visit & invite you out to have drinks with us in some cool decatur place?"
"#SLAMR GIVEAWAY ALERT! Chek our #fb page & tell us your team name. We're giving away (2) $50 gift cards! on.fb.me/n3rv3v"
"downloaded a \"shoe shopping app\"... Lord help me"
"i love <3333"
"I vote that popularity location indicators be determined by twitter and text activity! ...o wait..."
"only if they're crispy “: I LOVE TATER TOTS!!!!!!”"
"thank you Soror!!! It was so great to meet you!!!"
"R both Weeks brothers hurt now???"
"Front row seats at Jack Johnson, thank youu"
"Today is National Fire Drill Day. Do you know what to do in case of a fire?"
"Who is going to be the VCC's keynote speaker? Your guess is as good as ours. Suggestions? We provide one hell of a veggie plate."
"Too many people will believe anything they say."
"Northeast Health System has accepted the recommendation to affiliate w/ to form Lahey Health System"
"Well damn. So much for my Harbough brothers Super Bowl Showdown. Bummer."
"Opened my eyes, it was only just a dream ♫♪"
"Oh I want a reading!"
"I just want to go home and sleep. Life is being a brat today."
"think I might need to leave the house to edit these chps. mayb if I tear them apart, they'll make more sense in the bigger puzzle?"
"yup! It was 's baby - a ton of videos like this can be useful for the whole community. Now make one!"
"Once I get out the shower, I seriously chill in my towel for about 30 minutes."
"You were awesome yourself great job RT : Thanks for letting me host your show in Atlanta! I learned a lot from you."
"jk that sounds painful"
"I look like I have three elbows right now. Thanks, Cottage Grove"
"Ima stay locked in this room all day"
"Is #Texas really about to go to another #WorldSeries? Come on #Detroit!! Who's watching the game tonight? Who are you guys rooting for?"
"Sad but true, Francisco is the #Mets' best closer option. Wasn't the bullpen supposed to be their strength this year?"
"Sister Sybil Boddington: As a young girl, my aunt, Sybil Boddington, who has died aged 92, wanted to be an actor.."
"Neal!!! Just realized I wrote the name wrong...oops! I was watching YOUR show! I'm addicted. Keep up the great work!"
"punted it with his left foot for the fifth time this season...Dave Plati all over it...that's why he's the best in the biz"
"Stop by Diva tonight for the game!!8:30p (Paraguay vs Venesuella)"
"Welcome to Portland Nolan Smith and Raymond Felton."
"Just scored 98 tickets to the tulane baseball game when we are in NOLA."
"nobody likes you"
"Good morning tweeps!"
"that would an awesome tattoo for some chicks inner thigh"
"Is your living room running out of life? Since this room is usually largest space in your home, make a big statement add personal style."
"Check out this week’s journal on Clinical & Experimental Cardiology for a Trends in the Incidence Rates, Clinical Features, Treatment Pra…"
"Is the only contestant on any show on tv I have ever voted for <3 bc he made me happy tears & has stretched ears xoxo"
"I b on the same shit lol"
"Somebody Else Will Respect My Loyalty.."
"#TwSIG Lots of apps and tools to manage your Twitter feeds. TweetDeck is one of those. You can find new followers, see who is mentioning you"
"\"The Bull\" Alvarez is getting me excited with the way he's swinging it lately. Another bomb in St. Louis for his 6th of the season."
"I really love having Bright neon green condoms :) makes my dick my favorite color XD yay me!"
"Am I really at a point in my life where I can't finish a package of M&M's without getting sick of them?"
"I know what you mean friend lol"
"sign up for hops webinars to learn how I did plus plenty of time to ask me questions."
"Always a bad sign when you look at the weather radar & it's just all blue. Not so excited to drive out to Palatine today. Eeks."
"That Dorito taco makes me want to simultaneously throw-up/die/weep for humanity... seriously... EW"
"“: Everybody watch Celebrity Sex Tape ASAP! Kappa Sig brother is in it and it's HILARIOUS! brother keep up the good work”"
"(( oh don't worry.... if she freaks out, she wont show it at the house. Lol she's still getting used to things. Lol ))"
"my friends back east told me to \"eat shit\" re: the strength of MWC after friday, so I'm done ranking conferences..."
"\"I'm never going to run this again.\"-Grete Waitz after winning her first of nine New York City marathons"
"yeah i know how you feel sage and sugar just got locked in the last 20 mins"
"fuck well hell we got brass knuckles and pepper spray we will be alright"
"At cassell........sneeking on the roof...my friend is pissin on the school saying I ate school.....I hate the teachers xDDDDDD"
"\"Why have you abandoned me?\" (Mark 15:34) Utter despair caused by my sin."
"Shin Splints<<<<<<<<<<< worst feeling ever "
"I hope they have siblings named \"Wrong\" and \"Left\""
"RT How come I didn't even know they trying to stop cigar sales in"
"rooftop VIP tables ain't no fable"
"yes. what would you ask if you know someone has to answer yes?"
"2 chicken for a cent."
"There are a ton of great Hoops documentaries out there I like better than any movie. I like \"The Street Stops Here.\""
"This is right up Natasha's alley: shoot subject with face to the camera but their eyes not looking at the camera. What's up with that?"
"RT “: #blessing come mysterious way's”"
"I submitted a few title thoughts. I hope they're of some use to you!"
"homemade foods of course!"
"sure do"
"Didn't realize how useful they were until they died. Now I have to physically press the \"next\" button to go to the next song :("
"Dude flipped 6 and a half times and walks away amazing lucky that tire didnt fly into the stands"
"\"wheres my phone... ooh i found it\""
"We'll also be hitting up The Venetia Fair at Warped so ask questions for them too! :) Tweet us!"
"Tonight's agenda: eat dinner, finish The Arrival for ME2, at 8:50 start repeated refreshes of Origin, stay up way too late playing"
"Cheers to all #mothers out there! I raise my glass to you:)"
"if i dont know how to respond to a txt i just type \"!!!\""
"OKC and Lakers for semi finals ^.^"
"Nicole are you following me? I can't DM until your following me..."
"Aligning plans for a big weekend in Buffalo. Get at me if you will be around."
"Indeed! RT Very cool. RT : Really cool #VW #banner ad. Does it work for you?"
"His spirit is pretty awesome."
"I love It would be sweet if I could dial 1-900-mix-alot to order my next one."
"thanks for the follow!!!"
"I HAVE to get TF out this house!"
"Word. RT Cherry Blossom 10 miler this morning! and I are going to kill it!"
"I need a punching bag, ASAP. 😡👊"
"sister my sister!"
"woo! Congratulations on not exploding anything!"
"And baseball. (Although the sun's not out here.)"
"Weights done. 4 miles ran. Need to shower and get to work. Friday is starting slow."
"I don't care for flowers but from a guy, I'm a sucker for flowers!"
"Awesome find! Also love the vintage twist on some of your designs. Thanks for posting."
"I will! Not sure if I'll talk to him in time but I'll try!"
"\"We do not ask for what useful purpose the birds do sing,for song is their pleasure since they were created for singing\"~J.Kepler"
"Been washing clothes since 8:00 its now 1:37 am and we still washing ..smh"
"I had a horrible headache all day, until Kentucky took down the Cards. Feeling much better."
"\"Love, Love, Love Fit2go\" Thank you Desiree :)"
"dude are you in now right now? If you're here through tomorrow or the weekend, let me know."
"me too lets talk about it"
"Tomorrow night, my #ADD nuttiness will be on stage for all to enjoy. My Stand-up comedy debut aka at Go Bananas Cincinnati."
"happy birthday! Gr8 match last night"
"I’m feeling better now that it’s May – less than 90 days to Training Camp, and then preseason games."
"tequila rain tonight?"
"Yay it's #firstthursday but can it stop raining please!!"
"I feel you on this xD"
"Damn one more week and college is over"
"#Ravens reportedly take Kelechi Osemele from Iowa State at pick 60"
"How Are You?(:"
"That's how we make the internets."
"It's Friday the 13th. Hmm."
"I know the first draft of every screenplay sucks but I'm ready for rewrite and awsomeness!!!"
"How you been doin lil momma??"
"Happy Birthday cousin!!"
"for interviews , press & more information on Dangerous Vintage please email us at"
"Happy Birthday Sean #Toosh!"
"The same principle that works for \"saving\" faith works for \"active\" faith. Heart believes -Mouth confesses - unto the benefits of salvation"
"oh dang! She looks nice .. guess not."
"no need to be harsh :("
"You all chose the perfect day to egg my car. Seriously grow up and find something else to amuse yourselves with, IDIOTS."
"thanks! Glad you like them. :)"
"I know someone who is great at crafting but hasn't blogged in a whle. She does paper crafts, sewing, quilting, jewelry-making..."
"Stop in tonight to try our Profiteroles with pistachio ice cream and whipped cream!"
"i have to say, i haven't seen ONE bad nyc video. PROUD TO BE A NY 1D FAN!!!"
"my place tomorrow. Everyone is recording"
"Thanks brother"
"Good to hear, thank youRT : Getting lots of very positive feedback from my peeps and tweeps!"
"Since I didn't get that job, its now time to step it up and apply more!"
"Haha, oh ya. Im good, u?"
"u have probs u know"
"Work hard every day and don't stop until you just can't do anymore."
"Fuck, McDonalds makes some good ass double cheeseburgers."
"In Larry Moss acting class watching action actor Carl Van Meter work on a scene...great job #actionactoracademy www.carlvanmeter.com"
"It's your love, just does something to me..sends a shock right through me, I can't get enough. ❤"
"oh I did. It was epic. I'd give it a 9. Almost impossible to get much better than that, right? 9ski!!!"
"#wow my nights just ending"
"Oh kimosabi big ballin is my hobby."
"sounds like its time to buy! buy! buy!"
"FREE trivia and comedy night! Come check it out!"
"Hot 🔥 RT : i tend to shop in the guy section."
"yum! I'm sure decor never tasted so good"
"channel 6 in Orlando a now show no go they simply suck as far as shuttle coverage. Take it to the bank so called world wide webber"
"it's so disappointing that u sent a guy out on a Sun to set my service up & he couldn't. Now I can't get anything for 3-5 days. Sux"
"When I hear people talking shit about I just think to my self on how much money she gets."
"Aww he's singing boyfriend by justin bieber for mee <3.<3"
"I hope Elton John is preparing an appropriate memorial song in tribute to Starburns."
"Finally submitted 's project for the first Haitian Creole OpenStreetMap book, now to wait for approval=)"
"I'll just take both! Lol"
"What is your favorite Beastie Boys album?"
"SUNDAY CAN'T COME FAST ENOUGH :D"
"Have you ever heard about ? It's the only coupon website entirely dedicated to dance world!"
"do u think i should sighn up for chior next year"
"How will people survive if the USA Govt goes broke?"
"I wish everyone a very Merry Christmas and a safe holiday weekend."
"What's the purple zucchini? A Sasquatch?"
"I'm up! And I just read the latest NYEW update..."
"+1 “: Prediction: Apple shipping the next iPhone screen with the current display size will be labeled a fail by stupid people.”"
"thank you for following us, great paintings!!"
"A one-off scrolling timeline thingy… Not public yet. Will send link when it is."
"...hands up and touch the sky... <cos I just got the LAST good parking spot...yes I did...oh snap>"
"my brother just emailed me, and he is amazing. sending me into a fit of tear-streaming, snorting laughter. he's my favorite."
"I am currently applying to transfer to Ball State"
"Where in the world is ..."
"It's good for the party that Michele and Marcus will no longer be in the news :-)"
"The ex husband agreed to allow her have the kids as long as the new bf is not alone with them."
"Today is a wonderful day."
"not exactly a rimrocker. Impressive, but not a dunk."
"did i really just say \"finna\""
"I AM SORRY BUT YOU KNOW WHAT BOTHERS ME? TO SEE A CONSCIOUS SISTER TALKING ABOUT REVOLUTION WITH PRADA HIGH HEEL BOOTS ON!"
"Virus alert: some of my Twitter followers have rec'd suspicious message from me. Please delete. Hit by Twitter hacker."
"Best of luck to you!! Thanks again for using ShowClix Jacqueline :)"
"RIP Donna Summers. Another songbird flying with angels in heaven. Put them to shame with that voice. Keep Whitney company."
"Don’t let the current economy slow you down. Start making plans for a brighter tomorrow by taking action today."
"thank you for the #FF love! We are getting mad props on the new wrap on the"
"Good Morning <3"
"I so love you!"
"thanks for the RT :)"
"I just feel so sick. Every thought makes me puke."
"Wisin y yandel ft jlo follow the leader. I love it."
"Time waits for no one so what reason are you using for standing still???"
"love you guys <3"
"Jimi Hendrix should have lived longer."
"CMI has earned third-party certification for no added urea formaldehyde and the use of recycled content in its products."
"I'm one of the cool kids...I met Carrie Brownstein tonight."
"nosy. :-) what else is there"
"happy #earthday don't forget to recycle your beer cans from last night"
"sorry for your lost! Keep your head up n know that he's in a better place now !"
"- the \"lovestache\" looks great!"
"PRETTY LITTLE LIARS"
"Love you cousin! I'm proud at how far you're going (:"
"R,I.P Dick Clark!"
"NW Quilter's Show all this weekend at the Portland Expo Center."
"The workout I started today has me instantly addicted"
"Men against boys right now."
"Estrada better be able to throw breaking balls 4 inches out for strikes too"
"Jan 21,2012: Advance Auto Parts Monster Jam: 2:00pm: Bradley Center."
"#ifitwasuptome I would get paid for staying home and sleeping! :)"
"you sure you wouldn't rather work in the office down the hall....instagramming conference rooms or something? :)"
"#FF When it comes to interior design observations, #FF for her subtle charm and pizzazz, more like a whisper than a shout."
"I cant wait for my next tattoo!"
"Yes... Is it on the 15th or 16th?"
"Even in the face of failure and chaos, show resolve, sharpen your shield and pick, and may your will be outstanding."
"coming in for #trivia? Giving away 30 pk pbr!"
"wanna tiny chat with me and ???"
"Had a blast goin out last night. Now I'm on call chillin. Please don't call me in cb!!!"
"Texting with good friend Robert. Funny funny."
"she dnt but tht dnt mean imma listen to her i love u n she ain't gonna stop me from loving u"
"See you tomorrow! I'm also going to today's #YPWeek Luncheon w/ and later today! Great opps"
"“: The darkest fear of Southern Californians becomes my reality tomorrow. I'll be picking someone up from LAX.” suck my dick"
"Above all, clothe yourselves with love, which binds us all together in perfect harmony. Colossians 3:14"
"Swag is inspiring and honest"
"have you been here!?(;"
"Looking forward to the intensity of this series with the Flyers."
"it's so good and with it being 0 calories it actually doesn't taste like diet!"
"Out with my girls. Oh, how I needed this. Thank You, Lord for my friends. I am truly blessed. :D. <3"
"thanks for the list!"
"I wake up everyday genuinely giddy to get to my desk and start working.. Do what you love, love what you do"
"Hey Chris! Thanks for following."
"Hmm, I always loved my old non smart-Samsung before - I even washed it once and it lived. We'll see if VZW will let me switch..."
"followed (: &' sure what's it about ?"
"even if it does snow, no better way to enjoy it than with a hot toddy."
"Hey fans, yes you. We love you!!"
"Gotta game tonight playin goalie best be playing like holtby"
"IM JUST SO TIRED."
"People who go out of their way to lie are nothing short of a joke."
"Watching Once Upon a Time on ABC. I think I'm hooked."
"There’s nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story. That’s why I’m in the “emotobooks” Revolution."
"Something tells me Dan will be pretty busy with Beer Week stuff then!"
"Damn winter is back in LA tonight! Bbrrrrr!!!"
"these bruises <"
"I've often thought about applying the bracket-style competition to various other aspects of life. Racist cities is good."
"unfortunately it looks like it is true this time :("
"any time!"
"#4C12 is coming to a close. Thanks to all that stopped by our booth! We had a blast!"
"UMM PIZZA :P"
"\"I can show you these spreadsheets...\" \"Sure! Yeah!\""
"I think Clays guns are his arms lol"
"Just minutes to the premiere at #sundancefest! #justfilms and a packed theater eagerly awaiting the start of the show."
"omg u can read can u read?? lol i cant"
"You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership"
"I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing \"you're fucked\" as he passed was just rude"
"Tune in MSNBC w/ Martin Bashir!!!!!!"
"do you know who its from?"
"We flex like 90px"
"hahaha that's just silly..."
"\": Getting ready to leave so the gorgeous can cut my hair. :)\" whoop! So pumped"
"what? :p haa"
"This chick at Euro tan is really pretty. I can't get over it. I feel like I'm staring.."
"there's more coming in April along with a new Proprietor's Reserve beer: Wookey Jack, a black rye ipa...§ucaba comes in next!"
"Journal writing is a voyage to the interior"
"Thank you october, warm weather is saving the last of our crops. No frosts yet."
"Somebody should totally make a fanpage called ! If you do, i'll promote you for free! X)"
"The door is open for Bubba Watson!!!!"
"Are the online leaderboards for XBLA broken? I have a winstreak going on and my online rank keeps going down down down :(."
"Good weekend for #ukmma congrats especially to #bradpickett on his inspirational performance!"
"My wife had 2 have her gallbladder removed in emergency surgery yesterday. How crazy is that? She was feelin fine Monday but Tuesday PAIN!!"
"Talking about how late you are... won't make you any earlier. Time for a"
"My first batch of Kombucha is great but lacks fizz. Oh, fizz, what did I do wrong?"
"Thanks and for the yummies!"
"#ff cuz he swings his bass"
"The way these niggas trickin, you'd think everyday was halloween."
"Nighty Nite folks! Gotta get some "
"Aint got shit to do in school so why go ?"
"it's a good show dude."
"Was it love at first sight, cause I walked by last week fa la la la"
"I like eggs."
"\"The first and great commandment is: Don't let them scare you.\" Redesign Thursday! Bring it! Voodoo"
"hear abt attempt to introduce rhythmic dance to Norwegians. Too Late? :("
"no dont be mistaken that just kills me inside a little more everytime it happens"
"you ratchet!"
"“: How do you fall out of a car though? 😳”open the door"
"thanks much!"
"From a FB friend's post... \"Damn its windy. I think Mega Maid went from suck to blow!\" May the schwartz be with you all this Friday!"
"#letsbringback this street team twitter<3 its been a hot minute! ):"
"Happy Independence Day!!!"
"You might be gettin a check...But u still Lame as FUCK ......"
"haha! You rock, ladies. Skip the make-up, just let me join one of your challenges some day."
"probably not good to be with another aquarius then."
"The righteous won't be forsaken. You better believe it"
"#plazadepanama 2nite! May 3 / 6pm Balboa Park Committee Balboa Park Club, 2144 Pan American Road West in Balboa Park ·Santa Fe Room"
"“Hey…You Don’t Know Me.”…Well Lets Both Thank Karma For That…"
"Turning off distractions is difficult but must be done."
"Did you just say what I just said as if you said it first?"
"DC lunch meetups are the best!"
"nope you in town? and I are eating then heading to None though to catch up w some ppl meet us too?"
"Okay....ready to go home now...we've been at the mall for 6 hrs"
"mostly all my friends backstabbed me. the only real friends back then, are my bestfriends now"
"Going to go camping one weekend, who wants to come :D"
"Love it! Witty customers with waterproof ipods"
"This weekend didn't go so well nor did today and I'm hoping this whole week isn't a reapeat -_-"
"lol alright I guess i'll be there this fall 😁"
"had fun - looking forward to CA! xoxo"
"let me know im gonna be there."
"Makes my blood boil-this is a legitimate right of"
"If your home was built before 1976 make sure to have your ceilings tested by a Certified Asbestos consultant."
"thanks for the #FF love!"
"why do so many gays want to be \"plastic?\" Plastic is cheap, just look at Barbie, each one of those whores is only like $15. lol."
"happy birthday bro!!!! Have fun down there!"
"Great day for the ! Got to finally meet and get her aboard the team!"
"Graduate to the next level with this week's Custom and Micro Beds! Check them out now on #productionvault!"
"it's always nic cage movies i end up live tweeting and i'm pretty sure that's because i always watch them alone."
"tie clip is a great addition...as long as it's not a clip-on tie. We're keeping it classy."
"Nationals scoreless in first 3 innings."
"Come on, just let me skip to the freaking test already!"
"You too!"
"Another day filled of looking for a job. Let's get after it. Time can only tell what the future holds for me."
"Dear Shower, I love how hot you get when I turn you on."
"now i know."
"not right now because im still talking to him ..."
"Line-up...COP OUT by THE ASST by Julie Cohen/Ted Kupper MS. YOUNG by SPIDERS & SNAKES by"
"fucking LOVING #21JumpStreet !!! Laughing my ASS off the whole time!! 😂😂😂"
"Loving the NOVA Weather! What's Going On in Fairfax? Chantilly? Centreville?"
"tall skinny guys"
"Big applause for Ohio repealing its collective bargaining law"
"Im going to be like you and follow my dreams and make a difference in this world as well <3"
"im confused as to what part of iI CANT TALK you don't understand"
"don't here all the smack talk now Frat! Lol Get prepared to take off YOUR license plate and flag."
"So the girl who plays Marnie on ... Her dad is the the \"How to Catch A Predator\" host!"
"I forgot how glorious it is to wear a T-shirt! #globalwarming?"
"I'm so doing the snakehead. Tonight or tomorrow!"
"“ Tony parker gets off tho lol”"
"Our office is next to a state park with a lot of Black Bears. We wanted a name that was brandable"
"The Mother's Day remake was just OK. Jaime King was pretty great."
"#notbuyingit hash tag is kinda just being a debbie downer... but agree was awful"
"Haven't had over 1000 in months!"
"should have followed back"
"Just made some Peruvian food (Lomo Saltado).. yummy!"
"One final left!!!!"
"Blackberry or iphone? I hate my blackberry Pearl...think I'm making the switch to AT&T and joining the world of iphone..."
"nothing much you?"
"If you have balls hanging from your truck I will automatically assume you are a douche."
"pretty sure it's \"correx\""
"A4. While a treatment plan is different for everyone, ideally your family and any other support system should be involved"
"I Follow What You Sayin #Baby You Ain't Gotta #Twitter Ish"
"when you walk in faith and refuse to quit, God guarantees your obstacles won't prevent your dream from being fulfilled..."
"I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly"
"Thanks Jack! As are you. :)"
"Working out!"
"Always WINNING!"
"Thank you for your reply. What is your specialty?"
"Over thinking which breakout sessions to attend - so many good options!!!"
"EVERYONE WHO KNOWS HOW TO DRESS TO IMPRESS HEAD OUT TO LONGBAR TONIGHT!:)"
"Congrats 😊❤ I want to see him soon!"
"Lol I'm always up this earlier it really doesn't bother me at all :)"
"Sweet. I'm in good company, there!"
"HOLY SHIT. They should be arrested for assault. #foodallergy nightmare."
"I know right and now I'm like balling my eyes out omfg"
"do you know which game will be broadcasted tomorrow on Palestine Tv?"
"missing everything. Have to ck when the replay is tomorrow"
"Good luck & , may the best of you come in 2nd."
"I STUDY ALL THE MASTERS!!!! \"I LIKE SHAOLIN MONKS\"-REDMAN\"WE RUN N.Y.\"-DARE IZ A DARKSIDE"
"How old is your daughter?"
"is stardoll a new program? lol im very behind"
"Wat if dere were no hypothetical questions???"
"#youngsluts are all used up by 20."
"damn bro :o"
"Moms and pops didn't raise no dummy they raised a solider Much love to my parents!"
"thank you for always being a really great and amazing means alot"
"so how do we win?"
"We have vegitarian options ;) but were glad you like our meat!"
"Just like I do and thanks alot for that!"
"Preferably someone between the ages of 25-35"
"Do I have any frat that's a crazy 8 club"
"#ThatOnePersonInSchool you can't stop thinking about.. <3"
"I read hard copies of #HungerGames and #CatchingFire . Started listening to #Mockingjay , but the narrator sounds...old. :("
"One panel has been ransomed! Come down to see it!"
"If Alaric just killed Bonnie I will be beyond upset."
"They watched the famous Balinese Room, a live music venue and nightclub, get washed away."
"Grab a script from the Star Cast website and start practicing! You never know until you try! I am sure you'll do great! :)"
"Robust search of training catalogs in Plateau6.4 - very helpful for users to target the training they need."
"Mixters class! BORING!!!!!!!"
"I made fish tacos (w/Guiness stout batter for frying the fish) recently. Not SD good, but not half bad..."
"will do"
"#ObamaBooksTitles \" believe what I say, not what I do\" . ,)"
"that's the Bob Allen on Maple Ave, right?"
"haha that's true!"
"It is suggested that I follow What the shit?! I don't even wear makeup every time I wear dresses."
"#CincoDeBreezy , HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I love you !"
"Stevie wonder is my dude but it's time to cut the hair !"
"chord overstreet & zombies"
"yes please!"
"Speechless... absolutely speechless... 32 yards?"
"Ah yeeah Chargers 🏈"
"ole, i wonder Why :/ *Shrugs*"
"will be doing a seminar tomorrow evening, Monday, March 22, from 7-9 pm at the Stone in the LES focusing on \"Making Records.\" U dig?"
"Good morning !!!!! :D am still up couldn't fall asleep! :( <21"
"Who's it gonna be?"
"\"my car\" video#suckafree I'm down!"
"WATCHING \"THINK LIKE A MAN\" lol"
"If it weren't the dog it would be kids or a car or something else. People can't just break up & move on."
"\"We've heard a lot of Bush since getting to Alberquerque.\" -Mike G, Al Lover & The Haters 2012 Strange Blanket Tour."
"Do not be nervous hey he wears those cute little argyle socks and yes tomorrow is birthday"
"agreed, I wouldn't have guessed that blackberry is the phone of choice for urban London youths."
"RT Laughter is the corrective force which prevents us from becoming cranks.~Henri Bergson"
"Oh, that's the best news, thanks for pointing out irginia is waking up!"
"I'm not a player i just crush alot ."
"Now it a line"
"hey what's up ma"
"Nice, Dragon Dictation works pretty well!"
"Seeking a #Network Administrator for a contract-to-hire position. Windows Server, AD, EX with LAN/WAN exposure. ."
"Leadership is integral thinking - Kenneth E. Bruscia"
"1,005th tweet s/o goes to !"
"Dear Earth, Just want to make you a better place with occasional pay while doing it so I can eat relatively well. Is that too much to ask?"
"Damn today is going by slow af"
"more language options might help, especially if this is intended for a foreign audience."
"can't get enough of something exciting huh!.."
"BIG MONEY"
"Thrilled is emcee for Saturday's Hospital Food Fight. Follow if you can't join us for this Stillwaters event."
"We're dirtaay."
"that awkward moment when someone in a flash mob is really off..."
"The Republican Primary race is turning into a big joke. What a shame for the Republican Party."
"You Obviously Love Oreos duh..."
"#3wordsforyou pack a bowl"
"Organic Chef to supply Locally Grown All Natural Sustainable Beef, Pork to Kon-E-Zee"
"come to playhouse"
"Previous photo is of the #bluebird (which is ironically purple) and the #snowprincess ! I also potted a #strawberry plant!"
"People at school. Girl: \"I love Justin Bieber. I'm like the biggest belieber out there.\" Me: \"I love Jerry.\" Girl: \"Who's Jerry?\""
"im a fedex guy in portland. If she looks like you i would as well. :-)"
"I cooked & ate liver & onions, my grown-up meal turned out pretty good."
"Thank you Ms. Tuesday. Hope the proper high class b. card is bringing lots of b!"
"Today in 1828 NoahWebster, widely known as a crackpot, published American Dictionary wch remade his reputation into Founding Father"
"Mrs. Truman is resigning? #wtf #sadAnna :/"
"Wishing you all a wonderful new year. Tanti auguri!"
"ha! I have almost done it twice... To motorcycles, too! They should know to park towards the back of the spot... #beintheknow :)"
"Feels good to barely beat a bad team. Orange crush is back suckas."
"thanks for the follow. love your company name... classic milwaukee!"
"LOL!!! RT : Guess I'll grab a Falcons sweatshirt from the airport in Atlanta....... Nah, I rather freeze."
"Google Doodles - the fun, date-driven alternative logos located on Google homepage - may have started as a bit of a joke back in 1998"
"Finally named a Ped Pal that best describes my personality Yes I confess, I am a Soap Slut smells like yummy sweet Apricot Fressia \"yikkes\""
"My Mom thinks LOL stands for \"Lot Of Love\" she just texted me \"Your grandfather just died, LOL.\""
"FRIDAY FISH FRY new beer batter using New Glarus 2 Woman Lager it is grand. Happy hour & Late night happy hour celebrate Friday"
"\"Get Your Mind Set,Confidence Will Lead You On.\""
"yeah, I like smaller ones too. This will be my first annual. Have to go for emerging leaders stuff."
"Cotto I canr stand maywether he dnt box untill his opponent is tired... N u??"
"Over 10 years ago I had to drive 3 hours to see Tonight I can watch their performance at home."
"The frozen yogurt craze has finally hit me. Pinkberry after an hour long walk is magical :-)"
"doing well. God has been real good!"
"BidClerk Assumes Key Sponsorship Role At AIA 2012 Convention"
"it's the name of the song. Have you heard it? It's one of favorites"
"(That's the new opinion on the Wire Act--that it only applies to sports betting.)"
"Going camping & hiking near Leavenworth. Wish us luck!"
"Would you stand up and walk out on me?"
"woot! Congrats on review!"
"Smart kids that smoke weed..HONOR ROLL."
"Fenna do an experiment... Ima do something yall do but with my own lil touch"
"Hi Everyone ! Thanks for inviting me"
"Trying to take a nap but there are 2 cats boning outside my window. Yes I'm talking about real felines here and no, I'm not kidding."
"ohh I see"
"shout out to"
"Styles How That Work"
"Dentist appiont...this is when i finally get all my complete braces on"
"in all caps hehehe whats wrong my tweet fellow"
"COOK, #Spurs! #COOK!!"
"haha! You'll be a pro!"
"How come none of you #Texans know what those locust bugs/moths are that are plastered on my car as I drive south to Florida?"
"wtf when was this?!"
"Austin is Sexy and I RT ;) :D"
"RT : Chewing minty gum on an empty stomach <"
"Now That I Am Older The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom."
"#3WordsForYou I. Hate. You. (:"
"I've had a twitter for too long, I sweaa."
"Welcome new follower multi-faceted Bog Writer, reader, book/music/film/travel reviewer."
"Tower 23 hip, cool decor, syrah at sunset spectacular, a pb jewel"
"Hackers Bully"
"no.. I literally just got home from the airport.. But in the past they have usually played them around 10 am.. We will see :)"
"“: u done disappeared! Where U been?! #Chicago #Beauty” I'm back tho"
"it feel much better I did Wat u said thanks"
"Now checking out Haywire"
"1 more hour"
"saw her in dallas last sat...my guess is she is an animal"
"I'm afraid to click the link...."
"They seem to add breadth AND depth to the inhumanity."
"Me too! RT Excited to meet my fellow VIP bloggers tmrw- some old friends, many new."
"FOOD FUNNIES: What’s a doll’s favorite food? Barbie-Q!"
"Never called me. -cries-"
"MLK day!!! The man is not acknowledged enough"
"el oh el if jordy ever got pulled over for bein wasted then he can hang with my dad cuz yolo daddy used to do that"
"Lol. It's ma first tweet in this account! Luv yaa !! You are my role model. :]"
"and you thought i wasn't going to follow you......"
"I'm staying UP ALL NIGHT!!"
"now what she is holding is REAL beer"
"are you going to be wearing 3 or 7 for ???"
"This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak"
"Berkshire's NetJets Names Partners in China Joint Venture - Wall Street Journal"
"Is that raw chicken in a bowl in Debra Messing's living room?"
"I got you, bro! But you gotta follow me & back first before I make your brownies. :)"
"will take a look in the morn. Welcome home!"
"Looking for a good time? Join Karaoke MVP tonight for karaoke and spoken word at iLounge at 8PM. 1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta. See you there"
"@ the White House now."
"this week will be the death of me."
"what is this BS you tweet of?"
"that's cause you ain't looking for the ballers & we do have comic book stores they got like 5 in kenner"
"The Real Tom Ford has clearly found the real Fountain of Youth. I die."
"it may be the supper club talking but I'm sure all is forgiven"
"i certainly believe that. Patience is one thing I've learned... because sometimes it's all in the timing. Be blessed, brotha."
"I don't know who is, but I have never met a Urie in the US that I am not related to one way or another."
"WORD TO MY MOMA IM WHAT THE DRAMA BRINGS JUMP OUT OF A HONDA WIT OSMOMABIN KING KONG CLIPSLOOK SHOOt AT IS BRAIN GOT THE GAME ON CHAIN"
"Pretty cool to buy a $40 ticket to sample beer and all the $ goes to charity!"
"NOBODY can hold me back from my dreams"
"RT : Wait, cut off my mic? Seriously? RT : ...it's funny, cus, you were on mute.....yeah"
"Vets, too! RT : If you don’t understand something your dr. says–speak up! Even careful drs. can be guilty of using jargon."
"This mood I've been in. <<<"
"Some types of hair loss may be temporary and reversible with proper diet, nutrition and supplements"
"\"Dueling Chainsaws\" seems to be the neighbourhood soundtrack today."
"#AllRelationshipsNeed to be able to act like bestfriends"
"Still up..."
"\": \"Wisdom, compassion and courage are the universally recognized moral qualities of men.\" ~ Confucius\""
"Check ur email and let me know what you think"
"Two descendants featured in the film and Pulitzer Prize-winning author Douglas Blackmon will join us for a discussion afterwards."
"you two speak the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (LOL book we read in the 7th grade)"
"Need coffee. TGIF"
"we will be back next week, something came up and we are at Marquette campus...sorry about that."
"whats good big homie can i get a #followback i got some Chicago talent i need you to hear"
"\"In my town, the sound of dragging knuckles is normal.\""
"you know by saying it you going to have them pop up all over now"
"No Pulitzer for fiction, interesting. Thoughts?"
"How many apples are in one apple seed?"
"The MyYahoo magnifying glass, which opens a window and then makes u open a new browser sucks. Hello... user experience group r u listening?"
"Already in bed..chilling to this Taylor Allderdice..good so far!"
"What the hell am i doing up at 6 in the morning!?!? Ugh ill end up sleeping the day off -__-"
"Cool post! What is the significance of this chart and is there a link that I can go to?"
"Hard to say. Kennedy, I suspect, is the swing vote."
"Been wondering all day why this pair of boxers doesnt have the hole in front. Just now realized I put them on backwards this AM"
"we do a food and wine show and a home and garden show in Houston. Would you like some information?"
"That's good starter traffic. My blog takes up 13.7 trillion Terabytes of webspace....a day."
"Of course. Pure Rove playbook move. 10 years from now, we'll be ashamed of this period of time."
"whats up?! How are you?"
"when he came in that Monday y'all left, he thought it had a slow leak. It looked fine today, just wanted to let him know"
"No one can change a person , but a person could be the reason someone changes."
"Happy Thanksgiving Jack! Hope you have a great day and good luck on the court this season."
"Don't, don't, don't pick your scabs! Scabs are dried blood, so we treat 'em with care!"
"Herman lay out D leads to a big huck to Rainwater. Two passes later retake six-goal lead. 21-15, late third qtr."
"I MADE THE COVER PHOTO THANKS (;"
"Was voter #50 at my polling place. Pushed the button for Williams for DA & Mandel for Controller. Philadelphians, go VOTE!"
"ack! bathroom key and computer sign-up!"
"\": Mayer Hawthorne is the best station on Pandora. #np - Ben E. King - Stand by Me\" I am 100% in agreement with this statement."
"Temple Grandin would be proud of that translation."
"Just made 4 copies of my bachelors degree for relatives. Its funny how we work so many years for one sheet of paper"
"Just noticed was my 1,000th follow!"
"nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla"
"feeling better somewhat better. He has been getting lots of slushies!"
"niggas is always mad at the go gettas lol funny"
"would love to create lists on the fly, tag specific tweets (and share)"
"I love that feeling when someone tells me ive been loosing weight. Im so proud of myself and feel so accomplished. :')"
"cuz i dont want to duh"
"haven't heard from you"
"Keep employees in the know about the company fleet. We’ll add $5 to your account when new biz members follow ! DM us for deets."
"Dreams are the touchstones of our character. Henry David Thoreau"
"The team all went on assignment to experience the delights of Have you signed up yet?"
"2 successful radio events, now lunch/dinner and off to rock the mic for the #working!"
"Was there a shortage of artists tonight?"
"i'm sick of thdominat0r. what should i change my username to..."
"Mean girls"
"Thanks!! You've been a great supporter!"
"is really ill at this time in the morning lol"
"welcome hey u should inbox me ;)"
"urgh i really wish i didnt have to go this lab at 4 -___-"
"where u at diiiide"
"Cycling meets Apple iOS - Runtastic Road Bike - have your fans cheer you on"
"I could use a few glasses of wine"
"It's FUN rain or shine"
"Don't forget that we've got 's Norwegian Blue on draft!"
"did you like the Hunger Games film?"
"Congrats and welcome! MT my daughter got accepted to #SDSU for journalism. I'm wondering what she is getting herself into."
"#hookmeup with some new music guys! Send links my way!"
"In my discipline, we call those people \"washouts.\" Seriously, you get eight years, and then you're booted."
"So jealous of Tyler for getting another free band trip to NYC to play for ESPN. best way to travel in college I have learned."
"complain!...and stay close to the bathroom ha! But really I just find time helps, usually about 3 days."
"Moderating live stream/livechat of special on #sept11 with award-winning correspondent"
"What's up with fake mustaches being so popular right now?"
"How Much? RT : #ForSale: Somehow I ended up with an unlOcked iPhone 4 for T-Mobile. Someone buy this off me"
"In pictures: Tottenham Court Road shut down due to 'hostage situation' One of the busiest shopping streets in London has been evacuated d"
"I can't with this chick's blue hair that matches her Sandford Brown scrubs."
"Thanks for the follow!"
"Opting out is becoming more difficult - subjective (social obligation) or is the challenge in the design of the interface?"
"- my students love it."
"Level 1 Cert #CrossFit complete. Great course and great instructors thanks a mil guys!"
"Too much alliteration for me."
"follow me, i'll follow back(: just ask.."
"wow. I think I'd go by Jim. lol"
"\"I'm on a seaweed diet\" \"Oh word?\" \"Yeah, I see weed & I smoke it\" 💨✌"
"\"Man is the Bastard\""
"Stampp Corbin: Did manchester buy UT because of the land, not to run a newspaper"
"Fat Albert (;"
"Can't wait to see u tonight in Seattle"
"Crayons are a lot like M & M's, all the colors taste the same"
"Happy 4th of July weekend to all of our wonderful followers!!"
"smh, I give up on this one, too tired"
"great now the whole world knows!"
"talking about building ecommerce as a framework to build commerce with rather than an application at"
"If a grown man that gets right up on a small childs backside and caresses his hips doesnt make him wanna get clean nothing will"
"Any rain should come to an end by 7pm in Waukesha."
"Monitor your information. Google ur name often, set up alerts and let people know what ur expectations are for personal info"
"You know everyone keep saying well that's your mom, #Not At All"
"nailed it. please send to Bowman."
"Thanks for posting these photos!"
"I Let the rain wash my worries away"
"#ThatDepressingMoment when look in the freezer to eat corndogs and find out there is no more"
"You'll be allowed to copy one word per publication. :)"
"Walk into the party and just start bustin"
"b/c"
"what do you mean \"in the full LGBT description\"?"
"Any movie or TV producers holla at me"
"hahahaha perfect! Are you gonna be dj ing anywhere tonight?"
"Really did his thing with that thinking about you track"
"Candlelight Christmas service. My favorite. Love this time of year."
"Fashion is for pussies."
"We are going to show you the connections within Universal Mind through your questions! Live at Miparacon."
"yeah I miss the games too! And losing this team is like a death in the family and I'm not saying that lightly!"
"I do!"
"YES but I have to realize I am never gunna go out with them I will always be an iconiac"
"are vasectomies covered on health care bill?"
"just did my hair its a different hair style for me i will post a picture."
"#FollowFriday Because the arts need your help to survive!"
"RT The Heat were going to Kneel to run the clock out, but there back hurts too much from bending over and taking it all night"
"I love you , you rock"
"Right message, wrong song. Check out Korn's A.D.I.D.A.S. More my speed."
"you better love me! I got nothing but love for you dear!!"
"Nice work yesterday for Milwaukee day."
"We goin in tonight x x PartyBoyDJzSaTx will be inDmix all night! Twerk Team @ Endless Music"
"nice name, wonder if we r related?"
"Happy or scary Friday the 13"
"Thx! And we miss you!"
"the quietness of dawn saves my being..."
"haha! Brooklyn makes me a lil noivious! Haha I love the way they talked"
"#ilovemybrownskin my knitted objects r called karmel princess"
"a lot, but funds are limited!!!"
"There seems to be a consensus that Belltown Pizza is the best \"last stop\" ;-) Good news is it's in my building!!"
"You too, Jamie! Keep your chin up & keep on #writing!"
"Off to teach dependent and independent clauses. Anybody want to fix my sentence fragments?"
"Worst nightmare for Elway: Hightower picks off Manning for game-winning TD in playoff 1st round. Tebow trucks Hightower to beat NE."
"#ThatOnePerson Who Makes Your Day Better:)"
"hahaha of course! The finale was just a disappointment it doesn't excite me for next season"
"Love the unstructured cap. MLB and New Era would never let that happen again."
"About to learn about understanding the social customer from"
"... I got nothing. Seriously, am speechless that they'd write that."
"Creating one more twitter. More for just myself and tweeting little song lyrics here and there. I'll be on both don't worry. :)"
"I just prayed for the first time in many moons. Lets hope someone/thing out there heard it."
"Is silly on twitter?"
"Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school."
"I had u-verse when I lived in Tosa. Never ever had problems. I unfortunately have TWC now, but want to switch when it's available"
"follow me on twitter"
"There are blessings happening in your life that you don't even know about yet!"
"'This is actually really mellow shit...'"
"HOW CAN YOU SMELL ME THROUGH THE COMPUTER?!"
"RT : Detach yourself from guilt, don't feel guilty about honest mistakes you make in life."
"I just finished running 2 laps after track practice im exhausted"
"True. Hm I Wonder Who I Can Ask To Find Out...?"
"Hungry aafpg!!!(as a fat pregnant girl)"
"Thinking about #Luck, and can't shake the awful Massive Attack opening credits. Would've preferred Nick Nolte singing Way Down in the Hole."
"Working fine for me in safari."
"Heading out in the early morn to spend time with family. Look forward to more learning, sharing, and connecting when I return."
"Hey everyone! check me out tomorrow in #Untouchable (The Drew Peterson Story) starring & at 8pm So excited!"
"right! that nigga Wolf was a livewire for sure"
"Gamel with a line drive to right center. Crowd feeling something is about to happen."
"Lakers get such homer calls"
"trying to find consensus on industry \"best practices\" is proving more challenging than I anticipated."
"Sexual abuse against children is most often perpetrated by a friend/relative. Be vigilant."
"The Tipping Point. Kind of embarrassed because I should have read it by now."
"If gotta settle for a piece of you then I gotta say ✌ to you"
"welcome to my world...."
"ok - ran and swam today - good day"
"Katherine Henderson from Auburn, a 200 yr. old Presbyterian seminary. Seeking to be effective peacemakers."
"they have for 50 games, even though I believe drose will return! I know will beat the sixers!"
"great article"
"Powerwalked to yoga so fast that now I'm chillin in mcd's to kill time"
"Count the W and #CLIPPERS moving on to #Spurs (should have lots of #MAVS supporters on this one LOL)"
"This sucks. I got locked out of the bedroom cause I was farting."
"thanks for following me!!! :)"
"just remember that i didn't create that joke"
"Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?"
"Do you watch Teen Mom 2? What did you think of the girls last night?"
"Save money tips have to be weighed against the time and effort needed to use them"
"The only time u should ever look back is to see how far you've come."
"Howling wolf trying to climb out my speakers I drive like a banshee The nightgives it up to thesun The newday hasbegun 1000mph I run to you"
"So when are YOU leaving?"
"A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future”"
"Try \"Road House\" the movie!!!"
"Please don't stare; just say hello..."
"what's your YouTube again?"
"Try \"You Are Everything\" by The Stylistics, or \"Voyage To Atlantis\" by The Isley Brothers. Classic R&B."
"You know you have best friends when they all get in a circle to try and pop a pimple for you while you get ready for your guy."
"Don't u hate it when someone follows you on Twitter and u follow them back, and as soon as u do they hit u wit that pre-typed spam msg shit?"
"Got mine! I see lots of #VoteNo stickers at #MayDay2012! Holla back"
"Me too."
"On the way to L.A. with ! And by \"L.A.\" I mean \"In-N-Out Burger.\""
"It's not enough to be busy, so are the ants. The question is, what are we busy about? -Henry David Thoreau"
"Or me. If you ever hear some guy that starts screaming at people who stop walking near the bottom of an escalator, it's me."
"I've never been one to walk alone but it's time to reach for something more, to wanna live a better life. 'Cause nothing stays the same."
"The sweetness of victory is magnified by the effort it took to achieve it."
"my father did for years. It did finally catch up to him and was a huge mess, even after he died. He passed away in 2006."
"I don't know what Elf on the Shelf is. Is that bad?"
"I don't know what this all means, but I'm hoping it works out for the better... (:"
"OH ITS ON BBY"
"Ladies FREE Ladies FREE Ladies FREE Ladies FREE!!!!! Nine72 after hrs right behind beamers"
"I feel u bro I was never the type to drink smoke nor go to parties so I feel u bro!!!!!"
"Good morning, cardio time!"
"how the hell is Tannehill a top ten pick??? and then a guy like graham harrell go undrafted, i hate the draft"
"What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm."
"What do you to cure a case of the Mondays?"
"Next up: Mint Chocolate Chip Coconut Ice Cream: So Delicious Vs. Larry & Luna's"
"haha! You're on!"
"A bad workman blames his tools for his failures"
"If you have the words with friends app add me... SheriW20 :-)"
"\"come here rude boy boy can you get it up\""
"A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold. ~Ogden Nash"
"aw imy2 :( txt me?"
"oh my goodness you are tweeting from the beyond! Good to know there is wifi!! :)"
"yeah & so was i sorry if I hurt the baby feelings w/ the name calling"
"Happy 2012! I'll see how this year goes. Starting w/ some"
"At the #dnote in olde town arvada tonight. Time for a great fundraiser. Come on down"
"Spring cleaning while listening to"
"Alas, the post makes the common mistake of assuming curation = selection. Blergh."
"You know you are old when half the people on your ipod are dead"
"Hey Soy un seguidor Yiyo. Soy Dominican y viva en Milwaukee. Esprit sue ten ga tuna excellent temporary rate a?no."
"Thanks for the #FF!"
"turn on the game and Tyson Chandler just nasty dunk, upset tonight?"
"I do however, have your name and company, so maybe I'll call and ask for references for your new job…"
"that's too bad...have you seen their home videos before kids? Kate looks so happy...and calm!"
"That is the most important story of the day!"
"that's it. if I hear the word content creation one more time today, i'm gonna pull a double van gogh."
"It feels great outside."
"Jealous! I need to get cracking -- only have a cuff on my second July sock."
"I feel so guilty about canceling Josie's super nice doggy nanny who loves her even though I'll be home all of July."
"15% OFF THE ENTIRE SHOP - #BLACKFRIDAY THROUGH MIDNIGHT ON #CYBERMONDAY!! Enter coupon code \"HOLIDAYCREST\" at checkout :) Go #EtsyCREST!!"
"#SIB as a new way of addressing chronic homelessness? Let's find a way to take solutions to scale. Risk, innovation, outcomes, partnerships."
"Target is screwin with my head."
"#ThatAwkwardMoment when your bus driver talks to himself and makes weird noises...."
"IION GOT TIME FOR FOOLISHNESS DOE"
"that's great, I will try to make it there- love smaller conferences :)"
"My cold will not go away! My whole class has been sneezing and coughing - Thank God it's Friday. I will be sleeping as much as possible."
"#skrillex is like Salvador Dalí on my face"
"I'm chilllin \"switchin speeds like Bruce Lee,ridin a Fuji,in a movie\" Ya shit is"
"\"A leopard never sheds its stripes.\" This is why I watch."
"this girl wont fuckin leave me alone"
"I'm going to hope it isn't true. But that seriously hurt me."
"hi Tierra I'm following you now can you follow me.xoxo ;-)"
"Haven't slept for 2 days.... Bouta catch up on tht:)"
"smells so good. What is that scent? just came to :)"
"and you kissed me like you meant it. and I knew, that you meant it."
"tell her i said happy mothers day:D"
"82 pitch count for Anthony Bass! Gettin his Andy Ashby on!"
"yes and miss you! Hope all is well. Where are you crossfitting?"
"Thank you! RT : #FF for my Recent Follows"
"Manda saw it loved it as well “: Just saw The Avengers. Greatest movie I've ever seen and yes there's gonna be a sequel :)”"
"IM BOUT TO TAKE MY AZZ BACK TO SLEEP!!! >>>"
"I think just working in software certifies you to use \"desi\" but yes, I'm also mango powered 8) cc"
"Guatemalan Proverb Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter."
"peace im in San Francisco right now recording been traveling for like 3 years follow me back ..."
"Working. doing home work. Waiting for my awesome gyro"
"what about buttons of my face?"
"Check out RX at Primary Stages. Great and simple."
"making your own choses in life everyone has there own opinion and wether they like it or not just tell them to fuck off !"
"So lost. So confused. So..... #heartbroken :'("
"I, for one, think you are up to this challenge, Steinar!"
"I wish all 4 could win....."
"Ten dollars off for a rental car if they don't clean it! Hahaha"
"Keep supporting :) they are working hard on new music!"
"off top nigga lone wolf out here.but we can hop on some team death match what's poppin"
"NOW NO SWIMS ON MON"
"Me: You went to the strip club last night? Him: Yes, got a lap dance. We made a connection & I supported the local economy."
"First pun in #SOTU history? Cry over spilt milk?"
"whoa! thats awesome!!!!! thanks we'll figure out something to use that for. feel free to keep makin JADED stuff :)"
"god dam i jammed my knee during football i wonder if i can play nxt game"
"Picture day and I have really bad razor burn."
"Sorry \"POST GAME\".."
"Just found a STE CD on Ebay! Totally buying this!"
"“: I smell a lot of vanilla... Its like I am in a sea of strippers” hahahaha"
"Happy Father's Day everyone!"
"Just bought The Magician King by because I couldn't wait another day for it. Literally."
"lol no its fine. I should probably know.."
"Heard that #Francona refused to throw anyone under the bus today - pity the names he protected didn't do the same for him"
"Good god. We just saw an ad directed at #circus #bloggers. Are you freaking kidding me? Please tell me that's not a real thing. I beg you."
"Goodnight tweeters :)"
"Morning tweet faces:*.."
"Getting grief over whether or not the #empanaditas I made are really considered a pie. Crust, apricot filling...pie. Happy National Pie Day"
"not sure agreeing to come in an hour to work on mondays was my best decision... exhausted after a crazy nyc weekend."
"I'm trying to get it on the band page :/ but it's not working"
"Voters in Green Bay have just more than 2 hours to decide whether to keep or recall Sen. Dave Hansen. We're live in Green Bay at 6 and 10."
"Trying to get myself together."
"\"one of the premier commandments of dictionary making: don't define a word using a harder word\" From A.Word.A.Day"
"awesome, I will be sure to check it out!"
"I have no problem with that."
"lol yea yea yea"
"Sitting, watching doo at basketball practice. Wondering . . ."
"Glad you're doing well :) and thanks so much! Things are going alright."
"Austin's mentions are filled with animal sounds. haha"
"We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life."
"went shopping for a new desk chair, but didn't find any I liked. Came back, sat in my old chair, and it broke...what are the chances?"
"There is a mild correlation between the work that a person does and their perspective on how important that activity is"
"Only 23 days til #graduation!! It's exciting stuff!"
"that movie is the shit in 3d"
"omg but i hate you so much"
"thx! RT: news nets often pay for cars service, meals, hotels, hair, makeup. a $3 app isn't a stretch."
"this is Sonny Joe lol"
"Hey Gayle how did you like the firewalk with Tony that night?"
"And Keith is a solid reporter as well. I'll still be watching."
"Kehinde was at work 3 hours ago & doesnt have internet on his phone so he was #hacked RT >"
"YAY!!! <3 RT Best news of the day: my pop's PET scan was clear, he's cancer free!!!!"
"Fog is burning off - Ocean Beach here we come!!"
"It makes me like Queen a little bit less each time I hear Freddie Mercury sing about how he doesn't like Star Wars."
"I really like this one. \"everything is not for you\" my Mom used to tell me \"if it's ment for you,you will get it!\""
"Where's the poor people section in whole foods?"
"but of course! What did you think?"
"Just ordered my Sweatshirtt:)"
"if u dont stop that lol its to early to be lame"
"Today is my last day living on the edge. I'm kind of sad about it!!"
"please follow me!!"
"You had me at hello and never lost me at goodbye.."
"Dayyam!!! Bieber is bad luck!"
"Woot!! Me too! Love NUTS! =D (eating and being!)"
"Excited and ready to make an impact tomorrow, volunteering w/thousands of my Deloitte colleagues! June 10th is #IMPACTday!"
"APD says Samantha Koenig's whereabouts still unknown, but Deputy Chief Steve Smith says \"Yes, we do think she's alive.\""
"E! 's angel and gentlemen!"
"RT Ridiculous Bush comment. Truly stupid."
"You go by what she say to save yo marriage cause you fucked up instead of doing what's right and sticking to being a man"
"This day can't possibly go by any slower :-\"
"I love you too! Thank you so so much."
"alright, im here. What it do plair?"
"Citrix can suck a fat one. Glad someone else thinks it sucks."
"Just got lied to.. Smh"
"How do we know if we got m&g?!"
"Hahaha, dope! where is that at?"
"I swear this time I mean it .. 😔"
"i figga really bout to die in this iupui library!!! ..........um its goin down outside"
"RT : Come see The Cheap Shots rock the Milwaukee Ale House - AGAIN! Saturday, May 19"
"The honey badger is a local legendary #hardman. You will get to meet him when u come to visit & perhaps even ride with him."
"so glad you love them!! i tots know how you feel! are you dipping them into anything? or just as is?? where are you buying?"
"\": Dipping your fingers in melted wax and then peeling it off when it dries up.\""
"sending some good thoughts your way. Hope all is well."
"Geez, rub it in. RT : Looking forward to the games today! Seats are 45 rows off the floor I can actually see the jersey numbers"
"FB is gay sometimes. Ugh. :(. How're you feeling?"
"First say to yourself what you would be;and then do what you have to do. -Epictetus"
"the awkward moment when he tells you he loves you and you have to explain why you can't say it back :P tah he's so adorable:)"
"me either! We'll have a whole nye hungergames debriefing! Merry christmas to you too!"
"u wish u went to sped school. \"oh mckenzie why are you 10 minutes lat?\" \"oh i forgot to take my meds\" \"oh ok sit down:)\""
"I'm not surprised! You organized!"
"It's a lilll to much"
"#3WordsForYou you're not cool."
"follow back punk"
"Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech."
"Boris Johnson: We need more tax cuts"
"Is listening to the new album by #theasteroids \"Out of Frequency\"; the title doesn't work, it is totally in frequency."
"hay girl hay, welcome to my world!"
"I am stunned U R the most creative intellegent talent person on the show"
"or Seattle ...?"
"jazzy rapist"
"Ur my soul coach all the way. starbucks with you made my day. thanks!"
"Found a sealed canister of crunchy chow mein noodles. Probably the highlight of my week."
"\"The little things you do every day, for the ones you love, is the best proof of love\" ~ #quote rt"
"follow me"
"Bros Ro may need a rooftop annex today-! RT Serving brunch today until 3. Full espresso bar and 2-4-1 mimosas and bloodies!"
"Edit your settings on YT when you post a video or make comments on YT I think you can select to have it posted to twitter & FB."
"#WordPress #Tools Batch Categories – Makes it easier to add posts to another category, or to organize posts when importing from another blog"
"Harris: “That’s not in the best interest of the district to treat people that way”"
"Unfortunately I don't think I can use urban dictionary for this."
"Physical Post. I think Dre will be great next year with all this experience already."
"NTIA BTOP head Tony Wilhelm on the importance of #broadband and the importance of partnership to solve adoption gap"
"Fair warning history friends, it's about to get spacey here for the next two days . I'm at the #NASATweetup for !"
"that's why you finished my food for me, right?"
"Cuddling → Kissing → Biting → Licking → Sucking → Nibbling → Grabbing → Eating → Stroking → Moaning → Nutting → Eating → Sleeping ↺"
"We just got news and Jacklyn will be covering the kardashians signing today! Any questions for the Kardashians!?!!"
"Countdown to #FreeBandsFriday not that far"
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change. - Jim Rohn"
"Lots of new likes in the past few days. Thank you to the Lionesses of LinkedIn! :)"
"When couples call each other baby and babe contantly, I want to throw them off a bridge"
"we will get along then :)"
"It's the beard, Ron. No one can stand that damn beard."
"Matty B that man Matty B"
"after I ate a sausage, I was told it wasn't fully cooked. I am not excited to see how this plays out..."
"OMG YES<3 you heard my prayers!!"
"GSP That was great screwing with his mind ! Respect!!!"
"Happy new year everyone!!"
"A very Happy Birthday to the girl who makes it happen... ! She's gonna conquer the world one day."
"I didn't think I'd need to wear sunblock to the park. I was wrong."
"IHOP With Grandma..Nice :)"
"A few simple tips: Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and Don't decide when you're sad."
"from where!"
"It's the most wonderful time of the year!"
"ok I have tried to touch base with you EVERY way I know of...call when you have a second"
"Thanx! RT if your not following you better!!!"
"Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place"
"Wrapping up notes on #HR_Tech. A good conference-balanced mix of vendors, HR pro's and visionaries. Overall #HRtech exceeded expectations."
"I'm a big fan of people () who really know what they're talking about!"
"you are correct in your conclusion."
"I also think you guys deserve another announcement, too. You've been good. How about later today?"
"great read thanks"
"and so it continues...threat of severe morning storms...off to gym for spin...then home for the brick run..."
"Why you up so early"
"First drink is on me !"
"that looks pretty heavy.."
"my phone has been dead & i havent even been on here :/"
"he's actually Katy Perrys DJ"
"I got em crossed <3 hope things work out cus I want yuh to be happy like me"
"Yes you do all that stuff , but you know an I know an Jeff knows you can't kick my ass hahaha"
"thanks, Billy! Have a fucking funny wknd!"
"RT : I'm talking about Inbox Zero this Thursday - learn how to make your inbox scream uncle =>..."
"thats ok. I go for the baseball :)"
"Wish I could spend mothers day with my amazing momma but of course she's at a soccer tournament."
"Would any kind of petition drive or letter signed by theatre-goers & performers alike help? It's absurd!"
"Repair or Repipe - The 1st step is having an experienced plumber from Plumbing Plus assess your situation 858-486-4070"
"doood that right there is the shit"
"I can imagine, nice cash windfall, do the players get a bonus? Why no OT? I like the favorite in a blowout"
"Crazy nite... At the waffle house then I'm going 2 bed"
"Time for #TriviaTuesday warm up! Which \"True Blood\" star appeared in Gaga's \"Paparazzi\" music video?"
"Think you know someone and then you learn the real name"
"it is?"
"Bitch I'm opening pockets not legs I give conversation but u giving head"
"In Chicago for ALA Executive Board Orientation & Meetings-Long days & much work,all a great honor & also serious responsibility.Wish me luck"
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit."
"When, where, why, and how can I get in?"
"bitch f you! I was watching porn anyway lmbo"
"Thanks everyone for your prayers for my father. He has a torn ligament in his shoulder and the pain is what caused all his nerve problems"
"story development of my film project is constant."
"Coffee, sportscenter, and a jog. Nice start to a pretty day."
"I think at this rate, Twitter might have to be renamed \"Twitter by Brian Croxall et. al\""
"I don't think so...What \"affair\" are you refering to? What ever happened to facts? You should know better."
"impressive growth of : 61 diplomatic missions, 29 domestic offices, & 11 commissions participating = 121 projects"
"#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't be haunted ."
"When I finished at UCSB in 2002, tuition was 1600 per quarter $4,800 per year. So UC tuition has effectively tripled in a decade."
"Thank you I'm very excited to offer our District an Independent choice. Join us!"
"#WFFConf12 Thank you Julia Stewart for all you do to inspire us all to aspire higher!"
"Congrats, Corey! And remember...what happens in Vegas...."
"Thanks for the follow, Ashley! I look forward to sharing."
"I try"
"is accepting nominations to be her Maid of Honor...let me know if you're interested in fulfilling the position."
"Love is delusion that one woman differs from another"
"Another beautiful day in Madison. chapter and executive board meetings tonight. First day of class for me tomorrow."
"me to!! we should get matching ones! haha"
"is any body else feel like there being watched ???? :/"
"Rio Grande Ravens! See you at Prom Tomorrow Night...I'll be the guy at the DJ booth"
"Good Monday Morning! Made a plan, now working the plan! Next stop: results!!"
"The movie Bottle Shock? Eh."
"Happy Easter!!"
"NEW FOUND RESPECT FOR WEB DESIGNERS, MAN THAT ISH TAKES FOREVER!!! CHECK OUT MY SITE HAD TO MAKE SOME UPDATES johnboatnerentertain.com"
"Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. Closed today, back open tomorrow."
"sure I'll try!"
"You totally copied my tweet. Almost word for word, without an RT or even a quote."
"Nobody loves me but my mother,And she could be jivin too. B. B. King"
"Friday - That's all you need to know!"
"OK u gone b hit ima get up wit dude tho I need another tatt man"
"MO House takes up SB 576 related to charter school accountability and access."
"Mosaic - Des Peres is OPEN, stop by have some tapas and cocktails and see this awesome space!!!"
"Whoever doesn't think speech is part of his deeds & character is part of his religion will be destroyed without even realizing -Abu Hurayrah"
"that's a good thing my g...keep pushing!"
"I can make u some, :D"
"Hmu when your ready for reality."
"\"We must consider ourselves agents of change.... 2 make MKE great. I ask u 2 join the HCCW & support this Initiative\"- Maria Monreal-Cameron"
"#pokemonpickuplines favorite thing ever"
"I danced with Alex cause he begged me to(;"
"Dude! A triathlon! But, MailChimp? Really!?"
"Working out, then teaching guitar lesson"
"Am I insane going to Fiesta Tx in the 104 heat?!? Yes. a little bit."
"SPECIAL SESSION of Legislature. Day @ - $120,000.00 and counting. Maybe they will let more criminals out."
"Hate it when people try to cover up their gum chewing habit by smoking cigarettes."
"Random: Neighbor & I have this \"healthy\" Halloween competition every year. We are already talking about potential additions for this fall."
"Thank you to Lynne Doyle and all those who made the amazing event on Saturday possible. There is still time to help!! jitfosteryouth.com"
"He's a good 'un."
"When #yolo is used for everything <<<"
"Some people just need a really good ass whoopin to get their shit straight."
"...as distinct from social MEDIA analysis, which is about content and data on websites/networks."
"ah I see."
"where u applied at?"
"that is a monkey and nyan cat is flying right above us"
"I just love coffee it simply makes me all happy and warm and fuzzy. Also let's me forget the fact that I got 4 hours of sleep last night😱"
"Counting down 10-days to birthday, i.e. I have 10 days to find the **perfect** pair of dangly earrings."
"These slacks were not hemmed for the shoes I want to wear today."
"shoutout -----> . can you follow the,? yes you can. so stop wasting your time reasing this and go follow them. please :D"
"Phil Simms is pale!"
"music just blasted from my work speakers. not awesome. but drink looks cool. i usually like shirtless dancing dogs."
"totally. Which do you look forward to more, Game of Thrones or Mad Men?"
"yeah cool"
"Grow some big feet"
"Success as a eye care manager. Lose you ego and ask for help when you're in over your head."
"Hair in the City - The Finest in Hair Coloring & Styling"
"Alpha Donuts is a little diner in my neighborhood. It seats about 17. There are around 50 people in here now, reading poems in turn."
"Well, it looks like i'm not going to the state fair. I guess i'll just stay home & eat noodles:P"
"House hunting :^)"
"S/o to the dumb mother fucker that called Valentina telling her I was \"pregnant\". Yep. Definitely. My baby's name is Laquandre. Holla."
"Playing with my new phne.... I love it...."
"A lot of our children walk into school with \"education\" being the least important thing in their minds because of their poverty situation."
"Sometimes I RT things and then wonder if everyone who follows me necessarily follows the person I'm RTing anyway."
"So looking forward to tonight."
"If a group of midgets stand up at a football game and do a \"wave\" is it a \"ripple\"?"
"RT : Tomorrow night we're welcoming award-winning columnist Juan Gonzalez to talk about his new book...."
"Onslow is following me! Daisy, are you jealous? (jk)"
"Drinking Vino and making Chicken Parm"
"For a limited time, buy our kid's &quot.pop-up book app&quot. for 99 cents =]"
"Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound I-35 just before Parmer"
"2 complete validated journal runs better than 12 partial runs but places more burdens on participants"
"oh ok"
"Im buying 20 mega millions tickets. So what?"
"Personal problem ;)"
"my mama always get her feelings hurt when i forget to call."
"I'd walk away but i'm in too deep..."
"No #FF for me?? Dang"
"RT : RT : Fuck the past... Make love to the future!"
"Some people have bad hair days, I have bad Zumba days every now and then. Today was one of those days!"
"thanks for the mention! Have a KickAss weekend!"
"Dam Beyonce you never called me back."
"Happy Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day! What are you doing to celebrate and commemorate his legacy?"
"Great article!"
"I was trying to protect my credit card from shock. But I have to figure out alternatives quickly"
"Thanks for all the #FF's!!!!!"
"I've been missing you lately, because you live so far away."
"I was asleep for about 5 minutes before the squirrels started doing whatever they do up there. Beginning to think they aren't squirrels."
"I love having fridays off of school (:"
"Charlottesville seems to have settled down quickly from UVA startup this year. Makes me think I'm missing excitement."
"Why does that dude have a beast mode sign? Is Lynch there?"
"Ughh my stomach hurt!!!"
"I can't express how content I am about how my acting journey is moving along!! It's incredible what being \"focused\" & \"proactive\" attracts!"
"Beautiful Andy, just beautiful! :-)"
"I'm going to Buenos Aires at the end of this month for the annual Psychoanalysis congress. Can anyone help with housing, know the city well?"
"how is brian i have not heard from him in forever? I still hate fl"
"I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown. ~ Woody Allen"
"our conference is during that time but thank you for the invite!"
"At board meeting for Progressive planning for the future!"
"yep how u?"
"The weekend is here. :)"
"Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?"
"love the coca- cola adverts at Christmas time :)"
"thank you so much. I appriciate it <3"
"Happy one month"
"I think there was a certain SNL character at 19? (thanks to Andy for giving us plenty of teasing ammo)"
"Waiting in long line to see Olympians at Aries Apparel. Shawn J and Misty May!"
"Car shopping ... yayers!"
"Oh, I'm excited for your new website!"
"I hear Brian is a big leatherclad gay guy in his dreams"
"Had my first New Orleans egg custard snow ball. Different and good, but not like home."
"THERE IT IS AGAIN."
"Spent the weekend @ the imarketing workshop lead by author Raymond Aaron. Learned a bunch and had fun doing it:)"
"bummer. wish you'd reconsider. paul is nothing like the others in GOPs"
"Look out! I am Sqaured Up and now accepting all major credit cards!"
"my. neighbors. so much yelling. so much everything."
"Critical : Got some expert dating advice from one of my favorite people tonight. Tip 1 Lower my standards"
"So thrilled to see your column today! Thanks for giving and me a shout-out."
"Lmaoo RT : nothing just being you and you're never good"
"Does he HATE me ? :("
"Good [: its been like 2hours since you ate your sammich dude!;o"
"oh lord…oh hey Greyson……"
"Thanks for all the love and support"
"Okur going down for the #Jazz isn't going to bode well for them"
"Complaints galore today, thanks everyone! LOL"
"Loved it! - can't wait for Season 2 to start!"
"Last class = taught."
"Finally, President Callaway comes clean with her birth certificate."
"I wish the people working on my neighbor's house weren't so damn LOUD this early in the morning ugh."
"I mean shit! ~Everyone~ knows how I vote. But, do your future/present employers need to know?"
"Yes ma'am. I can always use another thumbs up! :)"
"I LOVE Mindless Behavior!!!"
"Pizza is the world’s most perfect food. Just my opinion."
"Quite the time saver actually. They were going to cancel it anyway, right at the point when the story got good."
"can't deny that i want to, but i lie if have to cause you don't say you love me"
"I like both interpretations anyway. I have a black sense of humor. Thanks for the well-wishes. I know you love tough old dogs too."
"LOL ... BUT HE PULLED IT OFF WELL I HAVE TO say ....."
"When where you want to be is unavailable, even a crowded bar feels pretty lonely."
"#arts Hum a tune or doodle a masterpiece - it's Arts Advocacy Day"
"The only problem is that we're both kind of shy xD"
"Observation: The words \"suddenly and unexpectedly\" almost never appear after something good."
"Head scratcher: What do U say 2 a lady U dont know that is middle eastern & wearing 1 of those head scarf thingys after she sneezes?"
"I've been back in LA for 2 days and I'm coughing so much! Smog alert!!"
"You were amazing at the concert last night! It was a real treat to see you perform!"
"It is physically impossible to distinguish who's hotter, edward or jacob"
"In the future when you explain to the kids your ball cap worn low & turned to the side they will ask \"So you weren't retarded?\""
"Big A done got brand new on me! Lol j/k :)"
"$120? What happened to the whole \"Free Healthcare\" thing?"
"Sending out orders in a hour, so if you want some summer swag get it now! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT"
"Japan tried high-pressure water that dropped batches of seawater in increasingly frantic attempts to cool an overheated nuclear complex."
"Watching NYPD blue, much better action than the game tonight."
"what is life but a series of moments..."
"folks r afraid of him. rt I don't understand why they keep Kasey around. He's such a snake!"
"Nice view to wake up to. Good Morning!"
"It's not too late to go to my Face Book fan page, Todd Miner Law, and register for a free driving course for your son, daughter, grandchild."
"WHew! and are back at least!"
"Nice to meet you yesterday!"
"I didn't know anyone else was a contender RT: Everybody get ready to vote for on tonight!!!!!!!!!"
"check out the sunrise, it's purple"
"it was a bit disconcerting to see all the 'muckrakers' this week on Twitter."
"Hurry if you still want to see the show at Ocean County Artists' Guild. Show take down is Jan 29th. :)"
"youll have some one day :)"
"RT : thank you for your encouragement! ~ Sending lots of love & blessings your way!"
"also need to feature \"Mindset\" & C.Dweck here. Need someone to volunteer for a book report. Extra credit :)"
"i want a guy that can make me smile when i want to cry my ray of sunshine to the storm"
"i wonder if hard wood is pretti wen its on fire"
"Since both Claver/Freeland were drafted more than 3 years ago, rookie scale no longer applies. Have to use space to sign."
"Who likes cheesecake?"
"Happy 90210 Day!"
"RT : follow back (Following now...)"
"Wow, what is Eddie's job status now? I actually hate NBA, but really how slow&methodical can u really play w/a 24 second clock."
"Yea it's in one of the sections we wanted. What about you guys?"
"Happy Friday Facebook Friends! Have a wonderful Labor Day Weekend!!"
"We should be promoting social on air, not just home page."
"Both are great favorites of mine."
"when someone is staring at me in public i say \"peek a fuckin' boo\" :p"
"hello my twitter follower"
"Great night with and a whole table of smart cool people. Thanks for a great evening folks!"
"RT : Bartenders’ soapbox: When you’re hunting for a new bartending job, what do you look for in a potential establishment?"
"Last night's game was awesome. Even if you DID try to kill me. You ornery brat"
"Yay!/Wha?? My unborn baby likes Spirit Caravan."
"I think he has identity issues. lol."
"you convinced me. #ITotallyDidntBuyTicketsEarlier #Iswear ha ha ha"
"You also have a good day.May the sun shine bright on ur soul and in and around ur heart (peace)"
"These are all Amazing! I Love this one the best though!!"
"lolz you almost brought a tear to my eye! ."
". #StaceyBobble all time fave still \" did you not get the memo???!!! \""
"Your a fake ass bitch:)"
"Thanks. I can get you a contact."
"If you listen to your fears, you'll die never knowing what a brilliant person you might have been."
"Unacceptable Behaviors: suggestive or obscene letters, notes, invitations or email received at work or at home"
"I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡5"
"...cuz 10 years from now, it's not gonna matter if you had 100,000 subscribers on youtube"
"Thanks Clifford! RT , Friends for"
"In the words of"
"Hm. When you don't know if an indirect tweets about you <<"
"Weather here is great lately, warm during the day and cool at night."
"A singularly excellent argument for jettisoning this crazy piecemeal system and doing single payer!"
"Perfect day for the Baseball Championship at Camden Yards! Come see Poly battle Digital Harbor! First Pitch 205! No Cost"
"\"Be nice to everybody.\" - My Mom"
"Love your FABULOUS new monniker!"
"I love the lines the men use to get us into bed. Please, I'll only put it in for a minute. What am I, a microwave? - Beverly Mickins"
"Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were gonna do anyway.."
"Their mj. concern now is how to support/teach with the variety of devices."
"I mean I have been watching these chicks from the beginning and she has really changed"
"So who are the lucky people at playlist live? -____-"
"At an EPA workshop on connecting mobile/internet apps with air pollution sensors. Lots of discussion around making complex data usable."
"little more classy than my sis who woke up in t' footwell after popping a pill 4 a trans-Atlantic flight"
"« I could never be with a boring person»"
"Im not a killer, but dont push me!!!! :-\"
"Employee empowerment + innovation go hand in hand. Profits, customer sat, loyalty follow: etc. cc"
"#ff - an amazing and unique new chamber music festival. see what they're about!"
"you gon learn today, you gon learn what a long dick is today, aright aright aright!"
"yeah(: I love Peyton(: he's cool!"
"Your gonna have bad karma homegirlllll"
"drake hands down!!"
"Austin Thornton can suck it."
"And it's all I've ever known. When I'm in Washington, I'm at a loss. Usually friend(s) do that for me."
"i just ran into a chair.."
"ok that might work- but I have a feeling I'd still get burned... Huh huh huh"
"Thanks for spreading the word about EHS!"
"Why can't I see in me what other people see??? What's that shit all about??????"
"Fun Fact of the Day: The accent of a cow’s mooing depends on the region it belongs to!"
"Stop by Kleven Contemporary in 2012...at least once so you can say you've been here..."
"Our team is also never intimidated, never self-centered and never naive. After starting 5-8, 2 b here took consistent effort/toughness!"
"(part 2) I get bored easily. Hence why I liked working as a temp - always some new job to learn. Being good makes you hard to promote. Grrr."
"stop tweeting and sell something. :-)"
"That looks to have been awesome! Also, for the record - Chumbawamba was serious as all fuck. People forget."
"yah yah you convinced me!! Ha"
"happy anniversary!!"
"Start my new job on the 15th of May."
"It's financial training day at City Hall, but it seems one of the council members is missing out on the fun. What are you up to ?"
"Then no one dies nigga...lets secretly kill doe"
"Hi Jean - thanks for the #FF mention! Bewitching #FF is very intriguing . . . Have a great weekend!"
"Then I read this & nothing else ever mattered: “New York, New York” sing-along in Central Pk Fri. nite at opening ceremony!!"
"RT : Dinner at old Sinatra Chicago hangout, Twin Anchors, w/Paul Duttlinger, huge supporter of Notre Dame Univ women's basketball"
"Coming off the Bay Bridge this afternoon, on the Oakland side, I noticed tons of litter & heavy weed growth. Reflects"
"um why say this when you r not?"
"You're def. right about that. There are hardly any cars."
"you guys are awesome i listen to your album before i go to bed and i have not stopped listening to it since i bought it"
"#student Cresval Announces Stock Option Grant"
"Individuals: We're all in this together!"
"Hey how about \"So Many Girls\" by !?!"
"Today @ 2pm I'm doing a radio show \"All Things Green\" w/ Lisa Justice. Go to www.wsRadio.com and click on Live Studio B. On our website Wed."
"Bye week for Sporting KC, why not get your fix with Sporting Reserve game! 6pm Swope park - That's 45 minutes from now! Let's GO!"
"Can I still block all of my photos, in one privacy setting, with Facebook timeline? Anyone know?"
"honestly if i could make a wish it would be to meet you! can you follow me plz?<3"
"Dear Attorney friends, call us today & you too can be laughing--all the way to the bank!"
"Is there a legit reason the timbers used their '3rd kit' ?"
"that is pretty! Fodera makes a nice bass!"
"thanks for the follow"
"Busy weekend working aroung the house. Sore. Gotta stretch 'em out."
"unbelievably adorable."
"Cerberus closes German property deal"
"Your paint colors are the very best."
"ACES workshop with - my brain is locked and loaded"
"I'm hurting"
"Its a wedding weekend. Rehearsal tonight with a fantastic wedding tomorrow. I can't wait.-Ashli Cox Catering Sales Manager"
"HAPPY NEW YEARS"
"Also, I can't wait for to come back this fall!"
"Im SO in ~~~~> RT : Haters and Cansecomaniacs. Let's do history. Please write me in MLB all star ballot."
"you are speaking English right now -.-"
"congrats Coach keep up the great work"
"Do they send a letter home when you get a Saturday detention?"
"yes, of course!"
"I love this thread of snips -- thanks so much for posting them. Have to get that book."
"The war in Iraq is officially over, what a drag."
"... Hey ! ... I still want a chance to sell every used car on your lot in the next 30 days ! Call me ! ... 323-370-6419 ..."
"#MCRChat Yeah!!!!!! I`m Here XD"
"Lol @ that #yinzer that just jumped in front of the camera during take me out to the ball game"
"Hi. Yes, send me details. Will want to promote this event."
"finishing up tracks for song #2. trying to see if i can get my cousin from the west coast to do some vocals as well"
"The roof's on fire!"
"that moment when you wake up hungover at 1pm and realize you've missed actual whole entire #NHL playoff games"
"it's been a good run!"
"Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you is determinism; the way you play it is free will. - Jawaharlal Nehru -"
"what did u we used to say from that movie?"
"Just passed St Michael's in Old Towne (right off of the brown line sedgwick stop). Beautiful historic church!"
"haha 13 thanks;) what are you doing?"
"Donna Summer died ... RIP love. <3"
"I know it's been months, but WHEN are we meeting on Skype again? lol, I promise to be on this time!"
"Helen is making pies. That is a god thing!!!"
"Can't wait to see & Live on Saturday ! Hit me up for Table Reservations and Guest List Info!"
"Today marks the one week coundown to giant FLUKE!!!!! May 1 7am! Also we will begin our night porgy trip on Fri May 4!!!"
"They are setting you up:) it's coming...LOL"
"You're messing with my head, boy that's what you do best </3"
"I must try this. “: When I see political attack ads, I put my fingers in my ears&make up Beavis&Butt-Head dialogue. MUCH better.”"
"IASAS @ NASPA 7 am meeting very productive! thankyou Roger, Lisa and Rob....David the coffee did help!!"
"are you opening for brunch/lunch on Monday?"
"when u smile it makes me smile,when u laugh it makes me laugh. How come whatever you do,it makes me wanna be with you"
"She went from regular college kid to ESPN superstar to scam artist in one big swoop."
"You are most welcome!"
"Happy Birthday goes to my little brother This is like my bestfriend and my brother in one. Love him to death."
"Get back to work! I may have to drop by later...maybe\": I feel like trollin but I'm gonna be cool.....lol\""
"#slcwebinar diversity in your networks is key; correlation btw diversity and innovation"
"About a week in and I'm still enjoying it. If you're around Wifi that much, I'd go for it"
"Special-effin' Libraries Thursday (only 2 more to go!) Today, Prison Librarian guest speaker."
"#Mickelson struggling off the course, why? WWW.ussportspages.com"
"Dropping my hairbrush during quiet hours sounds like a gunshot. Which reminds me, I forgot to check Facebook today."
"i just watched the xtre factor from last night and you lot just crack me up! I freaking love yous"
"and it's time to call it a night. Going shopping tomorrow! I must constantly remind myself that I don't have any room in my suitcase!!"
"Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!"
"tonight! So excited!"
"Now that is a cocktail we could get involved with."
"Sports radio fans, The Truth really does exist. Just met him at McDonalds on the UofL campus"
"unfortunately politics seems to continue to get in the way of getting anything done!!! Where's the leadership???"
"caucus members said the lines may violate the voting rights act. they vowed to oppose, although stopped short of saying no yes votes"
"thanks for texting me about the spurs game......."
"I know someone that might as well be J cole...."
"hey bro wsup hasn't seen u n how long??? lol"
"FRI Dinner Dessert Special: Blackberry Cobbler with Brown Sugar Ice Cream"
"Congratulations to your graduates!"
"Finally in Jersey.."
"You are your own healer and only you can align with that loving, light aspect of your Self. No one else can do it for you."
"They playin hard this year #allstargame. Lookin like a Classic on the rise"
"thanks for the RT. My guess is that Apple doesn't like Yahoo very much."
"Now that's a win! The new Big Three- Bryant, Hill and Ebanks..."
"indiana dryvit contractors, indiana dryvit companies, dryvit companies in indiana, indiana dryvit company's dryvit, indiana dryvit contract"
"Tweaking formatting on French #translation we're doing for on water stewardship. We give 110% for our clients!"
"#GirlsLoveWhen A Man Puts \"HER\" Before \"HIMSELF\" With Every Decision He Makes.....-Breeze DTA-"
"So excited for the Abduction tonight :)"
": if you have a moment, and I just sent you an e-missive and could really use your input! Merci bien!"
"RT : Looking good, modeling some of the handbags that were featured on The Morning Blend earlier!..."
"I went to the rest room too"
"A Racine alderman is accused of choking & striking a pregnant woman. I'll have more on the story on Ten at Ten."
"i wanna go cruising wiff mi bby."
"No what lol?"
"nothing im just saying thats loose lol"
"How many companies are using Google +1 on their websites?"
"In just 15 minutes Game of Thrones is back! Brace yourselves because winter and war are coming. No one is safe."
"Logan Henderson, is legit perfection."
"did you not get my email?"
"RT : If you make a girl laugh, she likes you, but if you make her cry, she loves you."
"How can James be MVP of the league & he not even MVP of his team"
"Family is here"
"My stud gov interview sucked."
"Watching one direction videos always makes me feel better :) cheeckychappie!"
"When that one person runs for the bus cause they late makes me laugh."
"Going to the lake always reminds me of junior year & &"
"Idk haha some sexy ass mexican ;D"
"they are impressive #'s, so why are they always getting a bad review on company status?"
"Ahaha! He's such a cheeky monkey."
"that sounds like my record collection!"
"- yeeeeeaaah, but you're the best. #dealwithit "
"For Christmas you should follow EVERY ONE of our followers. Click through the list and follow them all! They're good people!"
"Good :). Madeon in only 17, he's insane."
"i hope he gets kreider city.... Hammer city"
"Too much of my life has been wasted trying to find parking at sdsu."
"\"one big room, full of bad bitches\" enough said."
"#Gemini can be one of the most committed signs BUT not before playing the field 1st."
"Did you hear about the man who won a gold medal at the Olympics? He had it bronzed."
"Cups of the XO"
"Indeed. Even her smarm is gorgeous."
"Damn you, dryer, take my Canadian quarters! How do you know the difference???"
"Awesome! I will include it tomorrow. Hilarious! :) Thanks, Estelle."
"Four years, two months...LOTS of new friends! ............7,000 tweets later..I <3 Twitter! :-D"
"Had so much fun video chatting 2nite..Nw I'm tired, Good night everyone :)"
"miss u!!"
"my god, that is just so fucking adorable... you really got the cream of the crop. :)"
"Alright! I will see you at the airport lol"
"If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated."
"Hunger games!!!"
"Cool, were not in any classes together though :( IT SUCKS!"
"Praying, praying, praying, praying..."
"Happy New Year everybody!!... 2012 will be bringing A LOT of new changes so stay tuned and thank you for the continued support! ;)"
"is going to teach me how to SALSA dance!!! Haha"
"we are proud of you too! RT Auto show with tonight! Papa Meiers would be so proud of his little girl :)"
"I can't wait to give the kid a 10 min ovation first start at Coors Field."
"Big Data is the new CRM."
"Come in for bunch and guzzle down an Ale Mary! They are one of a kind!"
"Many would disagree, myself included. But I'll take it!! xo"
"thanks Ash.."
"Why do people think I'm tall in person ? I'm such a midget ."
"Help me?"
"which direction to take this account...personal or professional? or delete altogether?"
"Thanks for sharing R info. Keep your dukes up!"
"What's up twitter who wants a follow back?"
"If today doesn't work, when will you be downtown next? I'll DM my phone number if that's easier, feel free to call or text."
"Toledo! It's a great night to see (and buy) art! Gallery Loop runs through 10 pm. I'm at St Clair & Lafayette, swing by for a free kazoo!"
"tomrrow i want to take my grandma and my mom to dinner <3"
"Thanks for the opportunity to speak at #VA1 -- I really enjoyed it!"
"So Casey made it to his place after all, bur why didn't she just get IN the jacuzzi? #caseysdisguise,"
"YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE THATS THE MOTTO NIGGA YOLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
"Im drunk. And I just stood next to Taylor for about 5 minutes while he drank some hanson beer. I may never recover."
"You're so thoughtful I love that about you"
"I get to see MIW in December. :3 High five for seeing badass bands dude."
"\": Done being nice and a fckn push over. Some people don't realize all the shit I do for their asses, its sad.\""
"its probably not that bad though!"
"Join us for worship at 8:00. It will be transforming. The message is \"Dissed in Death.\""
"Welcome aboard! RT : officially sent in my BU deposit!"
"Love this. Never stop learning. Ever. RT : Learn all that you can; you just might be someone’s mentor someday."
"I agree."
"So glad you guys got this up and going! So sad I wasn't able to make the auditions that day! Wish you all the best... :)"
"Wynn Board Concludes Investigation of Okada after Receiving Freeh Report Detailing Numerous Apparent Violations of the FCPA."
"pretty sure my best friend is ignoring me. that's cool. considering i lose every good friend within a year."
"you know thee deal"
"Let the tequila begin!"
"still awaiting your first tweet dude."
"he's awrsome'"
"i hope follows me she and Megan are so beautiful and talented :)"
"i got a new strapless orange shirt today. so cute!"
"Dear #youporn.. I want unlimited views instead of 5 max if my acct was compromised. LOL So serious!!!"
"I hear you, doesn't get any better than the jewel events. Have a great weekend!"
"I'm not sure, but I know I love it. :)"
"I sometimes get to talk knitting with patients"
"Lmao @ the lady who walked out sawty"
"Wtf kind of movie is this?!"
"This has to be longest week ever"
"Thanks to everyone who participated in the Umeus Cloth twitter contest! Congrats to who was chosen as this weeks winner!"
"Asked about job application at Dekalb farmer's market out of curiosity- They interview queues of people one hour every single week.."
"not videos, but written bits o'wisdom and experience on auditions . . . will try to forward one of those now on facebook."
"Woke up to beautiful news, good morning my loves 😘"
"Right now, our 2012 summer interns are in the air and headed toward Iraq!"
"ty Happy Friday!!"
"Campers are writing their rough drafts of their sripts"
"Listen for performing live in the big room at noon! Tune in locally at 102.5FM!!!"
"~w/ each new kktny show u become more self absorbed. gotta love having these moments on film for eternity."
"Left-field question: anybody know of essays/books on the history of the architecture and design of dance halls and discotheques?"
"Watching some crazy stuff on ac360, perception of others handed down by parents can often affect a childs world view for life."
"aww that sucks!"
"#100ozChallenge complete for the day! lots o' water, and tried GU Brew electrolyte tablets after my run. Not bad!"
"got to get Ud together and playing so we can write the songs first..lol"
"Did anyone get rained on this morning? We had some tropical-esque showers near the Encinitas retreat."
"Marketing ROI matters more than size. Congrats to recognized as top B2B small shops !"
"This show is OC"
"20 min radio segment about UW-Lax baseball and not one mention of leading rbi man 's brother #horse$#!+"
"Its earlier than that thang out chea"
"Wonder if they mean the Bonestripper.. RT There's a roller coaster designed to kill passengers"
"The old bay wings I had last night were so good. Great wins by the and Great night!"
"Oh LBHS, if only you knew how much I hate you !"
"she works, at the desk maybe? IDK for sure. Her name is Anka!"
"I cried my eyes out when they carried whitneys casket out while the recording of I will always love you played in the background :("
"Obama's foreign policy is the best I've seen in years & Perry's dumb ass said he would restart the Iraq war, what a #gop asshole."
"This particular game is all about the damage! Fixed up the airlock a bit..."
"Ha! As if the minority were interested in debate. Show votes are not debate. Or work."
"Avocados are delish!!!"
"would love to see the family violence study added to issuelab. DM me if you want me to upload it!"
"Congrats on the launch, guys! The site looks incredible!"
"thanks so much, Shonali!"
"I hope school goes well. Are there good spec ed programs in OR? My son did so much better once he had some classroom accomodations."
"#OutoftheLoop fertilizers: pride, shame and unforgiveness"
"Anybody else's fantasy football day totally screwed from all these upsets? Geez."
"so that's the secret?!?"
"If you are a clinician or parent concerned with finding toys for special-needs children"
"Some people post some dumb pictured #why?"
"Hey, ! Thanks for the"
"When I awake in the middle of the night, mostly Left Coast ppl are on twitter. :-))"
"I'd like a plane to skywrite my twitter handle. If not, I'll take letting me know if you hear anything =)"
"I'm hungry I need some food!"
"what do you guys think... google+ just launched brand pages; is it just another thing to manage or something we should get in on?"
"I Am Dixie Highway."
"responsive web design. Design from content out, mobile first, add media queries to add layout"
"#FreeEADave for protecting the beloved It's dogs like that which pitbulls to shame. Owner should be in jail, not -___-"
"Aww, thanks, Pouya! When do you have some time to hang out?!"
"do what? lol i said hi"
"It seems my heart's in the way ......."
"is in urgent need of a funny monologue 2 minutes or under."
"u guys got lucky one year. The ravens are the only NFL team to make the playoffs 4 years in a row from 2008 to 2011."
"Game over YOU LOSE. #BackOnTheBus!!"
"Our annual V-Day Fair will take place at Hunter on THURS, FEB 17TH! Stop by for music, baked foods & feminist revolution!"
"Matthew Kemp is an absolute monster. Braun, look what u unleashed in LA! The craziest part is that he plays in pitchers park Dodger Stadium!"
"Learning lots at #tocchicago incl my tolerance level for tally-talk... (Passed any 5 minutes ago)"
"you're welcome!!"
"how did u make that mistake?"
"Keep on moving; don't stop like the hands of time"
"Can't wait to spend time w/ babe this weekend . 😘"
"Learning python. Never used terminal so much in my life. It's actually kinda fun."
"by : I still don't understand the thinking by Danny here. Powe knew his role, hit the boards, played great D, solid guy(..)"
"love sleeping with the windows open!"
"Deal or No Deal Model Ursula Mayes by dohn121"
"u so should then add me :)"
"PE opened for the Beastie Boys during the license to ill tour and that was my first ever concert I was in the 7th grade"
"Sad day get better Derrick rose"
"Good point. I don't want to pay any support! I hereby rescind my claims on the snow record. You can have it, and all the snow."
"Tonight on 10, Soldiers coming home to their families in Boone, plus WDM is drumming up their own farmer's mkt."
"Back from Minneapolis!"
"New Girl, I love you but that scene was utterly ridiculous."
"On the kitchen.. remember them days shid o was in there the udda day"
"no:( I'm at Kristies for Joey's surprise party! Are you still at work?"
"So I creep, creep, creep like TLC."
"hahaha. Pretty good overall. Nice moments like that. What i love about his films are those moments- realism"
"Welp, I won't be updating my music for a while :/"
"- Right on. See you there! :)"
"Doin all this for prom made me dumb tired boiii and got more to do 2mmrow"
"Joined the Enzacta team and feel blessed to work with such an amazing network of healers and entrepreneurs!!! Loving the PXP Royale!!!"
"you thought wrong..."
"Skipping class with my jamaican sister for the 5th time this week"
"Believe the yaysayers. Yes you can!! -Jawanza!"
"things have been pretty good dude! hbu?"
"Diabetes Day, National Spanish"
"Need to go back to sacramento and explore the city."
"High Lifes! Gotta be classy!"
"RT : I wish I was on my way! There is no place in GA like The Exchange on Tues. night! // Totally Agree!"
"Skin tip:#mint has antiseptic/anti-inflammatory properties. Gr8 4 treating #acne insect #bites #stings. Find mint juice @ health food stores"
"urban dictionary might be helpful."
"Now following [:"
"I absolutely love it when the Florida Panthers fans throw the fake rats on the ice. It's a beautiful sight."
"Ignorant ppl these dayz"
"Ion k shit on this quiz"
"RT : I got a promotion/spam email with a PowerPoint file attached. It was instructions for the sender on how to send the spam."
"my sister in law has not spoke to me since she sent me a picture of her daughter and sent a reply she looks beautiful LOL"
"I completely agree, hyperlinking is inconvenient-I'd prefer preview popup window or perhaps in-text citations with @ symbol"
"Yeah, I got that text too. I thought it was just to pay, we'll find out I guess."
"\"Let's talk about how many women you've been with.\" \"You mean sexually?\" \"No. Break dance fighting.\""
"Tomorrow is National Just Because Day! Bring a friend and celebrate it w/us...just because!"
"back on dis"
"you have more dude your awesome"
"I have yet to find a cute boy not impressed IUPUI not impressed"
"I see you're a member of the PTA"
"LMAOOO I didn't know lol and u unprotected ya tweets yayy"
"Hoopla, we miss you at NC in Madison. How's Cali??"
"Looks like it's going to rain soon.."
"The Weave SNATCHER '-' ←cool Name"
"Pinterest has nothing to do with Pints.."
"Just killed a steamed seafood combo at Harpoon Larry's. Next time you visit, we will take you, so you can say you ate at the 'Poon."
": & ur absolutely right :) *holds head up high* lol"
"I was thinking about pre ordering believe."
"Tried grillin chicken 2nite. It didnt turn out well. The fire wouldnt stay lit. Oh well."
"My #archaeology professor told me my essay was \"flat & textbooky like an encyclopedia entry\"."
"I can't/don't sleep anymore. It's making me feel like a fucking zombie."
"I hate it when I fall asleep during a good show, now it doesn't make sense!!"
"this is exactly why I started working on - services like Edmodo focus too much on management :("
"Politics is no exact science."
"Can't wait to sing my new original song this weekend!"
"Breaking News; went a morning show and told the world that he was only smoking weed and drinking."
"This week we made Banana Nut Bread. Was a great breakfast. Next week I think we will try some Sour Dough..."
"She trynna fuck and i say church!!!"
"Anyone else notice their almond milk looks like it curdles in their coffee? Tastes yummy, looks yucky!"
"“: Lame niggas be quiet!”"
"how is Switzerland? Never been what's it like? I'm a singer too btw. Do you do anything other than singing? Or just that?"
"follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 7"
"Stupid people. <<<<<"
"Counting calories like Rain Man."
"When I'm with you I understand the difference between a boy and a man...--"
"key word: \"highly\""
"Hey Root... Reese is pissed. He's coming after you in season 2."
"Come relax"
"I'm good at blackops I'm alright in the other ones lol"
"If someone is not responding to you, stop worrying about them. The people who want to be in your life make the time."
"glad to see you in K pool this year. Hope your not picking the Kitty Kats."
"1996 was a great hip hop year"
"Missed you tonight!"
"The Rangers don't even remember what it's like to score a goal"
"Google maps car just passed by in canton"
"\"grass fed beef testicle\" is my new favorite string of words."
"Should I buy it on vinyl? I should buy it on vinyl."
"Missing Holden, but it helps that I can hear the San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus rehearsing from my living room."
"the uglier the better! :-)"
"No More Prom. ! Family Firstt !"
"you know better than anyone I have no problem saying anything to your face. I just havnt had time yet lol"
"Can i move on and just fall in love again please... Oh, and can it be with someone who actually loves me back??? fck u heart!"
"THAT is awesome! “ : So John Mayer apparently LOVES the #Bachelor! came up to and knew who she was”"
"#raw10 met a Guy, who went 2 his wife drunk wit lipstick on his neck n pants! She Crazy glued his shaft 2 his leg. After hrs, nail polish wk"
"Gore all day"
"Oh thank the maker! A TOUCHDOWN!"
"haha. I finally got this. bodies in the pond"
"Hmm, go for it! You've been single for too damn long."
"When you listen to a song and it reminds you of someone from your past. smh the power of music"
"fun times at retreat tonight!"
"Video Mount Products LCD-1CW Small (10-23″) Flat Panel Ceiling ..."
"“: promo now till 10 pm. Glass wear and t-shirts for Sierra drinkers!”"
"#TradHome thanks, Stacey! can't wait!"
"Why the fuck....never mind."
"\": “: I retweet so many of 's tweets”because you're both gay\" love you too Ben"
"(Okay, that last part was a lie. But close.)"
"Yes! I can see it on the horizon! RT : Almost time for your nap. : P"
": : When finding ur blogging niche, does it start w/finding passion? purpose? #blogchat (all of the above)”/yes"
": not sure if they're preventing red light running. Maybe lower the fine since everyone hates them. H-A-T-E-S"
"the only disadvantage to being super excited and motivated all the time is that you don't really get much sleep!"
"5 lbs Korean Short Ribs (Gal-Bi) finishing their marinade and getting ready the fire."
"Drunk and broke it RT : aww what happened to your leg? :("
"#moms #dads One Major --MYTH-- about #school BULLYING right out in front. Number One \"It's just kids being kids\""
"Handicapping tips coming up from our !"
"Getting excited for some good roots rock from at Ram's Head tonight."
"Since revenge against the Os apparently won't be happening on the field, might be time for a stealth mission to taint their post-game spread"
"I KNOW! I want to get rid of them. And I hope your \"ew\" was said a la honey badger video - I'll think more highly of you."
"Horrible customer service for months from Go to !"
"yeah, it's a knife in my heart every time I see it."
"I'm not aware."
"“: optimizing someone's metabolism and figuring out what they respond to.\" I'd love to reduce the 2 hrs cardio! That's tough!!"
"Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. - Willie Nelson"
"Wow , often wonder the same thing? Its funny because we always seem to want more, despite having everything we need"
"tell yo followers"
"Psalm 10:17-18 \"You hear, O Lord, the desire of the afflicted; you encourage them, and you listen to their cry, defending the fatherless...\""
"There's this dude sleeping on the train, but he has his Mariachi music on total blast from his Blackberry"
"Night guys!!! See you Saturday. Can't wait!"
"The body of the exalted Lord is a visible body in the shape of the church: Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship"
"Lying here like a bum."
"who the eff is ♥♥"
"Son of a bitch there I go again"
"Often, the events are not as obvious as seen in OSA, and in many cases, a person affected by UARS may not even snore"
"LMAO! Met him at TSU. Cause you know I used to chill with Zee and Lo aallllllll the time so yeah."
"HEY TWITTAH, let my nigga of twitter jail. F the police. 🚓👮🔫😒"
"Singing tonight! NCJW women's seder."
"Tweet tweet! Welcome to the twitterverse"
"Omg! You should have came to our school in Newcastle mark! That would have been mint! Did you have a good time here?"
"It was my pleasure! Glad you had a good time."
"Nice preso on computational thinking by Peter Lee and co. Golan Levin was particularly good with his Art and Code talk. <\ #facsum >"
"Heading home from hot, dry Phoenix to hot, humid Dallas."
"it was written in the stars at the FIU stadium! Thanks for all your energy ! Great performance!!"
"Thanks for your patience over the weekend. Tomorrow we'll assist you with support issues as we did today!"
"Word of warning...it looks like my account has been hacked into...please disregard and delete any 'questionable' messages from my account!!"
"Adding to my previous note, ALL of our minds are blown :) Thanks for the Valentines treats! cc"
"Unanimous vote in support of all five nominees to the Board of Social Work."
"Friday the 13th is literally out to get me. Honestly a little scared to leave the apartment."
"Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me32"
"I'm from where the fat beats stretch for mad blocks. ~ Butterfly"
"What you didn't know was that all the actors were actual zombies. SAG union rules. Complicated."
"I keep it real with everyone no matter how fake they are .... [B]"
"TruTV RT : what sd channel is the game on!?"
"i wanted to go soo bad.. this lady invited me. did he throw up the hooks?"
"My ears r ringing!"
"Ready for some change!"
"Five years ago today, my entire family saw me walk across the stage to get my college degree. What an adventure since then!"
"Only childish bitches fight over pickles"
"Perhaps I can be of service?"
"Pats vs. Ravens. Can't watch, updates on my phone. Sounds like a war."
"so.. when is planning to do some shows in the US?"
"it's a class that has subjects in French(: we learn and speak it and we have FLA everyday instead of English class everyday"
"Air conditioning...85 degrees inside...still too early...so hot...utility bills...so hot..."
"Trapped in Indiana tonight by DH's unfortunate life choices"
"nice to meet you. DM me your email address?"
"I just did the scared white girl face 😱"
"how many times are u guys eating at Olive Garden lol"
"Who ask you do u wanna go sumwhere.."
"Spent a lovely afternoon with Kirk of Zero+ Publishing and examining the artist boxes by Blaine Fontana and Above. Mother's Day came early!"
"Tomorrow im rockin wit Bone Crusher boutta give yaw a Show!!..L's Up!"
"#naptime then headed to Michigan"
"Running the Anthem 5K Fitness Classic tomorrow? Celebrate your run by bringing in your bib number to receive a discount on froyo!"
"This just in: 12 piece assorted gift boxes from Swedish chocolatier Fika Choklad."
"Haha! You're too kind"
"In addition to the personal inconvenience, poorly maintained sidewalks are classist/ableist/detrimental to the heath of neighborhoods"
"Crossing my fingers...I was suggested to endorse a local pizza place...I think I'm a perfect fit."
"The couch is coming tomorrow!! My guests shall no longer have to sit on the floor. :)"
"your welcome...and thank you! :) xx"
"RT - 50% off ALL assorted dozens at the 5th Avenue Top Pot Cafe until closing!"
"later today- images not up yet"
"Playing my guitar, it's been a while."
"how i miss your voice my old friend :$ what a funny call, we just were remembering our primary moments. they were the best <3 ANAISA"
"congrats. Wish someone would have taught me this ten years ago."
"Why do we have 9 toothbrushes in the toothbrush holder?! Who is worthy of having a toothbrush at our place?! That's some serious business."
"dreams as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today."
"Naylor? I barely knew her! RT : Drew Naylor's first start in over a year...5IP 5ER for Reading"
"still sick"
"Glass of Wine,tasting board,great service and all on the patio"
"yes please!"
"hahah home we going to Miami beach in a while to see my uncle ;3"
"Fantastic work by staff who worked on the Christmas special, on now. A look at memories from 2011."
"Criminal Minds has aired 148 episodes. Wish I knew how many i have seen."
"Does Battleship look like left-over Transformers? Enough with metal shards please!"
"Hey Lisa :-) I am great thanks for asking!!! How are u??"
"Baby you light up my world like nobody else.. <3"
"My sister doesn't believe that a child's adult career choice when made under the age of 7 is the only way to really tell if your kid is gay."
"I concur. RT Joking would be a lot easier if everyone had exactly the same frame of reference as I do!"
"lax bros are hot."
"whoa whoa whoa so many tweets! Thanks everybody!"
"(AP) - Former Penn State coach Joe Paterno admitted to hospital for observation due to minor complications from cancer treatments."
"Yeah, I go to Amazon cuz of the huge collection and prices. Love being able to sample, and then buy single tracks or entire CDs."
"Most people have plug-ins to use Flash. iPhone and iPad don't support Flash. You must know what devices viewers use."
"Thanks for the shoutout!"
"Thanks for the RT !"
"Haha i can agree with that. That's dumb. The world's going to end!!"
"Why do ppl ask 2 work in on my machine when the gym is empty & there r 1000 other exercises they can do 4 the same body part?"
"It's funny how a news segment has multiple guests, and they argue over TV. How foolish."
"these cats drama like the plot you find in soap ops, I watch em fuss and fight to stand up on that soapbox"
"#HappyMothersDay to everyone :) im so glad i have an amazing mom that loves me with all her heart just like i love her :D"
"Tiered 5gb, took a while to convince my own iPad that it was me asking..."
"When you drop your phone and your scared to look at it to see if the screen is broken..."
"I'm following u. U just don't know it yet. This is my personal account. Besides D9"
"#nowplaying The Perfect Fan - , perfect way to celebrate this day =)"
"We r ready!!!"
"Louie Mullers is in Taylor, I think it may be a little better than J's but probably just splitting hairs"
"I totally respect that. It won't be for everybody and I'm very comfortable with that. I don't take it personally."
"BRAND NEW SPORTS BEERTUBES at FLIPCUPS.com New Shirts and products every week"
"IPhone 5 rumor... Apple will rename silent mode to \"LeBron\" since both are ring-less."
"If I didn't have my iPod my twitter would be so dead..(: I love my iPod ;3 <3"
"Is he part of the 1%? Can you occupy him?"
"corollary- people who live and breathe in music."
"1 reason to like the Badgers chances against Syracuse, they haven't lost to a team from a power conference in the NCAA tourney since 2006"
"Yum. I wish it were grilling season. Broiled fish is great, too, though."
"If you work with Drupal on a daily basis and you're not contributing back to the community in some way, you're doing it wrong."
"A personal record at the San Francisco half marathon today--a great route, even over the Golden Gate bridge twice!"
"Good morning. Time to get some \"work\" done!"
"#slaname so many new types dilute more of our meetings? Too many topics among the specialized?"
"I fear puke and have an on-the-spot gran mol seizure every time a chick in her 20s tells me that 30 is the new 20."
"u might not want her to do that cause ur gonna be sad when she says ME cause IM her bestfriendd (: right (:"
"thats crazy...can you go through fb?"
"Drove home and all the street lights were out."
"Aww it's nice! No fair you have palm trees!! are you at work right now?"
"Hope all have a blessed day!!!"
"I've been rooting for the Capitals since the 70s. I'm a Maryland gal! BTW - I also like the Washington Nationals too!"
"So after school today I'm going to get UA! album! I LOVE HIM! Lol :$ - Zaona"
"I was just outside picking up trash blowing around & I'm sure T,O. was talking with my neighbor... If Not he looked & sounded like him?"
"ARE YOU SAYING YOU'RE COCAINE"
"People who watch probably will not watch the Animal Planet so those commercials probably aren't working. FYI"
"*Opens door* Hello :)"
"haha, you are so silly!!! Lol"
"This substitute teacher has lost her mind!!! And I'm about to help her find it"
"ya I hate that feeling, I don't want to eat anything late and then go to bed"
"Going to write another song before I go to bed:)"
"NeuroSun …Not So Shiny"
"Thank you!! Really excited for the blessing and the journey"
"I don't know about the rest of the world but I came to terms with my life goals, got a tattoo, joined a cinema fraternity..."
"3 kids home from school + swimming at this afternoon = a mom glad they serve margaritas!"
"Use it like this: cat turtles.tsv | rawk 'print $F[4], $F[2]'"
"You have action on this?"
"on the bus blew up a pumpkin and made ice cream at skool today lol"
"COME ON MAN!!#BoiseState would lose by 3-4 td's if they played either of these teams. they're lucky they got #UGA week 1."
"Thank you for an amazing journey (can't just call it \"meal\") today! Thank Larry & Guillem, entire team, as well :) impeccable"
"will do. Should be interesting!"
"Well its time to shower and start this day!"
"Creed, \"Higher\""
"#HocusPocus is my shit!!! I love Halloween(:"
"Try our delicious Mexican Chicken Parmesean Torta!! plantain and coconut breaded chicken with cheese, lettuce, tomato and guacamole mayo!!!!"
"bout to go to the club tom-marrow WISH ME LUCK !!!!!!!!!!!"
"he'd liked your song that you wrote. dude that song is gonna be a single i know it, its probably one of my favorites"
"no problem! :)"
"I almost wish I smoked... do you realize how much money I could redirect into investing by quitting????"
"I'm still not sold on Bruce Harper... The kid will be in the club with Gilbert Arenas next week and be arrested by 21... Just wait"
"I hate ryan theriot"
"It is up to each of us to restore meaning. Doctors cannot do it for us with medicine; friends cannot do it for us with solace and comfort."
"Congrats!! RT Thanks to my dear #betafish who edited my chapter for contest -- I'm a Top 3 finalist!"
"Best tweet ever."
"At Denver airport about to get on my first flight of the day heading to Columbus."
"Advice from DVD yoga lady: Focus your intention, but don't let it harden your mind."
"Check out my NEW SONG! International Love by Chris Brown and Pitbull Remix (Putting Down Tonight) - Jace Spades. It's Official"
"Nothing's scarier than a dentist with a AOL address."
"Great job on Govloop livestream, team!"
"you give me hope. Really a truly great film. #nsn3d <3"
"thank you 4the #reTweetLuv ->> <<- we are grateful for #DWTSLV ...it's job security 4R family. My husband is your spotlight"
"When your connection is too slow for instant, google tells you that you'll have to press enter to search. Never would've figured that out!"
"Klout believes I am influential in cookies. Cool so I'm a fat ass?"
"Thanks for the Battlestar Advice. Giving it 2-3 more chances."
"Please read my latest post on Get Satisfaction. I cannot believe all the conflicting info I've been fed by all @ AMC"
"What's with these bear hugs between draft picks & the commish....."
"I love having my hair long and all but doing it is such a pain."
"\"it may not mean nothin to yall, but understand nothin was done 4me... So I dont plan on stoppin at all... Want this sh.. 4eva mane....\""
"5 sections of intro + group activity = 100+ books that need reshelving. Thank goodness for minions."
"I will try and find you a link to the place when I'm not so lazy. ;)"
"\"Think Like A Man\" was a really fun movie!! had me cryin!"
"Congrats on very nice blog; informative, well written."
"right? some people just don't like texting back either. Whatevvvvvs. Lol"
"We had fun too! Sorry we left early, we're kinda lame & like dan said more babes but not the crazy kind"
"still up for for lunch this week?"
"Thanks for the recommendation. Looking forward to reading it :)"
"Just so ny condon is the crack spot;"
"What about a torta?"
"good night twitter :)"
"are you goin to 's screening jawn tomorrow eve?? also, gonna be driving out from LA, can def give ride if you need!"
"I'm at the gas station with mamma. We're on our way!!!"
"People put you down enough you start to believe it... the bad stuff is easier to believe, you ever notice that? --Pretty Woman"
"just at the gym getting my SWAGGER on!"
"The Sir Speedy family wishes you the very best Holiday Weekend. Happy Fourth of July!"
"I don't see that option on Classic either. Can you fill me in?"
"Gearing up for the #GreatAmericanCleanup in Midtown #Milwaukee. Join us Sat at N 22 & McKinley at 9 am. Bring your work gloves !!"
"Thinking of surveying my students on their use of ebooks. What to ask?"
"Most things got said. A personal beef: moderates self-congratulating themselves in general (not NF or re NF). [+]"
"#artpolitics questions start: how when and where can these modes of enunciation occur?"
"Delay is the antidote for anger. - Play Alganon"
"thanks. Show the follow back love!"
"These stupid people wrote my schedule down all wrong -.-"
"lol, they look very cozy. And maybe a little yeti-like."
"Hi - welcome to Twitterland! Merry X-mas love!!"
"Thanks! : Happy"
"Thank you ."
"Looking for Gameplay programmers with #ps3 experience for the"
"did you submit that? I'm not seeing it. . .you should have gotten a confirmation email if it went through."
"Follow your heart listen to the woodland creatures"
"So instead i talk to people who know what it is like to hurt but in the end it just leaves me more confused and annoyed with the world"
"I like you and your good..."
"Gabby Giffords aide Ron Barber to run in special election, would serve as interim replacement www.cbs5az.com"
"Yay! Totally follow me. I tweet really important updates about reality TV. It's fun. And important."
"\"that look like money? Money be green.\" -D"
"Bus came early today so my face is currently naked on the day I probably need my makeup the most"
"RT What is your favorite browser? I like what Safari's done recently with mirroring some iTunes features"
"so, erm, basically...."
"Sweet Bird of Youth, I will get to you."
"S/O 2 The WestCoast Homie \"Cal-Snubs\" For All The Support! ...our Single will be On The Radio in a Few Weeks!"
"Two new blog postings! and I am in no way encouraging anyone to click on the ads on my blog. that would violate terms and agreements"
"W00t! wi-fi, hello again! WYK guys, sorry I've been checked out for two days. 2 days on the mtn = 19K words, tho! Let's see. What'd I miss?"
"There are even websites that will pay you to read emails"
"never had nutella? You need to get here STAT!"
"Kiwi == Pizza ...nice game"
"If it is not fun day I will complain about it later."
"Angels Gate Cultural Center is having an opening tomorrow starting at 1:30pm."
"Really hope gets that #BestNewArtist Grammy ain't no one on that nomination list that deserves it more in my opinion"
"No, I downloaded the trial and then put in that came from adobe licensing"
"Now running OSX 10.7 with the beta driver for Presonus Firestudio Mobile and beta version of Osculator. So far, so good."
"Stop choosing favorites"
"wrote song number seven for Volume 2 today.....with Jon Weisberger and Peter Cronin....a really good one if i may say so....."
"RT : RT is \"leading a war on traditional marriage,\" says , currently on his 4th marriage."
"#its2hot4that All black everything"
"RT : is having the kickoff party for beach volleyball April 22."
"i thought it was supose to be 80 degrees, im sitting outside and freezing my ass off !"
"I ADDED PEOPLE."
"what exactly are you trying to do? do you already have your data sets?"
"shoots with PAUL MITCHELL tomorrow!!!"
"we're on to you!"
"It don't Matta wat we talked about but it b da"
"It's Official, Mad Anthony will perform at Taste of Cincinnati!"
"maybe I will tom!! My friends coming in town I can't todayy"
"If you're worried because I didn't get you an Xmas gift, let me put your mind at ease. I'm fine."
"Fair point, but I don't think an honest desire to explore why certain art bothers you necessarily makes anyone a snob."
"damn son, only 50 k?"
"Rendevous with Ian of The Kingston Lounge in a few hours for some exploring at the asscrack of dawn tomorrow!!"
"I love my kids, but some days I just don't want to be a 9 yr old boy with them."
"Gahh I'm so stressed"
"Reading the 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing. Old book...but timeless in so many ways. Def. check it out!"
"Gallardo has been terrible vs the Cardinals since he began his career. He has 1 win and 9 losses."
"Class of 2012...Graduation is almost here! Congrats to all you SENIORS!"
"If your child is interested in playing #volleyball, check out the fall rec league at www.midatlanticvolleyball.com"
"At least I have season four of 24"
"Enjoyed this quote. Pls follow so we can stay in touch. Blessings."
"and then ask them to name 5 female wrestlers and MMA fighters,"
"don't forget! we're still taking nominations @ www.rockthisrestaurant.com for a local #abq restaurant make over! Surf on over and add yours!"
"#301999 Im the one in the profile pic :) xox My name is Yatzil.."
"I could go for a right about now! been craving one for days"
"im great! how are you?"
"Great event last night #smallbizconnect Thanks to all who came and contributed!"
"to all the women in this whole wide woorrrrld....you're the only one i ever loved"
"I wonder if any if the folks who are so sure that the Anthony broad is guilty have ever sat on a jury. Who cares?"
"I am right there with you! Not enough hours in the day..."
"my heart just dropped writing another senior letter. I'm really sad. 😢"
"To meet & really get to know That's all I really wanna do"
"Yes except now they want to be there next year to get slimed RT Did they like getting slimed at #kca?"
"Some people. Need to get this book love for dummys"
"I want to go somewhere tropical. On a private beach. Just me and a nice cold drink in my hand. And all I hear is the ocean."
"yes we will :-)"
"I gotta to take it easier at the gym it hurts to sneeze 😪"
"No weapon shall prosper against me fuck boi ... dro !!! What up mane"
"please don't lie basically to my face....."
"T-shirt weather!"
"How many of you want me to do a free pendulum past life reading on you? I just posted a new pendulum paper in my Yahoo group."
"I think rocked it!! Lovin #thevoice tonight!!"
"I am regretting not bringing more cans of that highly caffeinated sugary sweet beverage from my fridge today."
"keep on readin i aint quitting"
"OH, NO!!!! I received some bad news: SUPPOSEDLY, Phoney O'Whore-a wins -____-"
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will."
"Yesterday was amazing (: I wish everyday could be like yesterday. Now I have to wait 6 days to see him again ): But"
"#ShowerFlow...i'm gon have to thug it out cause my phone is charging and i can't play any music...."
"#FF Thanks, and Happy Easter!"
"Took all the beats off my website....hopefully it'll all be worth it"
"Well I must have missed the first question."
"i dont care what anyone says. y'all my babies. <3"
"I did! I'm in LA... I finally decided to settle down here! I've been back and forth LA to the Bay for years... LA is home now."
"that was my showww when i was 4. Lol."
"Started the Power of Habit last night, super fascinating read so far, hard to put down..."
"can I borrow your stem machine? They sell those at target?"
"Fairfax loves skeeball! At Hard Times Cafe! Stop by!"
"Now onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Ray Ellin"
"#Thankstomyex ...i hate carrots!!! >:("
"I work in 4 hours. Since I wasn't able to celebrate the 5 I celebrated the 6."
"Choose Kodak film because it could be pushed... \"I've never seen this movie as good looking as it was tonight\""
"*grumble*Izturis*grumble*"
"oh...sitting in the car outside getting my mind right. You know the deal..."
"Make sure to apply your awesomeness to yourself..."
"“: Boosie Boo not guilty! How'd he pull that off lol ... He didn't do it!!! Lol!"
"you guys can viber me when i'm in Europe :3"
"+1 RT : Yesterday’s giveaway with was so much fun! So how about we do another giveaway today?"
"We just redid the logo. Our's is cool. Thanks for the suggestion."
"I see great things ahead for you my dear!"
"W.beyondthescoreboard.net are in hot water and need a couple of scenarios to get them in the playoffs"
"It was \"Battle of the Network Stars\" on before this. I guess that didn't come in HD at the time!"
"Getting pumped for the next MONDO ITALIA DANCE PARTY on Thursday. We'll be debuting an EPIC new tune!!!"
"Actually, the UC's high bond rating means that the state uses it as a cash cow; UC takes out loans then loans it to the state."
"Dance Moms, really? Reality shows have me almost convinced that there is nothing redeemable about human beings."
"KILL+MODE= SUCCESS"
"Sign me up for one of those!"
"ahahaha come give me hug lmfao"
"fake.. I think so.!"
"hehe... I'm familiar with that scenario."
"Mother&#39;s Day Gifts: &#39;GMA&#39; Exclusive Deals and Steals for Mom"
"Having some food, aching after working out. What are you all upto?"
"WWF at sprint center. Wow. It takes all types."
"can you handle it? Dance party on repeat!!!!"
"I'm not falling for yr little tricks again."
"How do you not like panera? The food is slamming haha"
"this dude going out wit my ex n he calling me a bitch a fat bitch at that"
"make two dreams come true but following me nd 1"
"MEEEPPPP I need an"
"Wishing everyone a happy, healthy, and success-filled new year!"
"I miss my ladies! #DMB & #ALE <3"
"♥ Love your twitter! Very detailed and informational."
"Oh man. That hurts."
"Tell Metta World Peace to show Ty Lawson some of that \"elbow love\""
"I haven't talked to my niece all week! I know she's doing wonderful though because she's amazing! I miss her. She should text me!"
"She loves me! She loves me not! She loves me she will tell me when the time is right!"
"Happy birthday to I love u happy 19th birthday"
"France went Socialist after their leaders pushed austerity. Maybe the U.S. will be next."
"just don't eat the sushi they're taking photos of! :)"
"Decemberists coming to Missoula, July. Too bad I'll be in Mongolia."
"Just cried watching give birth on #SisterWives. I'm a mess!"
"word i just learned: 'farouche,' which friend says, \"means wild, fierce, shy, & awkward.\" clearly this word & i needed to become acquainted."
"Doing a scientific investigation. Yay. I better get an A on this."
"Just close your eyes..."
"Where are you sitting at the game? Maybe I can see you on TV."
"Kevin Durant! For the game winner!"
"A white person told me she couldn't understand what I was saying becuz I had a \"black accent\"...wtf!!???0_o"
"Predicting will have more followers than by the end of the night..."
"Happy first day of spring."
"Anyone have a futon or platform bed they want to sell me? Cheap? LOL"
"Fairly certain principal said \"under cod\" during the pledge. I support this."
"I agree but I'm pretty sure my wife wouldn't approve. The kids are a little too young for that skill. Give em a few years."
"Smh why ppl b acting iffy ??"
"paul krugman's cats are watching him on the charlie rose show right now"
":-) #WineHuntChat RT : Ive been passed by one at about mile 16 of a marathon. Very humbling."
"oh boy, and I have to get up at 6am with the kiddo. Well, more coffee... :D"
"so you're still alive? Hahah"
"the oldie or the newbie?"
"Ready for the game and some Nawlins fare from Joe's O.K. Bayou for Fat Tuesday!"
"Being a Teacher and Counselor for #Kids with #Autism and their families is my PASSION. Looking for IPad software to use with them. Ideas?"
"Are always convinced u r looking or talking about them"
"Mitt Romney makes a clean sweep today taking DC, Maryland, and Wisconsin. Would the other two just give up already?"
"So... I started making my \"I am Limitless\" video for contest. Taking me a little longer to mix some audio for it."
"my ex is such a dick -"
"Thank You for the information RT : how about Tito ?? Tito's Vodka? Austin, Tx."
"Any plans to add vegan option and ability to log into account on the mobile app soon?"
"theres no excuse since black people are your favorite people lol"
"Sohns/TGLH Split Release Party at The 1011. Make sure you all show up and buy something cool to wear or listen to. Its a 10\" LP Release! :)"
"Just ordered my first legal beer!"
"RT : Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light. ~Norman B. Rice"
"come swoop me and lets boogey on down to chevvys"
"you're gonna love it. :)"
"Having an AWESOME time at the DCOTA event right now!"
"Interaction Design does not equal interface design"
"Emma!!! love your style!"
"My @ replies aren't updating. How annoying."
"Great piece in Forbes on energy & buildings.Can u DM me an email address? Would love to pitch you on an idea."
"Sad the collection of the architect who designed UTSA's campus is at UT Austin, but so happy that they emailed sketches of his design to us."
"we're thankful for you so we're offering a free tan/upgrade with the purchase of any packet of lotion...or buy 5 sessions get 3 for free!!!"
"it was amazing!"
"It's inspiring the way you're putting yourself out there on your blog, Kudos to you!"
"\"A confused babble of women's voices and laughter is heard. Steele winks at Brown.\"- BREAD AND BUTTER"
"Kris Draper is retiring. Congrats to a wonderful career"
"I have so much planned for summer"
"More times than I care to admit I've wondered if the answer to everything is indeed Charo."
"Accusing politicians of \"playing politics\" is a lot like accusing a kiwi of being a fruit."
"Happy Bday! Today is your day lil mama!"
"have you released new music recently?"
"Ms. J, can we tentatively say \"yes\" to your video taping session Fri, March 9?"
"Never underestimate the impossible"
"A little less than a half an hour till #americanidol. Go !!!"
"i cant believe this nigga gettin on me shut up u old twit twatski ass niggggaaaaa"
"too far? lol.. have a wonderful Tuesday Kyle! See you soon!"
"Wow, President Obama won the Nobel Prize!"
"\"Etc.\" A word used to make others believe that you know more than you actually do."
"no problem :)"
"We cleaned the windows at the Tramway Community Church and they look great! Stop by and see them sparkle!"
"you are all followed!"
"Stressed. Finals. You?"
"I Dont Know You And Im Not Going To Take The Time To Care If You Hate Me"
"congrats. I'm so happy for you guys."
"Relaxing for a bit watching City of Men I hope this lives up to City of God"
"Just not when trying to lose the initial weight."
"I guess mentions are full with \"OMG\" \"DEAD\" \"CUTE\" Is it right ? lol"
"hell yeah when I seen that cake I was trippin.. they got the receipt and everything"
"RT : Tripoli residents receive text messages urging them to \"go out into streets to eliminate agents with weapons\", says resident"
"How much is your company spending on printing documents?Don't know?Let us show u how to take this variable cost & make it fixed & controlled"
"go listen to you will love them"
"Real talk, I need to remember this RT : People will be people... Why get surprised?"
"programmers are forever young?"
"You are EXACTLY correct. Pierce should not be in the game."
"its going good girly, just haven't had a chance to get on here lately"
"Holy shit need to stop trying to text and drive. I can spellz for realz."
"If dm isn't working you can email"
"did you see avengers yet?"
"I mean PROUD."
"They said it was Borquez. It was some tolle guy. He works for BCPS."
"- the employer does. Like a traditional IRA, the money in a SEP IRA is not taxable until withdrawal. One of the key advantages of a SEP..."
"WHAT? There's NO way that 82% of SAG members approved the merger. Anyone else a little skeptical?"
"While you are busy populating the world with babies and getting married (in that order), I will be working on having a career"
"football would die w/o the violence in the sport... Look at pro bowl as example"
"I day dream in school about ray all the time I'll be like I wonder if he was here what we'd be doing"
"We know right?? Have a ball! RT : THANKS! Horses + Margaritas + best day ever."
"Phoenix Az has fresh cheese curds ! See U Spring Training ! Arizona Cheese Co. !"
"thanks a lot"
"Good Morning! Last day of school for me :)"
"Worship was so good this morning! So thankful I get to praise Jesus with"
"Game opens in Victorianized classroom - opens onto London populated by Mr. Hyde, Sherlock Holmes, etc. St. Return to texts to design."
"ima be there for sure! I'm just runnin a lil late to COI doe"
"Worst headache of my life"
"#OrbisCascade Digital Services Team will create & conduct a Digital Preservation Education initiative"
"title for piece?"
"Thanks! That's my little girl, Miette!"
"I believe it's Four Loko buddy"
"<----What would you put on this shirt? Exclusive apparel for those who live to be extraordinary! and Promotions"
"Today is #BeyondThunderdomeWednesday!"
"every idea starts with optimism and then leads to pessimism. true entrepreneurs get through the issues. others go back to new ideas."
"It's difficult to teach politicized material without a bias, and it's hard to teach without admitting and countering my own."
"Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers."
"We are the youth gone wild."
"How is everyone doing so far ?"
"this is total bs. #pussinboots got jobbed"
"I hear the ice is moving on the Yukon River by Nulato!"
"i was replying to your tweet about it being shocking that i have a twitter. that was from April i think. late response!"
"I know its early but HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY!!!!! I can't believe you're turning 14 already, where did the time go?"
"But I have like no idea at all :o seriously? ^^ xoxo ♥"
"oh I'm not sure. You can call up the venue tho. Im sure they know! LOL"
"The baguette has come to be something of a symbol for France! Try one @ Firehook Bakery w/butter & jam & a nice glass of vin rouge."
"Good night!"
"Thank you!"
"ALEX HOW WAS YOUR DAY ?! :D"
"believe it or not, #dl10 inspired new needs analysis ideas/inspiration. That's my action post conf."
"Happy to see the pick up in the first round!"
"Every week an est. 42,000 people die from diseases related to poor quality drinking water with 90% of them occurring in children under 5."
"yes more stuff to buy"
"\": I just wanna lay in bed and sleep all day\" sounds like a plan"
"idt he wants me :("
"being #evil from now on"
"\"suck it\""
"Haha! Ginger-supremacist!!"
"when do u need the lyrics video thing? (:"
"u gone share"
"Almost caught up on"
"I had the farm burger as well. I have never had country ham on a burger."
"isn't my baby floyd fighting tonight ?"
"How am I suppose to get $500 by Monday"
"well take an xtra cheese please!"
"\"Telephone\" it 's least favorite song."
"Let's get some runs. Jesus."
"I think the fame from #moneyball got to head. He told me he's going sabotage this season. To get the new stadium in SanJose"
"sorry for the graphic description."
"I. HATE. SCHOOL. GRRRRRRRRRRRR"
"when I have a six pack and I'm beautiful like the rest of you guys. So. Prob never"
"we'd like to know too!"
"You are playing at the Wiltern on my birthday June 20th! Probably one of the coolest birthdays I will EVER have."
"N a relationship you 2 should have phone conversations, don't just text each other all the time! \"yea\""
"RT : HNN #BornTooSoon Tweetchat May 3 , what do you want to know about preterm birth in limited resource settings?..."
"Facebook/Twitter fans: Come get your FREE SPICY CHICKEN SANDWICH all day today! Show this message to get yours."
",great game idea, too bad I can't use it due to bad language:( Have you played this game?"
"I just got back from running! Its so rejuvinating...hope u heal quickly!!!!"
"Starting tech training for our new teachers."
"thanks for the rt"
"Don't know how a baby can have a unibrow? Me either, but I've seen it!"
"Good to see and join the party! We sure do it good and we do it all night! #beerpong #twitterbinge 13/24"
"i love the starbucks right next to my school!"
"Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 Transliteracy: reading and writing the world in multiple media (I am big advocate of the transliteracy movement)"
"is it bittersweet being in and playing in your home state NY?"
"Just sang Beat It in front of 200 people!!"
"great use of symbaloo and nice picture books! Thx let me know if we can help for other conferences!"
"Thanking God right this moment for sending that miracle to me this afternoon. :)"
"I'm so glad I ended up watching the Jersey Shore episode that included 'Ashamed'. I discovered a great band! Great music :)"
"Fahrenkopf: \"Crisis requires federal legislation.\" Needs luck to pass Congress"
"RT : Kind of journalistic equivalent of holodeck from Star Trek. \"Computer, tell me about Fins game in style of Madden\""
"aw your background pic is absolutely adorable :) you two are precious!"
"You make it sound like work! (well, ok, it is) Have some sympathy for the guy who has to put your exam together ;-)"
"Not gonna be able to sleep since I slept all day"
"yup! pretty pretty cool. it's shame it's an ad...thanks!"
"I know me too. Haha he must be xD"
"Falling in love with being a producer :) Still not thrilled about writing but I'll deal :)"
"I can't imagine a missionary facing a bigger challenge than the NY Jets Locker room."
"What I dream of is an art of balance."
"haha i agree!! Oh so what about tyler and caroline? Will she notice?"
"#ff Our weekend crew! #patCAST Live Show Tomorrow Night! www.Pat-Cast.com"
"\"MOM AND POP AREN'T EVEN A MOM AND POP?!\""
"Cocaine's a hell of drug"
"Celebrating International Coaching Week ~Multicultural Coach for his great work"
"Currently at Echoes & Reflections Educator Workshop at the Holocaust Center in Cincy. Lots to learn!"
"Oh! You would! RT : I'm telling everybody!!"
"Me too. I rarely post there, and when I do, I have to watch everything I might say. :/"
"Text DYNAMO to 69937 (MYXER) to get Lil Dynamo's content directly from your phone."
"Watch Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!"
"happy birthday pal"
"(Gonna regret sayin this) we haven't had the big one yet."
"I can't wait till tomorrow"
"Any word length is fine by us."
"Thanks for the RT!!! I'm sure my nephew thanks you as well!!! GT"
"Angelina's near the Tuilleries 226 Rue de Rivoli. And try the hot chocolate! Amazingly rich"
"baning some big gignatic...great concert"
"my whole life"
"Ill be a Mahomie forever & always. <3"
"followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P"
"cross your fingers!"
"ohh yeah. first good night sleep in a while."
"I hate it when your talkin to somebody on the phone and every few minutes theirs a long pause....."
"Yo, I miss BART. LA public transportation sucks big time!"
"Do you think Janelle Monae is femme or butch or both?"
"Saw neighborhood Segway scooter guy rolling lonely down deserted street Christmas eve"
"And then I'll die and you'll be all like, \"She did that for attention,\" and someone will realize I'm dead."
"look at u a twitterfied lol. Just a ur ago.... Well u know u and technology lmao"
"So, I took all of 's money at poker and he 86'd me from till Memorial Day. I think he got the last laugh."
"In a bit, reviewing footage for another lengthy editing job. Project is not super exciting, but the pay is good."
"Bball Wives movie! Bob Johnson is single handedly trying to destroy the Black community."
"notchet but gona keep u n formed weekly"
"#alamw12 ? For : can I sync my ALA Connect schedule on the alamw app? Would be helpful!"
"If the master thinks it not possible to learn from the student, what has the master learned?"
"Kings coming back. Down 1."
"Join Nikki at the Hill Country Galleria from noon-2pm for Snow Day. It’s the perfect opportunity to shop and have fun with the fam!"
"that dude!!!!"
"I will be working...I am always working! Lol"
"Thank you!!"
"I'm exhausted, grateful, satisfied, stimulated and now happily in a food coma. Thank you #BabesAtSea!"
"How Much Are You Saving Monthly For Your Retirement? How Much Do You Think Is Enough?"
"#ShoutOut to pursuing that dream . Wish the best of luck for you !"
"agreed but i take it one step further: even when devices work perfectly, we still have plenty of drama in our modern lives."
"#MyBiggestFlaw getting myself over worked and saying this I don't mean"
"Kevin good morning, hope all is well. The Google Local listings we do for Pool guys, get amazing results. Call (949) 407-6253"
"Montero needs to get his first hit as a Mariner SOON."
"Good morning!"
"Son is staying hydrated at his baseball game with Pineapple ...much better than Gatorade!"
"Good seeing u:) RT : Ran into for the #ThinkLikeAMan premiere"
"is it teva or isabel? RT My celebrity crush is not well known. My friends aren't impressed that she follows me on twitter."
"not sure when you wrote this. Of course you can share anything!"
"\"I celebrate the guy's entire catalog.\""
"watching last night's bachelorette premiere...."
"lol have fun"
"it was some peggie"
"And to everyone else, please excuse my recent half-hour binge."
"\"Twitter reply...doesn't allow editing or copying?\" It did for me. Try diff browser to help debug?"
"What are your plans for Black Friday? Do you have a strategy?"
"Why are irrelevant Swansea and even more irrelevant #LFC on the only other Fox channel I get?"
"girl. Its no fun here in Ohio either. Lol."
"I'm leaving at like 2 on Wednesday."
"fucking awesome. used to do that ages ago."
"Hey ! Hurry up and get home! We miss you!!!"
"yea i kinda figured that out! K Ima try to work on it!"
"I'm gonna go write. I'm gonna pour a vodka orange juice. Smoke a blunt and write this song because I got words seeping out."
"What's the going rate for this kind of internship in your neck of the woods?"
"you and me both. “: Man, I used to love Ambulance LTD”"
"Come to Houston, Patrick. Lot's of great places for bbq."
"i hope your talking about mahomies and not a girl... :c"
"washed hands"
"Huh im FUCKING BORED"
"dm that email. Gimme some info on what particular beats you like and I can send some taylored to your style"
"too late! I didn't get your text Putanga :("
"We are giving away tickets to see Boots Electric tomorrow at on Sunset. Retweet this message to enter!"
"Finna get some new clothes young huh lady"
". For me, allowing the community to select precepts based upon self-assessment of how things are going promises to be powerful."
"good luck you won't need it though(;"
"#Mobile Broadband will have a bigger impact on the #Web, than #Wireless had on #Telecommunications (poached from E///)."
"rice cookers? would love your thoughts on the one i link to at www.susanefine.com -- and some t-giving tales, too!"
"for hip hop heads like me, yes haha"
"Yeah Hood! Lady Saints Volleyball advance to the championship game, 3pm Sunday!"
"NEVER trust anyone! They will take your heart, soul and money and leave you with NADA!!"
":O tut tut! Will come prepared on Tuesday don't worry (;"
"Because kinky people, are happy people."
"my mum proper loves them hahaha\"
"preciate it sweetie"
"Take my tweets to heart that's on you"
"thanks 4 following!"
"Drummer broke his foot. He thought it would be a good idea to sneak into a military base and kick a Tank. He's hardcore like that."
"Realizing that life would be so much better without him."
"So impressive to be sitting a few feet from Charlotte Gainsbourg, listening to her in such a small, intimate setting. Thanks SIFF!"
"Where is your favorite place in DC and why. Best answer gets a #free ticket to film fest. DM us!"
"powered up computer and smelt magic smoke....never a good sign..."
"My Ragnar training will start Thursday. My legs should be back to normal by then."
"Site stats show 3 dozen visits via Twitter in the last hour, but there's no new mentions today. What am I missing? Twitter stealth mention?"
"Check us out CyberStationUSA.com"
"Can't wait for this to become available in the states!!"
"just carry the 1."
"thank you for the RT!"
"I've got your pork carnitas in the slow cooker today...I'm super excited!"
"or only responsive by tweet lol"
"you're welcome ma'am"
"some people are warm? HVAC consistency fail. i'm still freezing."
"Feeling content!"
"Final score from the AT&T Center, fall to Oklahoma City 2-1. Full game recap on"
"Its so hot!/:"
"have a great trip!!"
"Congrats 2 on her appearance! Her schedule's filling fast!Bring her 2 ur #college #campus 2"
"Hey Carlton! Thanks so much. How are you?"
"MedPricer &amp; DataPros Join Forces to Enhance Client Offerings"
"Yes, yes they did"
"Can dunk a basketball; kicked at 50-yard FG at Lions' stadium; can drive a golfball 400+ yards; and obvious baseball skills"
"My plan is to hit all the mini-states at some point, so I'd say go for both. So far all I have is Luxembourg."
"- This Massage Chair Got me Horny! l0l."
"hahahahaha...whats good, what u got up 4 the day?"
"It's funny how you hated me like... 2 days ago, and now you're trying to suck up to me."
"thanks man :)"
": is right. Metal is for pussies. Big D will ruin your shit with a stick."
"Brokers this is your opportunity to sell New Single-Family Homes in Doral Join us today at Balmoral in Doral for more info 305-593-1110"
"Up singing Boats and Hoes. Deadliest catch with out the Crabs lmao"
"Phil was right; you were unwatchable this morning. You owe Andy Card an apology; he barely got to say a word. sometimes, just STFU."
"Holy crap that's funny!"
"After midnight, all conversations lead to sexual topics."
"i love your positivity my man!"
"Which team will benefit from that National Anthem tragedy?"
"Lots of big baskets by Bron in the 4th, but let's wait to hear the detractors say no."
"Getting online in a PC-less world | The India Daily"
"I found the best survival tool for this summer: headphones!"
"All moved into my dorm room."
"someone please find Nick Stahl"
"it's been a year since i've used twitter. does that make me an early user?"
"Siding with Mike on this one. Euro Club/Champs League is tops for competition. WC more glory"
"wow. Strong woman it seems. Sounds like she made quite an impact on your life."
"I saw man holding baby behind the bench in first. Dark haired lady holding baby behind bench later."
"Bernie Madoff Hates You"
"hahaha no I'm drinkin too! Sum of that whiskey :D"
"How am i supposed to anwer the rest of these questions when our class hasn't even learned about it yet ?"
"bad bitch"
"When life is overwhelming, it's a good idea to take a break to watch 'So You Think You Can Dance.'"
"twister probably less intense if they would have had a gps"
"hey. I can't sleep either. What's up?"
"I thought about writing an entire short story composed of Garden Path sentences. That was a really exhausting half hour."
"good afternoon miss and sir, how r y'all this evening?"
"the full moon blues."
"ur a joke, a disgrace to the game you \"love\" go home"
"Investigative report-environmental injustice-working since July tonight it goes 5pm/10news-would it happen in La Jolla tip of the iceberg"
"BLT salad from old pink house in savannah, ga"
"the best god is a telescope"
"Such a nice break with in-laws. But totally hectic in different ways. Miss the Twitter!"
"She was in mr.longs class"
"if i did a cover of the apple tree and sent you the link, would you watch it? :)"
"yo bitch shut the fuck up and bitch you cold have you him cause he wouldnot be trying to talk to me hahahalmao"
"Hello little-little!"
"griffin lounge is cute... Ok"
"vinny has the whole package"
"hmm on game night. And I thought you were a fan :-) hope its a good one"
"yea fuck that police ass nigga...dat nigga get no play in my headphones..."
"Oh, nice! I'll be visiting my friend in SD, so I'll have to ask her more about that."
"John and I are in Atlanta!! How jealous are you?"
"Drum roll, please.....Are you ready for my pick for scariest book of all time?"
"Did you know: The word \"bridal\" comes from \"bride-ale\" which is an old term for a celebratory wedding feast. Now go impress your friends."
"When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument and is debatable. When you stand for something, decisions are obvious."
"Its km CNN iTunes hydrogen ignorance McDonald McGee"
"One can often learn something new every day just by being a librarian. Investigate anything interesting?"
"It's such a great feeling to have people really like something you thought of. Gives me hope that maybe I do have good ideas after all. :P"
"he's coming to LA? Omg when? (:"
"I'm right here Mike! Thanks, I like you too! :)"
"Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life."
"Mamma Mia...let's talk PIZZA! How do you like your pizza topped? Are you a thin, thick, or hand tossed fan?"
"for tonight, a night in with pizza + UFC! i will be painting my nails WHILE watching UFC. the world might implode."
"S/O Keep doing your thing!! ✌"
"Watching #theoffice <3 it's just great."
"fat guy with tattoos on a Cervelo? Then yes, twas I."
"i do. Haha"
"Just proves my theory that HYPE is currency.. Be it music, mothers day or money. HYPE = Currency // VALUE... BOnKeRS yo"
"I hate how Austin has too many friends on facebook :( now i cant add him. fml"
"$15.40 on barnes and noble.. and im 28! how old are u?"
"you cool?"
"REALEST tweet I seen in a minute!"
"You right! Thx lady!"
"i need food"
"Thank you. Everything recent there is cataloging. I'm more of a public services kinda gal, but I'll be looking into those."
": of what? An eagle?"
"Ya it's wierd, once I click on the egg pic in my profile it does come up. So you for sure can see my pic without clicking then"
"Coco lounge already crunked... Mann holup"
"Free Consultation..Get your appt. Today.Divorce, Child Support.... Serving all the West Coast. (727) 474 9988. 12 years experience. Call NOW"
"hi im kristina but my friends call me jesse can u folloe me"
"Keep it up Nuggets!!!"
"Who has time to Delete their followers to look like more people are following than they r? Shows dedication 4 u to follow back. To me."
"#CoolStoryBro now go jump off a cliff and die."
"ha remember you asked me when the fair in springs is? Well its this weekend :x same as your prom lmao."
"Walker leads WI to the bottom. March Jobs down 4500, rest of the nation is up! Good for everyone BUT WI"
"When creating social projects, think about the lurkers as much as the ppl who will create content."
"#GMIC making a big push for doing online registration as part of your #green #meetings strategy. easy! use !"
"Telegram from = day making."
"ive never felt this way before"
"Let go of those self imposed restrictions & celebrate being alive! Stir it up, b/c you never know when you're gonna go."
"Perhaps making the popular vote count for more than horse shit?"
"Ooh, and Armenian too, bonus!"
"Headed to a film festival to watch my film ! If you're in LA and you'd like to join me, inbox me :)"
"Got to sleep in =D now to get ready for my new second job! First official day! LB WHERE YOU @! ;)P"
"Damn its cold. Had to put on long pants. I guess summer is going away. So sad."
"I'm overdosing on Christmas music,... its coming too fast!"
"Verizon FIOS fee increasing to $52.99. hm \"this rate increase is unrelated to the speed increase we will be implementing.\""
"You too! any big plans?"
"Probably shouldn't go. I just get talkative and then sleepy when I drink. And I know someone will draw shit on my face with marker later."
"I swear every girl tweets at least once \"I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime\"."
"Thos so boring idgaf bout what yall gotta say :P"
"watching The Layover with"
"license includes alumni. Universities just need to manage remote access. Would love to see more users in SA."
"Trying to switch my sleep schedule around. Hello actual morning."
"Prayin' for fast recovery B!"
"Thanks for the add Ben! Looking forward to following you and checking out your"
"You mean Judith Viorst?"
"\": YOU'RE sexy AND Talented!!\" what a nice way to end my Twitter session for the night--thanks!"
"Hey there guys...Hi. I still exist. hi there. yeah. Okay just move on, no no I'll be fine. DON'T LEAVE ME"
"that is awesome...that saying needs to trend."
"hm well Tyler Texas works for me. As long as I have her. Haha"
"To reduce our vote down to one issue plays into the hands of those who want to take the vote away all together. Stop being manipulated"
"haha right. Dude are you going too UABB?"
"I was literally brought to tears finding this sad news out. God Be With Whitney on this next journey."
"I thought you died man"
"listening again to the music of up madz!"
"this morning was a definite fail"
"Thanks, biz must support the communities that support them!!"
"I did ... let me figure out how to paste it together."
"The Zoo is great, as well as all of Forest Park (has a couple museums). Go to the Busch factory, and eat at Pi Pizzeria."
"I wen and saw the Treetop Sailors last night, and they rule."
"no reply on Berlin coffee. I have your list from last year somewhere, but interested in anything new for Mom's 1st Germany trip."
"Something I tell my students: red ink is good. It means your story is big enough to have room to grow. Not every story is."
"Whoa. Tonight's ep of crossed into real life for me. Camp friend on the street = dude I actually did high school theater with."
"Dream jobs are rarely dreams but more often jobs."
"Should I go downtown and try to score a cheap ticket to Roger Waters performing The Wall at AT&T Park? Decisions, decisions."
"thanks for listening :-)"
"BBC’s coverage of British Open under threat"
"I was just informed that he grew up in my town and like went to my high school....lol clearly I live under a rock"
"I've just come to read the meter."
"just seriously...go away...it never was and never will be funny, jackass."
"Deposit has been sent for st johns university..looks like im going to college after all"
"What a save by mike smith"
"Oh and if any one lives in the sarasota/bradenton area in florida and knows of someone who is giving kittens away, tweet me plz"
"I'll call you in the am. Congrats on the win bro."
"I'm just on a weekender here...I'll be back. Maybe..."
"best way to see it!"
"ill tell em after u tellem bout dem tuna rice cakes u got bakin n da oven.lol"
"Rosen has a point. 5 kids is work. But I cant feel Ann's pain. She has resources. Part of the pain raising kids is being broke"
"At the Women in Power awards lunch, great to see so many successful women giving back!"
"crap all the investments they've made seemed to pan out"
"With the #pdxtrailblazers Bill Schonely & auction winners for cocktails and stories about his broadcasting career."
"Is Art Basel pronounced Art BAH-zl or Art Bazzle?"
"Lebron is such a beast... Nobody makes this many and one plays"
"It's Never a Good Time...: Week 12, Day 6 - 16 week full IM training"
"call me back"
"Headed to the broken spoke, for some more authentic country."
"It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday."
"#LiesIveToldMyParents Don't worry. The rock show won't be that loud."
"Practicing good business - The Decatur Daily"
"We hope so, though it's not certain! Thanks for your interest!"
"Trying to pay my parking citation online. Can't find my plate number, or the citation number.... Maybe someone paid it for me :) ha!"
"NY Rangers played thru a Game 7, and won the next game. Lakers played thru a Game 7, then got torched. I guess this doesn't work in the NBA."
"Lol you mean not *all* internships are in Washington, DC?"
"Thanks for the suggestion! We'll definitely keep it in mind!"
"I'd love to see a pic of the shadow boxes!! They sound awesome!! :-)"
"right here! -hugs-"
"but thats what the internet a a printer is for!!!:D"
". describes his acquisition theory : \"I seek to publish the books that scare me.\""
"My favorite London bookstores are and the Shop."
"Oh my god! Go on youtube and watch beatbox cuz i think thats the hottest thing ever other then he so hott to"
"Participated in the online discussion on managing #foodallergy in schools. Great forum and advice!"
"Come On !"
"Is it too early to order your mom flowers for the big day? We don't think so-it's only 2 weeks away! Call us today!"
"1) a choral experience of some sort 2) exposure to classical music. God knows, they hear all other types everything they go!!!!"
"I think Ms. Tar will have to settle this one..."
"Bad news first... Nashville is a No. :("
"Yadier Molina made a mistake, you guys."
"I will delete it I'm new to twitter lol I'm not an expert like u and Greg lol"
"I love you"
"pretty decent selection of beers on tap and nice staff."
"Tough to fix all Bush Admin failures, spelling in 4 yrs RT Ben Ladin is dead. GM is alive. But America is still going broke."
"Craving wings and fries again... There isn't a place close to me though :("
"WWMRE What would Mr. Rodgers Eat?"
"Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday. Lets all do our part to visit local wine shops, restaurants and markets in our area!!"
"Listen mother fucker... STOP, STALKING ME!!!"
"Resign & re-sign are two different things y'all. So when you tweet #resign28 then I think about giving 28. So do it right"
"Closer to yes! Almost there! Check out OASIS on kickstarter! It needs your support! You'll receive sweet rewards. Only 6 days left,..."
"Holy effing sh!$! was so funny that I peed a little!!! Excited to work on the tour in Minneapolis!"
"NO COVER CHARGE on Wednesdays1!!!We're gonna start this year off the right way!!! Twenty Ten!!"
"Whenever I hear \"The Hardy Boys\", I always think about the fictional teen detectives, haha!"
"Lol they good its my first time eating them RT That's my fav!!!I I'm jealous lol"
"I am so stressed -_-"
"Too many people see it as a business and want to cut corners with art and setup..."
"Happy #AprilFools Day!"
"So far with the exception of luck, all the picks have kids, so young to have little ones. At least these kids won't struggle financially!"
"Thanks for the follow! We have in common: love YA lit and love animals. My husband's the musician!"
"Sub 2 classes in a row >"
"Grilling out and a vodka lemonade Saturday. Baseball, playoff hockey and beautiful weather...love me some springtime in Wisconsin!"
"Hey - give a gift to in Jess and Skip's names & get their names on the new bldg!"
"Absolutely! Can't say that this happens a lot to me though!"
"whats wrong boo:/"
"\"If a clown tosses a ball into the air, sometime soon it has to fall.\" excerpt from Voices, Kyle Muntz, FI"
"Holy Thursday.. Wow, talk about the night before a big game - the eve that Jesus layed it all on the line for us."
"hey i heard ur a player. nice to meet u, im the coach."
"The #Mariners offense, like a reverse bear, hibernates every summer."
"Thanks, Will! It was a ton of fun, and we made it to the finish line. Next up, I wanna try for a half-marathon!"
"Coming up..7 art fairs in 3 days...so much to see so little time..."
"Cool :D"
"my macbook is ike overheating right now, and is being loud does anyone know if apple cleans it out or something so it won't heat up?"
"if it isn't a poem, then I think you should make it so & write it! Xo"
"fool where were you !"
"Are you always a hose bag or is this something new for you? ()"
"I know grown men who are afraid of that bridge lol!"
"risk risk risk risk."
"I think it's time to have an AccountCenter App in Android. Google is taking over!"
"Heard a news report that the state of Louisiana subsidized opening the animation studio to bring jobs. First movie gets an Oscar. Not bad!"
"Oh boy, talk about pressure. I'll do my best. Just tell me where and when :)"
"I've been seriously slipping on my diet......."
"specific hallucinations = self-portraits generated by the brain. f.ex. autoscopic hallucination"
"You too!"
"I dont really care"
"Huh? That's funny... 'cause I'm waiting to READ a blog post on Ruby, NLP, and Topic Modeling."
"if someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason."
"That statement was much less about sushi & more about not giving it up to come get Mexican with us."
"I love going to nice restaurants with him <3 .... only because the food be popping."
"Never in my life have I wanted to flip off a firefighter. But never has a parade of them hollered at me."
"I like moving. I see it as the beginning of a new chapter."
"Check out my demo songs in FL :) I've been missing it dearly ever since switching to mac"
"I miss being 21 :("
"got the windows down, the radio's on..."
"I know. Our D #ballsohard is playing LIGHTS OUT!!! Can't wait to see who shows tomorrow. Feeling confident. You???"
"Insanity will be the death of me!!!!"
"somebody give me some new words to replace sick and chill"
"Are you a thief because you just stole my heart;)"
"I'm still tryna recover from aquagirl/sweetheat too 😳"
"what's the difference between being a friend and following them?"
"just remember to have her money at the end of the day lol \": 😉 Ill pimp ya out. RT : Thanks!\""
"It's unbelievable how much has changed in a week"
"It's 11:11 make a wish :)"
"genuinely glad to see so much (correct!) helium alarmism. but shouldn't the natural gas boom have meant a helium boom, too?"
"Random lady on the court for #Lakers and #Nuggets. Sure why not. She looked a little confused and intoxicated to me."
"Couldn't have said it better myself! RT : EdgeRank is to Facebook as the PageRank is to Google."
"#BCEagles time to rock and roll!"
"I played the Big Gamer on Campus Instant Win Game & Sweepstakes for a chance to score big prizes! Check it out www.biggameroncampus.com"
"We can help with that!"
"Happy Friday, everyone! Have a great weekend!"
"And of course continue to spoil my baby girl she gne be spoiled rotten just like her momma but she won't be selfish like her dad"
"On crosscountry flight with crying infant right next to me we just made an emergency landing in Kansas City Life just gets better LOU LAW"
"probably in the dugout"
"I need a new #lense any ideas."
"i have to start tweeting more, this is tough."
"Open Mic tonight...Smoot Mahooty Friday & Saturday nights...Come on down!"
"T1 I wish my doctors knew each other! Very hard to get communication between care teams"
"takes top 12 losing to twice :/"
"All great truths begin as blasphemies. -George Bernard Shaw"
"And we have snow. Wine? Check. New movie? Check. Christmas tree? Check."
"Feel ur pain. Same here. RT : not eating out or spending $ for a few weeks. Christmas kills me! #ramennoodles it is for lunch."
"YW, I think it was in someplaces!"
"Is anyone alive .. Cuz I got home n went straight to work..."
"These niggas sound crazy"
"congrats on an amazing 2011. Cheers to 12!"
"CM=chicago made"
"Alright so, who's coming to Bamboozle and what days?! Let's all hang."
"i love when the boys arent covered in make-up."
"I love what happened last night, but the Colt McCoy slander on my timeline is just terrible."
"The Global Elements shared a link. Flyers www.theglobalelements.com Global Elements | TheGlobalElements.com"
"We are seeking individual instrumentalists for cruise ship house bands. Super sight reading skills, versatility, n 3-6 month commitments!"
"I'm soo upset :( devastated can't believe pats lost this"
"Wishing I was at #WMC right now!"
"Welcome Jeff! Thanks for the support! xo"
"I never thought I'd be at a point in my life where I'd think that I need to take more risks. #YOLO is sappy & annoying but true as hell."
"lol Jk jk. U know I lahh you. :) Edgar does the dick slapping round there. Lol"
"Hi Bubbles! Are you available to help judge SC auditions Friday 3:30-5:30ish? Food afterward is offered as a bribe to judges.."
"A slow Saturday afternoon where I can *see* the sun go down. Good. Let's have more of this thing, whatever it's called."
"Check out and join in when TRR's holds a Twitter interview w/ this coming Monday (5/23) at 9pm EST/6 PST."
"lets go to #NYC and shop soon !!!! that'd be so"
"www.allgodscreaturesfilm.com"
"Fear! Not realizing that there is space for each of them because their style is definitely not everyone's cup of tea"
"what a quincidence ( I think that's how its spelled ?)"
"Cameras ready prepare to flash"
"Say true."
"you know it"
"Can someone explain why API designers love to create as many nested levels of data in their response format #antipattern should be AFlatAP."
"Red House Painters' Katy Song...so damn good. I don't know how I was so late. I love this album so much. But Katy Song, especially."
"#LiesIveToldMyParents I work at a bank"
"Glad you could dig it, Flint."
"Ate a Azuma DRopPed a bunch of money on Sushi!Darn good(Spider Roll)."
"observe and report is horrrribbbblllee don't waste ur time"
"I adore your smile...it's contagious *(*."
"Migraine-ville."
"I had a dream I was on and now I feel like I'll be sad all day cause it'll never be true :( lol"
"I'm just kidding \"/"
"RT : Bitches be tryna play the good girl when we know damn well THEY A FREAK"
"Nashville! Imma be making some noise inside you tonight! Playing at the Five Spot with Chris Pickering at 9:30. Come on with it!"
"No spoilers. I can't watch until 10:00!"
"I just found the most adoreable Chihuahua background! Couldn't resist!"
"#WeWereCoolUntil you started thinking I was jealous of you. wth? -_-"
"Oldie...194. Between 14 & 16 min mark talking about Vegas Shows"
"let's go to the high school this week and get out tip ins from :)"
"i'll bring you pretzles tomorrow to cheer you up :)"
"Hey iMix96.7! Glad to connect with you via Twitter!"
"Hey Ralph☺"
"Fuck love ? No , fuck the person who made you think like that ."
"I see you get excited about scoring titles, us Laker fans get excited about world titles. Lol"
"Our cover of 's \"Boyfriend\" is sounding HOT! Coming at you tonight!"
"My mama said fuck it nigga hit the streets & live , got some crack in the corner & I did what I did!"
"still twittering"
"The Thunder opened a can of whoop ^%%$$ on the Lakers last nite, Yikes!"
"Shiiit I do.or they see subtweets RT Omg tell em RT : Ladies that natural look is not for all y'all"
"the awkward moment when people don't recognize u."
"We are supporting the Englewood Fire Department on tonight's show!"
"These teenagers have started a We Will Rock you clap..."
"“: i wonder what the person i'm gonna marry is doing”"
"Mitchell Baker #Mozilla #GlobalINET Net censorship & regulation is threatening connectedness even in \"free speech\" nations"
"We just attended an internal #IT presentation of BI tools for marketers. It was so complex that nobody got it. Where is the \"easy\" button?"
"What's the research for? MBA?"
"What r #thoseladies up 2? This ladie is with her momma Yay!"
"I take it State won?"
"are you going to be attending OAH/NCPH?"
"J.R. your very welcome. Looking forward to your tweets."
"Poker tables for sale!!! www.eproducts4less.biz"
"looking forward to making some music w you 2night at Oakland, 10pm set!!"
"Oh yeah, definitely, a smooth yellow with a hint of pulp is totally in right now. HUH???"
"I just saw this! I miss your odes to Padma."
"sex on a period."
"Black people CANNOT be ashamed to demand #Justice. It is \"for All,\" is it not?!"
"I automatically follow back where you at #teamfollowback #teamautofollow ???? Hit that follow button and get a follower!"
"when i switch lanes"
"OH: life is too short to drink crap. I wouldn't drink miller lite with a 10 foot pole."
"Ran 6 miles with a backpack rather than take a $12 cab ride"
"I WILL KILL YOU!"
"follow me chris"
"well of course. How long have LAL been in the league? Only 1 team has more. Nothing to do with the present or future"
"I would happily work at an Irish taco place! #LuckOfTheIrish + taco ="
"I had a good time, but I don't think as much as you did...lol"
"So glad, , for the follow. Thank you!"
"the deadline for receiving entries is this wednesday !"
"If anybody's looking for a great make up person in the LA area, I've got a great one--Sarah Dorsey."
"*raises hand* RT : Raise your hand if your Klouchebag score is higher than your Klout score. *raises hand*"
"not to mention parts were shot in the same room stockholm syndrome was"
"can I get your number?"
"Lou Gossett Jr is coming to Boston in November as part of the Ford Hall Forum. He's speaking"
"got your email, looks great! are we going??"
"yeah I know tell me about it and please come to warped!"
": No way! Pure Country was way worse."
"I love AriZona Arnold Palmer. It reminds me of Chicago."
"Just saw John Leguizamo's one man show Ghetto Klown @ the Ricardo Montalban Theatre. It was a blast!! Funny, deep, touching and buck wild;-)"
"I'm invited to celebrate persian new years. Where is persia?"
"#latin of the day - Quod nesciunt eos non interficiet. - \"What they do not know won't kill them.\""
"good move.they can finally be real niggas for once..Acc soft"
"Sacramento endorsements this weekend!!! LA underrepresentation bodes poorly for LA Candidates Hectore de La Torre and Janice Hahn"
"Morning max, thanx for the follow. I'm looking forward to reading your post. Take care..."
"ENKG STILL RUNNING!!! YESTERDAY'S GAIN 1200%"
"no I was at church for ash Wednesday"
"Good Monday! Where would you want to be instead of where you are at now?"
"I just finished a 1.25 mi run with a pace of 13'52\"/mi and a time of 17:23 with Nike+ GPS."
"Barbara didn't really say that, now did she?"
"Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church - Corner of W Commerce & Gen McMullen! Los Despoz performing w/"
"Seconded. MT : Forming an exploratory committee to nominate Werner Herzog as narrator of the Fifty Shades of Grey audiobook."
"The complete piece, plus 5 sick details! Check it out peeps! :) Enjoy"
"I'm gonna miss you too, you better come see me!(:"
"truth is, you're annoying and i hate you."
"I thought Betty White did a stellar job!"
"do u work for cumulus?"
"The lowest."
"you account logout"
"so us girls went to the bra & underwear section, & i found bootypop. so i put it on"
"Sometimes my focus needs more focus"
"I got MAD respect for a nigga when he in a relationship & claim whts his..."
"yep! Didn't know the prosecution couldn't ask any specifics of the charges. So hey!"
"Time change. #Woah!"
"Is your insurance going to cover everything?"
"ah that's disturbing"
"When you know what you want,and you want it badly enough,you'll find a way to get it. - Jim Rohn"
"RT F the haters we love you Agree"
"Bahahahahaha ! Oh Teddy you're the best!"
"I'm n pain right now is in my hometown 3 mins aways from my home & my mom, my HS friend met him & I'm stuck n Orlando UGH!!"
"Anne Neal, president of American Council of Trustees and Alumni, to speak at the College of William & Mary - March 14 at 4 p.m., Great Hall"
"My computer isn't wanting to play my movie or let me take it out! And it's a Netflix movie so I can't just forget about it."
"ain't you a sweetie?!? :) BBN loves you and feels blessed by the choice you made too!"
"I don't know WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL?!"
"exactly right! we're not doing our job, and/or not doing ENOUGH!"
"Generic 4/20 joke here. That's right. Not even going to try."
"So glad \"Directioners Are Sexy Carrots\" went off the list of Austin trends today. Scary."
"nytnyt and sweet dreams allie~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear friend <3"
"Don't think it didn't cross our minds! Startup budget and all"
"EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !! SHES A #DIRECTIONER #ICONIAC #GRANDER AND #MAHOMIE ! SHE DANCES TO (: FOLLOW HER !!"
"Could be enjoying being awake this morning more..."
"Unexpected long ass day at work(s). Now time for some food and beer."
"This is going to make for one Hell of a locked up abroad episode!"
"It looks like this is going to be a Blue Monday"
"Catching up on my gossip girl"
"sad to see Jerry Rice put in company with no-class TO and Moss. He deserves better."
"When he winks smiles & waves<33 ."
"Actually I'm interested in sharing your link with my counselor staff. I can't view the video while at work."
"justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS!!"
"Can someone please make a decision regarding Titty Glitter Mondays?"
"#survey: Do you use a #mobile device? iOS, Android or something else?"
"do you read anything into what seems like a lengthy visit? Glad the sun decided to poke out today!"
"Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Elephant & Castle - Pub (live updates)"
"Love to share more about the biz if you direct message us ur contact info tho. Maybe you'd like an invite to our opening party?"
"Yes, so sick of this dreary rain. The grass just keeps growing and there hasn't been a chance to mow it! Oh well... maybe nxt week"
"4 more chapters to go in this book...the test is tomorrow."
"Dallas Clark????"
"Once on April fools day I pretended like I was going to kiss this guy, then I punched him in the balls and shouted \"APRIL FOOLS.\""
"this is for Alex RT : Chin straps are for helmets...it's not a \"style\" of facial hair."
"great interview last night"
"perfect cup of coffee. nice day out there. reading about the natural history of the appalachians."
"great seeing you Michael! Stop by the office again some time."
"RT RT : Sept 3rd-6th, Enjoy the Cucumber Refresher Pedicure for $25. A true labor Day treat! (We agree!)"
"It's another rambling 'n' radical radio show with our MASTER CREEP Alice Cooper and all sorts of 4:20 refer-ences...NWAC @ 7p on 101.5."
"RT We're auctioning foursome at Erin Hills for Children's Hospital. As a bonus (or not), I will loop for you. Call 414.799.1965 bid"
"no 3. I did OT tho. He is doing great. Money well spent"
"My passion is to protect children from harm"
"Argentina’s football league changed it’s name to Crucero General Belgrano 1st Div. after the ship that was sunk in 1982. FIFA is not happy."
"I really really miss lacrosse"
"Romney speaking at Liberty University today...presumably to baptize the whole audience..."
"Outdoor Source wants to wish everyone a safe a happy holiday! Need last minute gift ideas? Stop in and let us help you out!"
"Coming on Twitter just to announce recent developments in my career might come off the wrong way...so this'll be \"job accomplishment\" tweet."
"Music is my medicine as well as my therpist."
"#312techie im back on this on. I have used this twitter account in the longest time in the world."
"Hunt: that sort of perspective is missing in US foreign policymaking."
"dude. I was thinking the same thing!"
"Very good. Looking forward to reading!"
"Sunday 12-2 the dog shop in gtown. I am taking Percy, Perry and Paddy pups to their adoption event, come adopt them please!!!"
"So true! I am a Scorpio (DOB: 10/23/62) and that's the essence of my character..."
"good luck man!"
"You get abused long enough you start abusing shit"
"Or Disney World, hey I don't mind."
"A sign of the apocalypse: ESPN showing (extensive) highlights of AAU (high school age) summer games."
"I'm going to poop like I've never pooped before."
"Monday morning, I love monday morning!!"
"Either i'm on a school bus by accident, or these college students look really young"
"Thanks for the RT :D"
"Absolutely. Email me a snailmail address () & I'll send you a DVD on the topic."
"#MIAvCHI is gonna be intense. asdadgfhjkl;"
"whats up with these fail or win tweets?"
"\": Mondays u come way to fast\". That's what she said."
"HAHAHA...I referenced that movie last night!RT If you don't like the movie Backdraft, we probably can't be friends."
"Same here! i'm lookin at the clock like just 90 min left, just 88 mins left.."
"“The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.” ~Richard Feynman"
"i want to take this platinum"
"Getting ready to go to FedEx Field with my daughters to see DC United play Real Madrid"
"I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair"
"That's the only show I watched when I was little!!"
"dodgers bullpen takes a dump again"
".PERIODS OF HEAVIER SNOWFALL COMBINED WITH BLOWING SNOW MAY REDUCE VISIBILITIES SIGNIFICANTLY AT TIMES...DID I MENTION DRIVE SAFELY."
"Get ready to bid on unique experiences from for the Super Silent Auction!"
"oh I know!, what's up with that.."
"Wish i'd though to record the sounds coming out of my lungs the other day. Amazing Anakin-without-the-helmet-at-the-end-of-Jedi wheezing."
"Power is out in #Fineview! So, & I are sitting in the dark having conversations/finding entertainment through social media ha."
"i like svu more than you."
"Very nice Chanatip! (But I think that you should come to the US and work on that doctorate)!"
"Yes please. This sounds amazing!"
"suck my balls!!"
"is the Incredible Hulk of the Archives Justice League"
"remember how he stayed in that game for awhile? in hindsight, not smart."
"yea bro I know smh. But now i just moved back from Az and tryna find a Job in stuff and maybe going back to school"
"#IADMIT im the worst person to give an iPhone to this year damn"
"That dog nearly had me.” chanel outlet uk | E-Tech-World"
"Do you have a hard cock for me? I need it badly"
"And on to a second hole for the playoff"
"I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement, my hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then."
"Dumb ass <3"
"next weeks's season finale of #Revenge looks amazing. i can't wait!"
"I wish:) RT : Elle Macpherson WOW! If only I look like her when I get older. #sigh It's all about neutrals."
"Thanks for sharing your views!"
"Orlando is fun, but A Writer's Diary is actually my favorite Woolf."
"The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination"
"3 1/2 week am class starting September 1 and an evening starting September 7th! Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!"
"We arrive in Columbus on Monday. We will be in Wilmington by about two"
"I wanna talk two my man toniqht.! But idk"
"Good Luck to all students having Chinese tests and Oral exams! 加油！"
"Watching Goal! 2: Living the Dream"
"I see some Shit never changes lol.....got any free time this weekend ? Wanna get a beer??"
"Hey man Im a christian guy and 1st I wanna ask if you can follow me? 2nd I want you to know that I will be praying for you!"
"RT if your bored!"
"I increasingly feel like Twitter is junky, and I don't want to add to the junk. I still have a work account which I'm active on."
"Ah that bvb song is stuck in my head now"
"I Want Some! RT : Getting these devil eggs together for dinner toma"
"DDS Design Services is proud to announce it was awarded Chicago Home Improvement Magazine's Make Over of The Month for January / February."
"Keep pushing toward your dreams. You are almost at the finish line!"
"instead of generic stmts like corporate profits R up, list companies w/increased profits that R not hiring & let's boycott 'em"
"Can you watch the game from Boston?"
"Whats goin on da deal...long time no hear from....hope all is well..still waiting on dat email...lol... #iGotBEATS!!!"
"Thanks for the favorite!"
"Prof is asking for input on her pedagogy..."
"All we wanna do is eat your brains. We're not unusual; I mean no one's gonna eat your eyes..."
"I DONT THINK I WILL EVER REALLY BE \"INTO\" THIS SOCIAL SITE SHIT NIGGA GON HAVE 2 HIT MY LINE OR SEE ME N DA STREETS"
"im good, how are u cutie? where you been at stranger"
"Went to top golf for the first time today for our work xmas party..really fun! Basically a competitive driving range"
"it is so funny"
"best night of my life."
"Come hear the CU Handbells at tomorrow's 8am service at Trinity Lutheran in Hillsboro. Rev. Jim Pressnell will preach."
"will he wear 18?"
"So happy to hear they wear our pouches!"
"ur the baby whisperer!"
"Roll. Roll it gyal. Roll it gyal. roll....."
"One month until LOST!"
"Yeah. I'm hoping they learned their lesson on that one."
"Back from school got a lot of homework"
"deep water carter, fishing for a dollar."
"Still disappointed by \"Smoke\" on 'Jay Stay Paid'"
"At \"when traditional media meets new media\" panel #latism11 our cup of tea"
"thanks so much for coming to the board meeting. It would have not been as fantastic & amazing without you."
"#First20SongsOnShuffle \"Feel Good\"- skip 18 songs then \"Passin' Out Money\""
"i know the entire SONG...Word for WORD!!!"
"thank you :)"
"Viva Mexico!"
"it's good to see a tied game after that first half!"
"My life would be made if followed me... Never gonna.happen),:"
"About to try with I hope it tastes like my grandma's Korean cookin'!"
"Alright... Time to start ripping on the fashion choices at the #goldenglobes cause this game is OVER"
"Check out SD Home Garden's food/restaurant/recipe alliance with KUSI TV, plus SDHG's active facebook and webpage coverage of TASTY!"
"Love this stormy #Chicago #weather! Wish it was the wkend so I could lie in bed & listen 2 rain & thunder thru open windows :)"
"Making me laugh until I cry :)"
"I like the movie much better when there are people in it. Maybe I'm demanding."
"at griffs if you would like to rebuttal"
"Day 2 of German. Can you say \"Neutestamentler?\""
"Headed to IMCUSA's Chapter Leadership Conference later this week and Nat'l Board Mtg. Excellence in consulting and ethics."
"Good luck & have great games to & in the City/County All-Star Game. Last game as a Titan."
"I think tears."
"I had a great weekend and a great teacher in"
"Saying \"I'm sorry\", and saying \"I apologize\" mean the same/interchangeable in almost all scenarios... except if attending a funeral."
"Oh yeah. Big Mac is in the top 10."
"DAMNIT!!! I'm watching 24 and am so immensely bummed about Bill Buchanan!"
"RT RE brokerages that are embracing technology will win. Those who want to turn back the clock will lose."
"Wishing you a blessed Palm Sunday!"
"really, is it that boring?:o"
"First Friday countdown- can we get a front page story on Sat saying how many people came out to FF ??"
"Oh we going off this summer my boy."
"The DOOSH rocked last nite. Great club! We will be back there soon."
"haha I made my brother drive me to Wal-Mart and he bought me all the flavors!!! Hahaha :)))"
"Happy Fourth-O-July from ya boys in Nemesys!"
"why the early nite??"
"how much you adore me(:"
"same with elevator buttons. It lights up and people STILL push it!"
"why just 1 song?"
"how do you call that? really - wow"
"I start losing it at about week 3 on the road.... must get to bed tonight. Wake me up for the free hotel breakfast."
"'Evian' spelled backwards is 'naive'..."
"that's awesome! I thought it was only a special! You just made my week!"
"I sweat just as much starting fitness at 350lbs as I do now."
"so fucking gone"
"sorry…the correct answer was 330am - hope you made it. :)"
"Congrats to Ellen Hart from Houston, TX for winning a LightPad by Artograph during our Reader Appreciation Week!"
"I only just finished watching MTP. My jaw dropped. Rachel handled him well; I wanted to throw a drink in his face."
"Some older people heard our music called us freaks and said they were surprised we don't have a hundred kids"
"#impressed That he's Makin A change..! :)"
"Super excited to spin at the #NightHeist party tonight. It's going to be a night to remember"
"MB interview on 1XTRA"
"Are you here too?"
"Put on my workout clothes then laid in bed. Motivation 0. Hibernation 1."
"We picked \"Admission\" to place;came in 3rd in 1st race. Learning we should have picked to \"show\" but it was exciting!"
"Ugh, up early as hell"
"I need a passport man!"
"You really need to see Adventureland - the movie - really a surprising, great movie! I wasn't expecting it."
"\"You knew when you were needed and when to go away, a rare talent.\" - Jaime Lannister"
"Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson's trash into treasure in Mexico - Inside Tucson Business Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson 's trash int"
"Let's do it! I think & are headed there too"
"I know! I'm the best at those."
": are u going to school tomorrow?"
"Awww thanks! Im glad you like my #teamsk pic :) I cant wait for the show either!"
"Everyone wants free gear. I wish I could hook everyone up but I can't. Prove your about it by actually buying something rather than talking."
"This woman in front of me has order 20minutes worth of fastfood. #GOODGRIEF 😲"
"missing you so much! Je t'aime."
"that's NYC for you. I miss the double features at 104th st Corona movie theatre back in the day"
"Damn it wanna start raining before i head to class"
"Thanks! You are so kind!"
"take after their dad"
"RT : Just saw a black guy and thought it was again."
"Yeah, I'm blocking her. She's not getting the time of day lol"
"\"All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions.\" Any stories, thoughts or muse to share that fit into this?"
"I hear you! It is a great night out. I'm not so sure I want to be here either."
"oh yeah they are a confused group of people."
"You guys are pretty fantastic too! RT: we're very familiar with , they are great!"
"Not gonna be on twitter for a while."
"“: Hi, my name's Meagan, You might want to remember it now, because you'll be screaming it later!” OMFG LOL..."
"Eden Rooftop is bananas right now!! Dj Life flowing. Get here now!!"
"that's excellent!"
"bout to stratin my hair again then start driving to virgina to see my big bro off to college!!!!!!!!"
"Kate Parker talking about how her students can appreciate the choices made by 18th anthologists in their own online archive"
"Had a great time with the Paynes and my sister in law!"
"Did a daytime investigation of Bachelors Grove Cemetery today, including a divining rods & EVP sessions at the old house foundation."
"Our greatest battles are that with our own minds. Jameson Frank"
"i slept with Domo last night..."
"The far left has lost the intellectual battle on many issues so they fight below the belt <- #alinsky tactics"
"Thank you. Glad to have you still following me!"
"can a sister get a follow back?"
"Good morning gorgeous :)"
"ooohh... Yeah it is you're birthday isn't it? I forgot to send you a card AGAIN! #facepalm Happy Biryhday t-dice!"
"After seeing a sweater on the sidewalk, a dirty hippy girl picked it up and PUT IT ON. Her boyfriend was as grossed out as I was."
"thank ya :)"
"i think you do."
"I'd kill for hot weather. Good thing I'm going home on Friday"
"Right on. This my first time doing this. Asked her for information and she was less than useless. Ordered enough for the month."
"My guess is Francis. Unfortunately!"
"What is Bethea doing in the endzone? He wasn't covering anyone Man to man inside the 20!!! Change the defensive scheme Poor poor coaching"
"Bout to fuck up sum food"
"If you are still in WPT Jax, and you follow me... GOOD LUCK!"
"You take a #shower every day, but your #dog doesn't need a #bath nearly as often. #Groomers: what do you recommend?"
"i am gorgeous!"
"Just saw an Animal Welfare van, makes me wonder where to apply for dog food stamps."
"Checking out Miss Muffet Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre on this rainy afternoon... Light rain in background adds to the magic."
"thanks for sharing this link!"
"1% away from an AB in accounting and I can't get bumped up. Thank you to the strict accounting department, happy summer to you too jerks."
"I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!"
"i was so mad today that i chucked my ipod at my locker and the whole right side of the screen is cracked :("
"Open & ready to serve you! Dbl Punch Drink is our delicious Peppermint Mocha. Shop, Sip, and SAVE - 25% OFF Almost Everything in Bookstore!"
"Thank you!"
"is hosting a happy hour tomrw @ Marriott's Tequila Bar & Grille from 4-7! RT is heading to"
"Man do I hate seeing a lead like that squandered. Might as well give the #flyers a little hope cause they're going down in 5"
"50 lbs of lobster thawing in the fridge gettin' ready 4 our annual Father's Day Lobster BBQ!"
"Thats right baby thats what we do"
"Josh Hamilton 😍"
"On my way to the theater! Come join me for a night of awesome improv at The Rep."
"Looks like I am signing off. We wanna thank all of you for an AMAZING night. Hope y'all had fun, too!"
"To be fair to Madonna, that was a rogue Pube ;-D!"
"If life is an ocean and you're a sail boat then the setting of your sail is your goals and opportunity the wind. Breezes may come and go...."
"High, as long as the didn't get soggy ;)"
"I got a habit of calling everyone 'Honey' because I usually can't remember their names."
"A big thanks to the students of the Advanced & Multivariate Statistics class! We look forward to working with you next semester!"
"u guys play cypress creek tuesday?"
"Spending the rest of the weekend at screenings catching up on films we've missed."
"Close your eyes Mary Shannon! Lol"
"Time for work again.."
"Internet down all day today. Sunny, warm Friday afternoon in October- could be the last of the year. The next few hours are going to be hard"
"dope cover"
"and the lead in Twin Peaks. AND his assistant is the real mayor."
"CLT area business owners -- what leadership lessons are there from Gettysburg? Outstanding opportunity this Thursday morning. DM to learn"
"Okay, let's giddy up on the iPhone 5 then."
"You are not old. 'Cause I'm older than you, and I can't be old yet. ;-) Many happy returns! :-)"
"Please pass our tweets along and suggest us to friends this event is closing in on us"
"hahah:) can you Please get everyone but Nate to stop calling me that!!;p I only allow u two!!:p"
"Getting ready to go live @ 10pm with my 50th radio show of \"SALSA ES LO QUE HAY\" Go to and join me! LETS GO!!!"
"So sitting at bw3 by myself talking to this guy next me having a good convo about the game n didn't know that he was owner of BW3.....whoa"
"#directionerslovetickethangout me and are in love with you're music. It's amazing."
"please follow me Austin. Ur new cover of it will rain was amazing. Well , all your covers are AMAZING ! <3"
"What's everyone doing for your New Years Eve ritual???"
"Butt plugs? Gotta clean'em erry now & then. RT : #CanIBeHonestWithYou I like to smell my plugs when no one else is looking."
"All my twitter drafts disappeared and I am overly upset about it."
"#Learn The #Bully, The #Bullied students and the By-Stander. Most students do NOT want to be By-Standers, but how?"
"Thanks for all you do for me!"
"we are working on it in the ATL, you added a show and we have a few more days but sold out or not, it will be a party"
"I'm not #religious, i'm"
"I want a rainbow cupcake! that shit looks trippy!"
".RT : Man is OWNING this rally! \"I committed myself to making life better for all.\""
"Thank you !"
"#OKC #Thunder can match up, especially when is put in a pressure situation"
"New Rush album coming soon. Hm, should I care?"
"Happy Jim Burr is reffing this Georgetown/Cincy game. Now, UofL doesn't have to deal with him tonight."
"Dukes Country Saloon in Kenosha tomorrow ! Jugs Hitching Post in West Bend Saturday !"
"I already do, go me!!!! I'm so excited to see you at warped omg????"
"L & G,We are being held momentarily by the train's dispatcher, wearer of fingerless gloves. Let's just hope he doesnt try to get fresh again"
"'PHISSY' not so much."
"I been on worldstar & youtube for like 3 hours.."
"Were I ever in the position to take them up on their escapes, I would, too! Have you ever been on one?"
"I feel like #acting gets more & more infused into my vains!! Love it!!"
"Alright we got a show in Nashville tommorow at 3rd and Lindsley at 6:00 p.m sharp. Who's gonna be there??"
"At least it's not a foot of snow a week before the election:)"
"maybe you just need to \"walk it off\"......you loser!"
"Italian Birthday Cake vinyl: 7\" on top of a 10\" on top of a 12\", covered in mini-cd's and shredded cassette tape."
"The novelty of being in the same country hasn't worn off :)"
"My astro prof always used to say you need to know what you know and you don't know. \"Know that you don't know. That is superior.\" ~ Lao Tzu"
"has tweeted some great stuff today! I for one am glad I follow him."
"<------- follow them! Sick company!"
"Just ate a fresh maine lobster, steamers, and steak tips. The best meal i've had in a while!"
"time for work!"
"I fainted greeting into my car today if that's any indication of how my day is going"
"I actually don't know. I just saw a commercial for it. And then I tweeted substituting Jake Arrieta's name. I'm ... I'm sorry."
"I think #ViolaDavis looks phenomenal rocking her #natural locks!"
"Morning along the coast emerges with each curve that tracks this train past salt marshes, stilled inlets, and egrets + gulls abob the eddies"
"Yes, Tagore is right that it's all about the depth and quality of experience."
"Ask Chef 2 surprise U! RT : Saw yr new chef highlighted in 's May issue, wht shld I try 2nite?"
"NEW STUFF UP IN HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWOLD.NET ALL NEW - 'Pic of the Day', 'Music Video of the Day', 'Quiz of the Week', 'Puzzle of the Week'"
"Fuck it dude, let's go bowling."
"True. RT If you don't like people, don't open a cheese store. People like cheese, and they will come into your store."
"Sorry, hun been busy. How you been. :)"
"LaMarcus Aldridge will have arthroscopic surgery to repair labral tear in right hip. Out for rest of season."
"Howard is on hour 16. What do you have?"
"and all other ATL Geeks.: 8/25 looks good. Who wants to host the next ATL DH Lunch?"
"Ill peep that out RT : black keyes"
"#wordonthestreet: the next ep of the Super Frenchie Diaries tv combines , wingsuit, & hot air balloon. Stay Tuned!"
"how r u doing?"
"dudes, you guys are trouble together. That's okay I will just teach him speak to correct it lol"
"also kills traffic and revenue to the original source. Thanks, Zuckerberg."
"Be sure to post photos of the outcome!"
"I hate the Giants, and even I think that would be pretty sweet!"
"You know you're lost in the world when you have no idea about avengers. I should start watching tv."
"Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!"
"When I get to.school, im finsstaah do spanish."
"#favouritelyric let your love grow tall."
"happy birthday! (: <3"
"Oh Xfinity Live, you rebel you"
"Show on wednesday. Nervous much?"
"Great webinar today. I was able to attend the first 45min, looks like a great tool!"
"If one tries to navigate unknown waters one runs the risk of shipwreck."
"There are models and the exact opposite and very little in between here in Cali"
"Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them..Until we STOP doing IT! -__-"
"I ended a relationship May 1st..Does the fall under the eclipse? Is it possible to reconcile under the eclipse?"
"have a great day with mom wish I still had mine xo"
"Dreamt about not deciding what to wear to the race and and therefore I missed it. Oh boy"
"2 yrs in a row we have a RHP in Finals who turned down 1st rd money in MLB draft! Is that what it takes now?!"
"thanks for the retweet on the Indie Go Go!!!!! :)"
"looks like I don't have to clean off my bed tonight"
"Turbowolf... The band that pretty much describes my recovery in music!"
"where's the scrabble love?"
"This boy..."
"HEY! Wednesday S/O & girl after my own heart !"
"good luck tonight ! See you Friday :)"
"Sycamores and Stags are underway at Third place is up for grabs between a pair of great mid-majors."
"Just went to Freddies; thought buying only wine at this hour would look bad. Then I remembered.... it's Easter so..."
"I knew you'd understand Tj.(:"
"Mixtapes are lazy excuses for a lot of artists. It just goes to show that most are followers. Make a real project please."
"four day you rested."
"Congrats on winning EPT Copenhagen. One of the good guys."
"hahaha thanks man."
"sounds good.I'm going to dm you my number."
"George Harrison<333"
"Big debate about the speed limit in Ohio..what do you think? Raise it to 70 miles per hour? Plus, more summerlike temperatures - join us !"
"Galileo satellites intensify competition on the market of navigation"
"Wooh.. had a rough day... Sitting on the couch with my laptop is wellness for the soul right now!"
"Welcome to Nittany nation!"
"I think it should be called green friday for all the money that's spent."
"my kids like the French toast and the eggs. Bottomless mimosas help the rest of us ;)"
"my kwyboard is broken"
"I knew that I was secretly a Gen Xer rather than a Millennial (scored 49)."
"MSNBC now has a hospital spokesperson who confirms Giffords is still alive."
"- Australian laws concerning meteorite export are strict. Not sure about tektites, although the law likely covers them also."
"Today is gonna be a busy day for the babes!"
"I was just looking through pictures my mom just printed, and theRES A ONE DIRECTION PICTURE FROM THE CONCERT"
"get ready : \"S/O to for the interview tonight. Look out for more things from both of us.\""
"I be trying to lay the knowledge to em easy. Lol"
"About to interview LL Cool J via satellite. He's hosting the Grammys Sunday night on CBS. What should I ask?"
"that's lovely zayn!"
"Waking up to Gabe :D"
"almost tempted to let the dog go to the bathroom inside just so he doesn't come back in covered in pollen. ALMOST."
"Two more days until we"
"#KeepCalm&CarryOn attempts to put its finger on the sorry mess we're in & moving forward from that, what can make life truly worthwhile <3"
"MSNBC getting punchy? of course - how many times can they agree with each other about those evil teaparty folks? High school..."
"It's so fabulous that if we shared we would have to kill you."
"you never fail to impress!"
"okay, andd may i have your skypee?"
"All because of DJ with his beats by Dre and turn tables"
"Off to my second class. Another presentation on the proper use of punctuation."
"what do you have in mind? Direct message me or email me. Let's talk some business."
"“: Just finished season 2 finale of Boardwalk Empire. I'm fucking speechless. SPEECHLESS!!!” AGREED!! I was floored!"
"I'm actually going to the event in Chicago! Figured since I'll be there I should take advantage of it."
"prayers to you"
"Happy Birthday bro"
"<3 I'd trade my soul for a wish*Pennies and dimes for a kiss*I wasn't looking for this*But now you're in my way <3"
"we need to take more pics lol"
"Need a gift basket for a client or a friend? We will custom design one for you. Email or cal 623.223.7560"
"When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you"
"Hey Hey!"
"The last day of the semester is over! Have a great summer #cua!"
"nothing wrong with the officiating? What game are you watching bruh?"
"Congratulations on your academic success and graduation! Wear that grad gear with pride! ^bw"
"Hey can you help me out? Give me some advice?"
"Busy day ahead of me...legGO get this day started :-)"
"I'd be curious to see the research in that article, about the medium making no difference. Wonder if it's just K12 or highered too"
"sorry mandi ... it's a little hot in here if you know what i mean. btw you have a BEA pass."
"Happy 13th Birthday to my sister Erika (:"
"I think I'm a keep to myself ..."
"IDK yet. I do like the piano a lot. Hopefully it listens better for me on the 2nd go round"
"#giant on love rock Hudson such a man"
"You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.-Napoleon Hill"
"lessons learned in our oh so fabulous and fun life. lmao."
"i knew you would"
"This weather is making me want to go outside and splash around like Gene Kelly in \"Singin' in the Rain.\""
"Need People to Play in Denver Area Fantasy Football League. Draft will be this Sat. or Sun. Fee is Low. Please send direct message to play"
"Cameras ready #movie #plies #ritz2 shout out all my ladys"
"RT “: If they matter to you, let them know.”"
"I don't understand why dubstep is popular. It's just techno with more wubs. :|"
"“: Theres no way is single. This just cant be. Lol.” ahahahahahahah. Your off chasity."
"Are you a fan of Trueblood or Twilight? Come dressed in your Vampire or Werewolf costume during this week's Party Pit April 26 from 6pm-2am!"
"#Spring cleaning today at Workspring! We love getting the space #organized and looking its best."
"\"Everyday she writes words and more words - Just to speak out the thoughts that keep floating inside.\" ::yael naim::far far::"
"Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy."
"- how much you want for it? those are nice guitars"
"Honestly, these self proclaimed men who judge other men because of the music they listen to or things they do through kindness.."
"Got my #iPhone4S shipment notification this morning. It is Oct. 14th yet?"
"Oscar Nom-A-Thon Weekend's twelfth and final feature (and today's fifth): Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Bring on the Oldman!"
"Tru happiness starts within oneself. It is at that point in which 1 wld Bring someone else in the picture to SHARE it with."
"things are great, will shoot you an email to catch up!"
"I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff."
"It feels late af"
"The grass on the oval is so lush I must roll in it"
"I was just watching that as well, It is insane, especially around Newbury Street!"
"hahahaha, its awesome out here. :) I'm having so much fun. I'm doing awesome thanks! Went to Wyoming 4 days ago too lol"
"Suffering from syndrome: complete inability to motivate myself to write a paper.... the simplest of papers at that"
"LET'S GO! MAKE SURE Y'ALL ARE FOLLOWING and ! THIS IS ONE ARTIST YOU DONT WANT TO MISS! CERTIFIED! RT"
"Let's GO DUKE! GTHC!!!"
"He's mad :( What did I do?"
"Shitty.Dropped my Ipod and now its cracked aint that bad tho. But i blame cuz she made me run!"
"Justin Bieber:Never Say Never"
"I love my boyfriend, he will break every bone in his body just so i can be happy. =)"
"Picnic sounds good. Sand is awful add beer to any of those and I am far less picky."
"took a 3 hour nap today, and now have a"
"I thought it was Chicken and Watermelon? With a drink machine that just had orange drank, purple drank, and red drank?"
"Why a 3D model rather than video? Can accommodate tangents in teaching, branch and return flexibly"
"I'll say it before Jim does ... what is Minecraft? If it works, it works. How do kids w/o computers learn? Is it a crutch?"
"ooooooohhhh #dyinglaughing 😂 I see you sold us out huh?!?"
"I couldn't date a girls with a manly voice, it's a turn off. Like why is your voice as deep as mine? Why?"
"Revenge, nah I'm too lazy. I'm just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up."
"In e-mail, says they are closing, effective immediately."
"ive been really bussyyy... so how you been?"
"Going riding for a while, need to get out :-)"
"Total mis communication...but still nothing but good news"
"Amusez-vous bien! RT Pure Barre Grand Opening tonight! See ya there!"
"cant wait to turn up tonight!"
"“: No thank you! ;)”see you next Friday!!"
"For those of you not watching, great game between two of the NHL's premier teams tonight. Playoff matchup? Go #Bruins!!"
"A sacred marriage draws its passion from its inclusiveness. Passion for another person has to fade, but passion for life itself is eternal."
"I need to brush my teeth before I make out with morrissey."
"Dc bound this weekend.... For give an important endorcement...."
"UPDATE: Due to the excitement building around - #BBRN will archive it 30 minutes after each live broadcast."
"It's a great turn out for our Meet & Greet tonight. Thanks to Milliman for hosting"
"NASCAR costs: $3 million a year to field a Truck Series team. $5.5 million for Nationwide. $18 million in Sprint Cup."
"well said!!"
"I miss my so much! Visions of the west coast dance in my head..."
"They are in my book. Yankees, Duke . . . RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?"
"thanks! Spread the word."
"just spread butter with my finger because I didn't want to take 3 more steps to get a knife"
"I haven't read Born to Run, but I am now number 235 in line for it at the library . :-) Thanks!"
"Everyone go follow he is a boss!!!!!"
"#40dollars a paycheck is how much my family puts in my 8 year nephew's college fund. We hope that will pay for 2 years community college."
"what if i did lololol"
"You better make an appearance miss."
"Good option. I see there's a way to limit it to my outgoing tweets rather than all traffic that would delete a carrier plan fast."
"Is that a Joke or are you just hating:p Lol"
"congrats on the new addition to the family!!"
"I love working with ! Great organization! If you haven't watched , I suggest that you do!"
"on your profile,\"bad bitch, talk shit\" etc"
"Soccer with the cousins ;D"
"RT : Whenever I see the number 1701 in the wild, a little part of my nerdsoul smiles."
"Yowch! Good wishes to you and yours, my friend!"
"\"Twitter has changed everything\" -"
"Nothing like discovering you do in fact have OCD when your stress level goes down by about 1000% simply cleaning your room :P"
"Welcome back where you at big bro?"
"When winter comes back around I'm doing no complaining."
"Tired of loosing revenues because of missed calls, customer hang ups - Let them text your business. Text me to learn more: 916-420-6020"
"Oh james....RT : That awkward moment when you can't do a swimming practice with the team.."
"The sun is so hot"
"if sumone book me for a show i will"
"Need coffee, a croissant, and patience. Today is going to be a long one."
"Is there much difference between Richard Armitage and John Thornton? Now I'm intrigued. If there is, my respect just spiked. Again."
"I've been tracking the calories I eat the last 2 days and they almost always make it under 1000/day and I'm eating normally."
"Ohemgee , That pic of the jersey for , whom I never had the pleasure of meeting, just broke my heart."
"Saw Amelia Gray read from THREATS tonight. Pretty fucking awesome."
"naybe we can meet."
"Pittacus~ The measure of a man is what he does with power."
"thanks for following us, Ryan!"
"Yes, Pop/Punk has its place, but it's not the only genre out there. Last.fm seems to think otherwise."
"6.days.left."
"#RonPaul really sealed his fate. He said he'll cut all foreign aid. Even Isreal. I like it, but it won't win an election."
"but is that Beehive also a notorious brothel?"
"Chillin with Audra today : ) might go see a movie and thinking about going on a road trip"
"More editing today, almost done!"
"FOR SALE: 1080P HD MUSIC VIDEO DSLR CAMERA! $600 HIT UP FOR MORE DETAILS!"
"what about Heineken does that count?"
"Seasons 52's Spring Menu starts one week from today on March 15!"
"LADIES LOVE ME <3333 love that song"
"Wow! Just a thought, my passport is getting dusty! LOL :) :) :) xoxoxoxooxo"
"“: I Hate Stepping In Wet Spots With New Socks >.<”Shit be the worst jus makes me 😡"
"Know anywhere good for Juleps on Cinco de Derby Day?"
"Yes! Now have all of 1915 restaurants, and the data are squeaky clean."
"wasn't sure if u had it yet! :) RT : have bookbags, art supply, & back-to-school specials -110 halsey st"
"Amazing show tonight at ! If you havnt heard Impossible Bird's new CD, do yourself a favor and pick it up! Great guys, great music!!"
"-- Like your thoughts on edu! Was wondering if we could show your our stealth product we're building to get your thoughts?"
"RT : In that case I think you use different platforms - but each objective can still be met."
"Enjoying my new Droid incredible"
"your so cute :)"
"That's good. :) I'm a huge fan of Kickstarter and I try to back lots of projects. So statistically speaking, we are on track?"
"I'm off twitter till tomorrow cause I'm such a lamo"
"Yup. Definitely had a dream about coming back up last night."
"Work Work Work"
"that is the greatest thing ive ever seen"
"Hungry already? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 and you could win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal msg rates apply."
"Thursday Drunks will be at Fanny Ann's in old Sac this week! Thursday (duh), 7pm, very top floor. Cheers!"
"It was really good - we just put too much of ginger. Will have to try again."
"Yo vibe with Jp and my other homie Chitty Bang.. They both from Fort Laudii.. Play that \"Party Like Its New Year\"/\"Bottles"
"#RollTribe power surge"
"Is voicemail a generational thing? I mean... why leave me a 2-minute VM when you could just e-mail me \"Are we ready with this yet?\""
"Sitting here enjoying my tree. Happy to have some presents wrapped and underneath it. Finally feeling like Christmas."
"At home in Bmore thinking about how the Wizard of Oz did for the Ravens this weekend. What do you think? #Crabs&BohsHon"
"I have \"Mystery of the Old Thorton House\" Nancy Drew fan fic I wrote n illustrd in 4th grd. Vry spooky mossy house!"
"Let the bullshit slide right off and just live free"
"You should ask.."
"Im gonna wait for my time for austin to see the past tweets i have sent to him and follow me. I hope i will happen someday<3"
"Ultimate praise! “: One of my students said this about me today: \"She is a book legend.\" It made me smile. . a lot. :-)"
"sweet. not the easiest lighting for photos, but great lighting to cover up our manly blemishes."
"Went for a walk in the rain. Saw many rabbits. Couldn't convince any that I was friendly and that they should let me pet them."
"I'm sorry your feeling sad :("
"hello pplz,I'm bored lol =]"
"is all over his twitter game this morning!"
"Bootcamp yesterday...kickboxing today. Misery tomorrow."
"Poor September..."
"Very nice! Im headed there in 2 months with a bunch of friends. It will be in the 120s F by then haha :-)"
"on assignment"
"just checked and it's not showing that I sent any spam. Can you send me what you received please?"
"Maxwell Drew Johnson... what kind of fool would name their daughter this? Oh, Jessica Simpson."
"whatever chick stuff xD hahaahaha I got one of my own thx ;) wat do u need a dick for? xD"
"Is your exercise program a health benefit or a health challenge? CG Philosophie"
"Overslept:( school starts at 7:35 and it's 8a.m still haven't left the house"
"you know what would help that shoulder pain? If you come up here and lick my butthole."
"don't lose your mojo! We rooting for you Kel can't wait to hear what you cooking up!"
"Who is laughing at the guy with the solar panels now!!!!"
"Go jump off a pyramid please."
"Just let it go via"
"Thanks for the endorsement, means a lot coming from tourism folks! :)"
"Just cut up at princeston university Omg it went down!!"
"Thanks for the follow, but 5000+ followers and only two tweets? Sounds like the Cubs offense."
"Great job by Yong, Bestrong Benaked, now dinner time."
"Foster care system helps thousands of kids - The Tennessean"
"good to hear you are back."
"I didn't take any pics or videos because it was so sad. But others did which I'm sure will soon be on youtube"
"Stop holding on to stagedy ends clip them please don't it doesn't look good when the hair is long and thin!"
"haha well thanks for the thought"
"I enjoyed watching it. You could label me pro-headhunting."
"I like to pick and choose what lessons I take from her. Like we probably should for all books."
"just raining here 4 now"
"Life has thrown a lot of punches at me but for once I feel really good of where I'm at in life and of what God has blessed me with."
"Well, I'm about to see if I can go back to sleep;"
"Million Marijuana March L.A........who's going?"
"I'm bored"
"re Distant Star: yes"
"Whoah this guy wants the big show to get on his knees, gay much?"
"Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph.-- Zig Ziglar"
"Maybe that's why my relationships don't work,I force it too much."
"A half day of carving on the mountain is exactly what's needed before work."
"that shit was premeditated when he disregarded the police orders to stand down and return to his vehicle."
"I don't think I'd ever want to see Galaxy Quest ever again. It was just terrible."
"It is the best!"
"aww love you princess :*"
"I'm afraid those are cryptic crying-for-help messages. Poor Who knows what he's been going through"
"#twittertopic sleep with their hands in their pants"
"cool let me when a good time is. What the time difference? It's 3:00 p.m. Mst here"
"has an extreme amount of incredible resources. Probably one of the best applications for practical use. Tells alot about people too"
"Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions & actions"
"well either way, good luck!! :) i know i couldn't do it so kudos to you, dear!"
"TRY OUR NEW MENU"
"From prom to tv on the radio to canasta .. I have my whole life cycle in an evening"
"Making cupcakes for my beautiful friend :D"
"I love demi :)"
"yea hahahah I went on my iPod tho oops good night!"
"Uhh i heard that the #princeofpeace was a nice person."
"Is wearing a thong. I love you !!!!"
"so apparently I *am* obsessive enough about details to be a quantoid. good to know."
"A-Wiggle-wiggle-wiggle-wiggle-wiggle"
"He was walking across a parking lot. Question is, what am I doing in Mississippi?"
"Thank you, thanks for having us!"
"FOLLOW ME! I'M NEW TO TWITTER :)"
"If any of the Boyz ever notice me, oh my Fusco. I will be jumping off the walls. You don't even know. XD"
"30 point blowout WITHOUT Perkins. Hm."
"I think the ppl need to know MY story"
"Vibing to that #DreamChasers2 at work with my boy"
"Heather's Headache is playing this Saturday. They'll go on from 8-11pm!"
"It is said that if you line up all the cars in the world end to end, someone would be stupid enough to try and pass them."
"me and Melissa are really bored ..."
"But keep your eyes peeled for my new senior class in Detroit \"yoga for bubbies\" deets soon"
"If you want to help out with the Orientation Fair board tomorrow send a DM or contact our President"
"check out my meetup group Genuine Girlfriends of New York City! We have couples meetups and more!"
"Hi. Thank you for the offer. YES! I would love it if you would Facebook it, tweet about it, tell all of your F&B..."
"Words hurt and can make bruises that never go away. & a person's actions can affect many.. stay strong everyone <3 Everyday, choose LOVE"
"I think i want to go again. thats a sham."
"THANKS SO MUCH HE HAS BEEN TOUCHED BY THE HAND OF GOD,STILL A WAY TO GO BUT HE IS A FIGHTER,WE PRAY FOR COMPLETE RECOVERY!"
"Looked like Rep Champion's light went red, green, red, and finally switched to green."
"Nah, it's not me. It's the lead singer of the rock band Enon from Brooklyn who is one hell of a performer on stage"
"At Thousand Oaks YMCA, it's all about domination today. Of my knees."
"You're right, it did have a digital context, but I like thinking about the ties between the two- human/digital"
"that's who i am right now!"
"« Who tryna hoop down broad head»"
"#SomeWhereOutThere is a woman who wants to tear Mitt Romney apart. HAHAHAHA!!!!"
"We are looking forward to seeing you today! Have a good day!"
"#IfICouldWishForAnything it would that there was a Waffle House close to my crib..."
"So much attitude up in this gate, yep... next stop NYC!!"
"#mygirlrmx why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez wen she kiss me..."
"Back to my natural hair color! It's like a golden brown color!"
"NEW YEARS PARTY!!! 3793 s archer 3dr FLOOR PENT HOUSE ft dj ThEm0 H0USE.HIP HOP-H0USE TILL 6AM. C0ME THRU! EVERY ONE FREE BE FOR MIDNIGHT"
"When your dreams start to tease you... Your getting old... I'll just this \"ghostface grandpa and the wu-cain clan\""
"School work pairs well with live Met Opera broadcast. #gradschool via"
"The first presentation in B122 is \"Paving the Student Career Path Through Social Networking.\""
"Or, you know, basic crowd control."
"so how was the #madmen premiere? haven't had a chance to watch yet"
"Cops stop me earlier. They come to me and say \"papers\" I say \"scissors, I win!\" Then they made me get out and do some tests. Sore losers"
"With my love get'n some food then relaxing for the night .. Spring Fling Festival Tomorrow NIGHT in Long Beach, BE THERE !"
"BROADCAST ALERT: Ohio State at Miami just announced a 7:30pm kickoff. TV: ESPN."
"i can ice skate, but not roller skate"
"Hey Tedd - Congrats on the album."
"throwin' the word \"friend\" around a bit loosely there, eh?"
"Looks like today wasn't good for a lot of The West Wing brackets."
"Yes JAH Thanks for following! Look for our releases!"
"just followed you on tumblr ;)"
"Hahaha. I'm sure it's going to turn out well."
"footloose is quite possibly the best movie ever."
"Where can I get a Twitter #Election2012 tee?"
"#SomeoneIWantToMeet ! ! And ALL THE WAY!"
"Ridley was at Stratford HS as a freshmen. Ridley was not at Bush all years."
"Attending Filmmaker Boot Camp at GI Film Festival May 18 in DC. Looking 4ward to hearing from top Hollywood film pros. Sign up!"
"Congrats - you answered correctly & quickly - so you will be going to see in one week! We will PM you!"
"I feel as though would be interesting in bed. #didijusttweetthat?"
"Made it to My Redeemer MBC, New Orleans with ...sing Gospel Soul Children...: )"
"Sounds Great."
"Tasting morning <3"
"It's Thursday & that means another awesome special! Stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread & sm drink for $7+tax!"
"waiting for Federer/Nadal match :/ RT Courts are being dried and matches will not be played before 4:30pm."
"Wow, look how many followers we have, great job hunters and retweeters! For all the newbies, we are going to recap how this contest works."
"Good morning everyone! But in my case goodnight!"
"Fellas, there is absolutely NOTHING you shouldn't be willing to do for your girl in front of your friends."
"What a wonderful compliment - Jerrejeff! I hope you enjoy the rest of what's to come. :)"
"I am learning more each day that necessity is indeed the mother of invention, or in my case, self-determination and discipline."
"John's back"
"\"And it won't be that long now till I'll be gone. I can almost count the hours, I can almost count the hours.\" <3 (36 hours)"
"Guy in front of us at the ball game is clipping his nails. Not the time or the place, dude. Dude."
"J.R Smith will take every late shot possible smdh."
"RT for your chance to win a burger today for National Burger Month !"
"oh I see my bad!! well I'm curious DM me lol RT : lmao but then one of my followers wont"
"I've been having some work done on our house by and it's really going well. I'm so glad I picked them."
"Car A/C konked out. Bella is not a happy camper...though most panting dogs look kind of happy so, I guess I can't tell."
"How the World Began at Women's Project Theater is terrific! And new Twitter friend, the actor-teacher-director extraordinaire"
"nope you look Asian"
"Good time for u to retreat and logic knew you would run. Last, The FL law is a self-defense & self-protection law & not abt guns"
"o ok. that was common sense. GBR."
"We will be showing the Kansas exhibition game tonight! Go Jayhawks!!!"
"still sore from saturdays hour long haul on a sandstone, diagonal crack at mt diablo. I look like I was in a fight with chickens."
"5 minute stop at work turned into 2 hours, arrrrggg!"
"Been on Constitution for hour and a half"
"Whooooaaa just turned on #Baylor vs the #Jacks and got blinded!"
"resting my arms"
"wow... my love for SNSD has influenced my friends :) thanks so much :)"
"Put a #cpchat column in your Tweetdeck for great resources featuring George Couros and his sole mates."
"Watchn Death at a funeral HCOSoCalifornia"
"How can #pharma and other health organizations get involved in #heartRX and #rxadherence?"
"Next up, our winner in the state of Wisconsin..."
"I think he's gone..."
"Serven is now shutting down --->"
"That time I listened to a cover of The Strokes' \"Reptilia\" by the Punch Brothers and fucking loved it."
"Follow me back"
"Searching for a contract based #technical #recruiter gig in #SF. Leads most welcome!"
"same here!! Hold on I'm gonna tweet a pic of Lana and gaga and you tell me who were's it best!"
"how did you do?"
"Last 8 am breakfast with and"
"Police just re-opened SE Stark at 130th following domestic standoff that ended in a suicide."
"“Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.”"
"when a campaign goes viral and your neighbors grandma and her dog are talking about it"
"Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!"
"I do!"
"\"It takes 100 reason to convince you that you can't do something. It only takes 1 to make you believe that you can!\"—DJohnson (T&BNOV26)"
"1 in every 3 US families owns 1 or more"
"Yeah i think your domain expired, it says that on my laptop! D:"
"I definitely don't blame you."
"lol you got it Mark GEESH LOUISE!!!"
"Someone asks: how you doing? My reply in my head: stressed, worried, afraid im not good enough, my real reply: awesome. Fml"
"it's kind of quiet. Probably not much suspense tonight. Seems like many are saving their energy for the big one on June 5."
"How funny would it be if I just started live tweeting APO elections #answer:"
"Happy 32nd Birthday. Hope you have a beautiful day."
"Estate sale in Golden Colorado...I'm here. So are 40 other people!"
"Oh, How I wish I could be there! Never tried #crawfish, but I bet they are awesome! Have a great day!! :)"
"I wonder when Las Vegas will be back to full Las Vegas again."
"Yes let's! I will be in the office on Wednesday, how about you?"
"Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90% of all your happiness or misery."
"So.....what's the verdict? Did it do justice to the book?"
"Took a pill to make sure I sleep through the night. Let's hope it works. Nighty night"
"That could be a whole line of bumper stickers. Friends Don't Let Friends Tweet About What They Had For Breakfast"
"That tweet was for the chola I bumped into!"
"up early and at work getting shit done before I leave for gatlinburg with one pretty amazing guy #productive #soexcited!"
"Thanks! You gonna be playing our game? ;-)"
"Io is a possibility."
"2 papers and 3 finals to go. Rock."
"Badgers are stanly tonight"
"A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. <-- The TRUTH !"
"Facebook game developer hanging out with people with non-smartphones at smart restaurant."
"#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?2"
"Bad pass Lebron"
"congrats ! what an incredible athlete, true sportsmanship considering events of last weeks game! kudos....now superbowl"
"ah so excited cant wait for it to start!"
"..A 14 year old girl broke into Josh Hutcherson's house and tried to cut of his leg because Peeta loses his leg..what?"
"Heard Dick Clark died, first thought... Winder who had him in the"
"Please call! my daughter's condo purchase& dispute on credit report is causing a major problem with loan approval. HELP?"
"love you too! Upcycling rules :)"
"grammar is fun."
"Only 15 minutes until Wine Down....come enjoy a glass if you're staying with us..."
"please check your Inbox"
"That's high praise from THE expert on the Jura! Thank you!!"
"RT : Anyone have any tips for finding cheaper car rentals in the states for a week?"
"Dense fog advisory for Walworth, Jefferson & Dodge Co. in SE WI until 10pm this am. Vis=zero now in Jefferson"
"Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. James Baldwin"
"\"You are headed in the right direction. Trust your instincts.\" Thank you, fortune cookie."
"how do you explain girls that love cars?"
"That's not funny :'( I like how you on twitter but can't text me back. OH."
"T - 20 min to American Idol. Tune into fox for an all new eppisode. Then after the show tweet who ur favorites were tonight."
"Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy your free time being yourself."
"kick some butt today world..\"YOUR OWN\""
"I appreciate the kind words. Yeah, I'm really over being \"open minded\" or diplomatic about dangerous and abusive training methods"
"The boy & the football player! ;-) RT : I'm watching too! Best one yet! I want that baby boy! My heart aches for..."
"“: “Design is not synonymous with creativity.” /by ”"
"Generally a director will only give that short of notice for film when they are familiar with the actor's abilities accentwise"
"The perfect cure for stress is Faith!"
"yup and dont open nomore of them messages"
"Watching Eastenders for the third time today. :L."
"Comedy Store tonight 8PM- I'll still have my makeup on from my photoshoot today...so world, I'm ready for my close up."
"Where the fuck are we?!"
"oh that's embarrassing. Oh well."
"Just discovered my lungs have been talking shit about my pancreas...Not cool, dude. This is how tumors get started."
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)"
"There is an iPhone ap for Directv DVR. Pretty handy...but if you have and iPhone and DTVw/DVR, you already knew that."
"The GUSA senate unanimously passed the Executive budget and a bill to institute game rentals on Harbin Patio next year this afternoon."
"new jerseys are awesome! cant wait to get my hands on a alternate \"wolf grey\" uni. #goseahawks!"
"OH CANADA, i miss you. i will return"
"MICA kids still needing to pick up your shirt: We will be in Dolphin printing more goodies tonight from 6-8. Stop by!"
"Sounds great. I was a big Monkees fan when I was a kid. Saw Micky at an event not to long ago - still looking good."
"Anyone worried about him wasn't using their head! Filthy stuff is right!"
"In the actual game, Tebow outplayed Moore, Palmer, Rivers, Ponder, Hanie, Sanchez, and Cassel. So he's atleast better than 7 NFL QB's"
"follow me It's Tiffany ^.^"
"Although Commom's does to drake was trash , he still is very lyrical and good at what he does"
"Great talking with a few #indy marketers attending the next Mobile Indiana event! 2012 is a big year for including mobile in mktg mix."
"wow tomorrow is christmas eve"
"i love dat i watchin #40GreatestFeuds on and bout 90% of them are over twitter. lmao oh twitter rich people r funny"
"no it's not sorry. Nice try though"
"there's always someone tellin' on you"
"an while u at it tell the warden I said fuk his bitch ass!!"
"Well earlier then I usually get up 4 school"
"50 years, or 18,251 days ago, Central started meeting. Celebrate with us this weekend - it's going to be a party! Centralonline.tv"
"I just saw your MW3 commercial. Fucking classic."
"I used to regularly eat barrett sandwiches in my spare time...till I cut pussy out of my diet."
"RT : When in doubt, listen to 80s pop music. #audiocontentment\""
"Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join (part time) my startup (as a cofounder) email is"
"Incompentent When you earnestly believe you can compensate for a lack of skill by doubling your efforts there's no end to what you can't do."
"Awesome tango night at The Beehive! Cool place."
"I wish my room smelled like fresh rain and hot coffee."
"mahomeaconswag <3 but i like mahomeaconlove a lot to!"
"The #Yankees sweep of the #Orioles is complete. 3:42 on the time of the game."
"What's your favorite restaurant in Louisville? Tweet us at"
"Special Flavor- April Fool. Don’t be a fool get yours today! A wonderful vanilla, orange tangy combo gelato."
"Girl walkin' barefoot DT #Seattle! Freezing!"
"Hey , our singer quit the band. Would you be interested in joining? I know your busy but thought we would ask."
"thanks my dude"
"Well I guess good bye to twitter for a couple hours."
"a lot of them left everything to escape Castro on rafts though - I agree that its free speech though."
"You have a lot to live up to after seeing !"
"make up your darn mind! Lol"
"Just a reminder: The museum will be closed this Thursday and Friday. Have a happy Thanksgiving!"
"fuck, how horrible?"
"Looking at summer camps for my girls and feeling completely overwhelmed."
"N' I'm up bout to head ova to the barbershop.."
"100%! RT : If you're American you have a debt 2 pay. Not 2 sit back & criticize what is happening but to contribute 2 what should"
"I would do alot of things ;)"
"I have strong mind with a kind heart and a soft kiss but I love hard."
"when my mom buys good cereal >>"
"Why are matches still made in Heaven? You would think they would have started making lighters by now..."
"Wisdom is the study of difference. bgr8now"
"I like watching Phil and his minions looking for his ball. I need to start taking my minions to the course with me."
"I think i might wear a Hawaiian shirt every day. #ImOnVacation!"
"cool. Sometimes I shied away from following folks that have a lot of tweets because I thought they were just bots"
"had a great time at the lecture/show in RVA last night. Totally on board with your approach to improv."
"2nite...we video ...8p at the House of Loom..."
"Sasha vujacic is still way out in front in the people I hate contest"
"that was a good pick"
"well at least not this week."
"Be careful who you give your trust to."
"Something had to give! Ah blessed day!"
"Call your momma"
"So I'm in Fresno, CA 1.5-2 hrs from Yosemite Park, I could only go tomorrow. Wake up at 4am get there by 6.30-7am-spend 2 hrs in the park"
"thanks for the follow !"
"Females get mad cause we smash randoms...well ms.lady if u took care of home & didn't get on my nerves nagging & not doing the right thing"
"._.t so mean!"
"Running around at High School News Literacy Summit at Baruch. ABC's Ron Claiborne gave a great keynote this morning."
"just woke up.....horny.......the usual..lol"
"#mdayton will address the media in the reception room 15 minutes after the #mnleg vote on the #vikings bill."
"Bet the phonies will wear yarmulkes."
"where tf is becca? I'm tryna get it to the liquor store"
"TIME IS RACING TOWARD US, TILL THE HUNS ARRIVE. HEAR MY EVERY ORDER. AND YOU MIGHT...SURVIIIIIIIIIIIVEEEEEEEEEEEE."
"#yourock for that tweet! I was thinking of you earlier while working out a problem. You're always helpful and full of energy!"
"Let me know how the sports biz conference is...I won't be in attendance."
"thank you for a great time last night! Had a blast! Such hospitality!!! <3 you're so great"
"Definitely a big one - which #CentralFL #beach do you frequent the most in the summer?"
"hey hey"
"we would have hosted it for you :-)"
"#Family, #Church, #Fraternity, #Work, #Personal Business, #Social Life...what else...what more can I say..."
"what Riojas re you enjoying these days?"
"My thanks to all the people following me. I hope you'll visit my web pages to see if books I write are to your likiing. www.lindaswift.net"
"Now that the rapture has taken place, I've realized that Heaven is a lot different than I expected it to be. Hm!!!!"
"Wishing everyone a happy, safe, and relaxing Memorial Day weekend! # SLPeeps"
"OK, so THAT's what it takes to empty the Politico newsroom. Not for long, though."
"Out of towners who want to come to Emilio at the end of the month, we've got places for you to stay here in Portland... :)"
"is implementing hCard microformats on some faculty bio pages."
"Missed the 2nd special performance by du Soleil at #drupa? Follow #xeroxdrupa for details of the next performance"
"had a blast playing the Kookie Neighbor in a spec commercial for SNUGGLE w/ award-winning Director Elena Shpak. www.amandabrookelerner.com"
"Changing locations works wonders in a rut. NOT pulling a geographic, to be clear."
"Thank you!"
"you should follow me:)"
"So glad I was born a #Kentucky fan! Where else do you expect to win National Championships every season?"
"Been busy developing new menu ideas- stay tuned for some yummy seasonal selections! Place your EL order at www.EpicureanGroup.net"
"Feeling Antisocial? Get back in the Scene"
"Happy Saturday! Our weekends are reserved for family and fun. How about you? What do you do on the weekends to unwind and relax?"
"RT : Csikszentmihályi: tech is made by the powerful, corporations and govt; not a surprise that most are socially regressive"
"Unfortunate news for Wilson Ramos. Thought this could be his breakout year. Big loss for nationals too."
"lol we're gonna try! Hopefully sometime this spring/summer"
"Sounds good!"
"thanks...did you listen"
"Predicting a big day for Chicharito."
"Avengers was epic!!!! God what I would give to be a superhero...or I guess just cast as one....haha"
"Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!"
"hey Mrs. Pal! Have not seen you in a while!"
"yea what's goin on with that!?"
"Well, the last chapter was a flashback, so you could always start from the beginning over and over."
"wat yall know about that old school???"
"i almost bought about 10 of them today... but stuck with just the salad. maybe one or 2 tomorrow. :)"
"and didnt try to do anything about it"
"Rapp: Seinfeld, Topic: The Doctor ??? Yall are havin way too much fun!"
"Morning peps!!"
"Visited Bookman's. I know from university town bookstore types, but there were some unusual people there tonight."
"I want some but with bacon!!"
"\"Prepare For The Worst., But Still Praying For The Best.\" -LilWayne #John ( If i Die Today )"
"Thank you TJ! You rock :-)"
"I just got naked 2. So excited to paint my eyelids."
"name them please."
"I do not like yelling 'WTF was that?' at my TV,"
"all over it"
"oh sorry bro"
". says that they have to create a subsidiary system that would license school names and take it out of academia."
"Follow back please (: & by the way your so freakin beautiful <3"
"jeez, call yourself creative?! cc/"
"Thanks for showing others how well we're tracking mobile devices!"
"Awkward elevator moment today: I recognized the person next to me but not sure where. I think he was thinking the same thing."
"I'm not sure, but it also looks like is grabbing some camera time at"
"We will be at NAIOP's iCON New Jersey event in June. Hope to see you there!"
"#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama He's not a Republican or a former Republican president!"
"Thanks for the follow. We're definitely fans of your #art Paolo."
"YAYYYY! were going this weekend."
"i meant \"hear, hear!\""
"Happy mothers day to my self and all mothers out there, :)"
"Made a foreign pen pal on the #X2 today. A gentleman visiting from Germany, studying for his Phd in physics. Of course we talked"
"new york, gives me a massive headache!! i heart ypsi"
"really, should have tried the website and better fix your LinkedIn profile"
"Would not be against coming in for bryzgalov."
"who talk? xdd ."
"If you cool with being taken down or giving up your lifestyles a blow job the way of living sucks .."
"It could. Functionally it's a good feature. The criticism stems from the increased strain on already bogged down networks."
"All that && ion even have to be here !!"
"Gay kids have crushes too! I would have had one on you if I was 15 & watching Smash. But I'm 23 now & yes, I'm crushing on you."
"If you come across a full length mirror with built in lighting whilst nude and you're over 30, just turn and walk away."
"Polar bears can eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting"
"Heard Josh Hamilton is headed to after the #Orioles game."
"follow back please"
"Blood game bitch, Big B's Boston Bruins"
"once red cafe drops that 3hunna freestyle he gonna be buzzing."
"Saw the new Two and a Half Men and didnt laugh once...... just like I figured. Miss ya"
"Love the new video!!! DenisitodtC"
"I believe it - must try. Thanks!"
"When deciding between carrots or bell peppers, I went w/ goat cheese."
"i think at JCP. i'm not sure though... lol."
"A zip and a DBL cup!"
"Braves lead Cardinals 5-0 at the Bottom of the 6th inning"
"A funeral would go by.. 😔"
"Lol, its a unique trend"
"My teacher on the computer lookin at swimsuits lol shit she ready for summer too"
"Ms. Rude Temp Job Interviewer, I would rather work at my old job at the bakery than for u. They give me Christmas off & are actually nice."
"correction, second best. His shower is the best. I apologize for misleading all of you"
"Wonderful! I look forward to reading it. :)"
"I'm the designated driver so it's mini bottles in the restroom for me"
"Man dis week went bye so fast man 🏁"
"“: To others, the world goes in one direction. To me, my world is One Direction.”"
"Happy Fathers Day to my baby.....love u always"
"Even though it’s Mifflin, that’s not an excuse to be drunk and disorderly."
"Good Morning #Seattle! How are your allergies? Let yourself enjoy this summer without a runny nose & itchy eyes through ACUPUNCTURE!"
"so im in need of your gnarly advice still please help me!"
"Happy new year!"
"We are so excited about our new office in #RVA!! Looking forward to good times with our suite mates #SassyShoeGallery & #RichmondBlack.com!"
"Sprained ankle... :("
"tell joe ill be late. Please :/ I lost the paper w his number"
"RT this if you think we should do Restaurant Week!!"
"see you at the station tonight at 10 pm."
"‎\"Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.\" -Malcolm S. Forbes"
"in the house! Thanks for following! Check us out for Gi's, rashguards & bjj accesories!"
"The Coral's \"In the Morning\" gets stuck in my head everyday around this time. Don't know why that is."
"El Bulli, 'world's best restaurant' serves its final 49-course supper. Tried for 2yrs to get reso.Never got 1 Congrats to the El Bulli team!"
"Lot of mullets on the ice at this NHL skills challenge."
"Honestly , I bet a bunch of people would want to buy 's braces from eBay. lol"
"what ya Coming to NJ or by for=)"
"\"...I have been too long in the crowd, too long in the forest.\" - Martin Luther King"
"I'm gonna be scalping for a tix to Game 6 if they win. I live 10 mins away from the Pepsi Center. Far from over tho."
"personally I'm dying for the Big Time Rush show. I bet there's gonna be a lot of creepy old guys with mustaches."
"Just gave in... hello Twitter world"
"Aww man more sex tapes lol\": Kim Kardashian is kleaning the skeletons out of her kloset!\""
"prom. graduation. graduation party. . . all that means to me is how much money I have to spend lol"
"hey :) how are you and the lovely lady doing?"
"Now that would be kind of cool."
"Norm still has a massive man-crush"
"love that song!"
"“: Heading to with for four days of sun, sand, and outdoor brick-oven pizza” back and tanner.."
"I got and on my fantasy squad."
"I would not take the job as CEO of Yahoo! even if they paid me trillions of dollars and gave me unicorns. The humiliation alone is scary."
"Hm...we don't know. Half a bottle left and have leftover champagne so we will have to think about it. Good problem tho."
"ha! that's about what I was thinking ;)"
"Can yall believe who da lakers gettin #not a fan #lets go CELTICS AND #lets go HEAT"
"You have no idea how happy that makes me! Talk about some positive reinforcement today with ! :)"
"zee hunger games???:)"
"tnx for the follow. Do you offer any programming classes in Huttese?"
"What me Erica and Brad just told that teacher...>>>"
"How is everyone's #SXSW going?"
"Do superheroes count? Or partners, like Holmes and Watson?"
"your location still says Canada"
"God always comes through & encourages us just when we need it! Surround yourself w people who lift u up & Gods light will shine through!"
"\"I'm out in left field, I'm speaking mentally but that's a better place than where them benches be\""
"Good Morning Beauties... productivity is the name of todays game..."
"can't wait to see"
"Whatever you've been told, you're worth more than gold!"
"Another great haircut experience at local #Austin owned - Thanks! Wouldn't go anywhere else!"
"Oh it is on… like Donkey Kong!"
"Our's is about the best there is..."
"RT if you tired like me"
"Children in female-headed families are also disadvantaged because they are less likely to have highly involved fathers"
"Our Volunteer Guild is the best! Thank you, ladies for bringing some unexpected holiday \"cheer\" to our staff this afternoon!"
"Do you know how fast your company can grow w/o outside capital? It's not rocket science. It's basic math."
"Gov. Scott Walker's new jobs numbers show 57,000 swing in job creation last year, going from negative to positive."
"I am the number one cook for kfc...i am the best and fastest cook..i do my job very well....."
"Thank you for your wonderful advice!"
"God is so great."
"for a single black?wtf?? That's insane yeah I'm good at that point"
"Safe travels !"
"Q4. Twitter friend that lives farthest away from you"
"Did your last post stick you with the job of evaluating every postdoc announcement? I thought being Gender Lady was enough work."
"I think I get my RDA of political nonsense from a half-hour of fast forward commercials during Jeopardy."
"Anyone know of great #3D #printing #vendors for events? Hit me up!"
"Love it! Piñatas do liven up any event."
"Pippa has nothing on J Lo"
"thank you sweet heart!"
"Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. ~Robert Breault"
"it's next weekend 519"
"lol mane chk craigslist...aint much i can do 6 hours away but ebay lol"
"At work free pool night!!! Slicks on montrose"
"i was there from 1 to 4"
"I could have gone out but I stayed home and studied i'm proud of myself"
": Disappointed covering WHCD instead of replaying prepared testimony on \"The Future of Manure\" to ag subcommittee.” That's Shitty"
"Yes! Yes! Yes!"
"Just finished a nice work out .... Feeling super pumped now off to get my princess ready for school !!"
"Matthew Sag from Loyola Chicago Law. Digitization to build stuff & analyze of text. Orphan status not of primary interest"
"Capital Bikeshare near my home and office + Pennsylvania Ave center bike lanes = new method for daily commute."
"let me guess you got Floyd?"
"I am at the gym."
"Been stuck in Kentucky for 3 hours.. fml!!!!"
"Super excited to try out tonight! Any recommendations on what to order?"
"Do not be timid? What if you do fail, and get rolled in the dirt. Up again, you shall never be so afraid of a tumble. --Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Happy Monday! xoxo"
"with willow bark extract wich is a natural beta hydroxy acid ."
"\": \"Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.\" - Jim Rohn\" I'm becoming a quote-whore!"
"Psyched for the \"How to Win Friends and Influence People in the Digital Age\" workshop this afternoon! Carnegie's principles still apply."
"For a brunch to fall into the category of Epic Brunch, it requires at least 5 hours, 3 rounds of pancakes, 2 pitchers of Bloody Mary."
"i love you too baby ; i know i feel like it was forever since we seen each other thats not good; it needs to be constant"
"I know and its horrible"
"Np. Just have students dominate finals first."
"I'm the secret inside that you're keepin"
"Love is like war: Easy to begin but hard to end."
"Sklar: we should listen to discourse of shared respon in progressive era to give us lang to use today."
"Still in Cali this morning chilling with my uncle drinkin coffee getting ready to head back to that Az heat. Harley ready to roll."
"cranking this week.... cranking"
"you know you've been on Facebook too much when you want to \"like\" an e-mail"
"thanks for the follow! Let me know if you need anything mattress or furniture related???"
"my teacher is dumb as shit"
"#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk...DANCE with any and everybody ^_^"
"And that familiar feeling off being numb creeps on in"
"Fast company article Facebook. Let's you tag companies in photos"
"That moment when he calls you adorable<3"
"m chantrel mushroom bisque. i'll be going on a run tonight..."
"Appreciate that, Scott!"
"seriously, hi, after all I typed, you say HI! lol jk! I see you like Prodigy! XD I like Ray Ray and Roc!"
"Last Thanksgiving, no one outside the band and our close friends even knew who we were."
"It's just minutes and highways..."
"how does the database change memory?"
"We're in VA Beach for a wedding this weekend. Also, I'm thinking of going to closing night for my b-day."
"We are out on Long Island."
"1st day of the week feeling 100%. It's a good thing I'm only in the office for half the day. :-)"
"I’m alone. I just made a weird face for no reason because I thought it would amuse me. Now I feel more alone. I’m kind of disgusted with me."
"Been on a Crochet marathon today."
"oh spicy v8 juice, lemon and lime"
"You need a graduate degree from Zombie Hut."
"If your paper's certified, you know the new fibers in it are from forests responsibly managed. #sandiego SOS Printing is FSC certified"
"No Prob! You guys were swamped! Email me your resume scherry [at] mindgrub"
"Love it! RT : Liberia store in #manassasva today! Today's nature science class is powered by Dunkin ;) 2 2 milk!!"
"Finally cured my month long sushi craving for sushi today at lunch. So good."
"stay online so we can chat kinda"
"Private beach in Truro, on the Cape."
"well yeah you can't just mingle with ANYBODY haha"
"Word. RT : If you haven't read The Magicians and The Magician King yet you're really missing out. Read them or die."
"I love you Jess. You're amazing. I wish i could talk, hug, kiss, and smile at you everyday, all the time. I feel really bad."
"I'll be there! RT : The #HungerGames opens in theaters tonight! Get the inside scoop on the film with our exclusive cast..."
"I have a lot of time in my hands today. stupid stuff"
"By my count, there are only 3 venues/events in SF using the name \"Dark Room.\" Let's get to work and double that number, folks!"
"How embarrassing it is to have the stupidest person EVER to serve as a politician in DC as our vice president. Yeah Joe Bite me..you, fool!"
"PGA at Torrey Pines! Saw Bill Walton - never misses a san diego sporting event!"
"lol what u gonna do about is son"
"At least your day can only get better!!"
"please support and follow"
"pretty please open a milkshake city in australia?! my parents won't bring me to england for a 1D shake!"
"IPod > phone any day!!"
"I want a set of lockers SO badly."
"These refs blow call it both ways"
"Hey how you been?"
"Hacked Ozymandias' Twitter account. The password was \"RAMESESII\""
"jeter is the captain of the \"evil empire\". Perfect music. Let's just hope he doesnt land on the dl with a severed hand."
"Thank you Mike!"
"I kinda miss Bartending, I had some interesting customers!!!!"
"Not that I doubt Bauerlein's estimate!"
"how much on your side of town boost"
"DO WE CALL YOUR CELL OR SKYPE #? :) RT : If you wanna skype then call me! I'm on my phone and my camera doesn't work though:("
"Sorry I scared you;)"
"follow back :)"
"i ran 3 miles today. it sucked! - eugene"
"Things that need to stop....bullying"
"no Im alive. Ill be done Babysitting around nine. Maybe ill give you a call"
"I thought it was interesting, if only because it shows the shrewd political side of Alicia that we don't get as much."
"frustrated with this companies efficiency and custom service..."
"I listen to you two on my run...you're awesome! Thanks for giving me miles of entertainment."
"and our food safety bill is still languishing in senate"
"Social Media Promotional Sale :: ALL THIS WEEK :: [[ all monthly packages only $50 ]] Email Us For Details ::"
"lucky u. plz tell jack that he needs to make more wimpy boy band videos. :)"
"One burb. Drivers seem to hate and ignore bikers. May be a commuting thing, too."
"hey Nat ! Why doesn't Gismo have his twitter page anymore ?"
"Buenos Dias ! Un bañito y pa la street ! :-)"
"Looks interesting. You'll have to tell me about the benefits sometime."
"is on the boards 2nite at with some of the best vocalist i have heard, im eager to see what this will sound like"
"I gotta get cardio theater at my crib"
"I need a budweiser"
"Yeah, and here I am. With nieces and nephews older than me. We're more like siblings though."
"Wow, such a powerful voice."
"You have to check out by 11am or else it charges you for the next day."
"u uggs man"
"& one has to wonder why voter turnout is always a challenge, right? #TooManyElectionDays???"
"YES<3 follow back? (:"
"People love to come around when they need something...Bitch, where was you when I needed something?!?!"
"Does ADHD change with age? Do kids ever outgrow it?"
"Thanks for the invite. Just got back from the river."
"So Cal peeps is in town this week! Long Beach Terrace Theatre on May 5th"
"A leopard CANNOT change its spots."
"you can always in demand Nurse Jackie after the game."
"aw but I like the gay you lol"
"This girl...this fucking girl..."
"Love This Place! ..\": Soups for Tuesday, March 13th: Beef Barley, Chicken Dumpling and ' Creamy Tomato Vegetable\""
"Merry Christmas to all!"
"The room is ready...we hope YOU are ready for some fun tonight"
"G. Bateson and C. Levi-Strauss grokked info theory and cybernetics early on. Good sources for crit in context of digital remediation."
"I won't miss all the games he should have won but didn't! Life isn't \"all about the money\" as he was quoted"
"I feel like flying far from here."
"Omg the ride stopped half way through. Wonder how long we'll be stuck on it hahaha my butt hurts"
"man, I need stuff to come in the mail."
"Put me in the studio as ur singer while u rap and i bet we make a hit # im just that good <3"
"RT : It is going to be an AWESOME day! Say it outloud!! Again!!! Repeat until you believe it, because it is true."
"LoL,, This---->RT : Next up for : providing with a proctology exam."
"Joe Griffin offers complete Net Marketing including SEO, Guaranteed First Page Placement, Link Building, and Social Media set up."
"Punishable by prison? Please? RT : Can we have a rule that you can't play a tambourine with the national anthem?"
"idk :/ I guess it's their personality or they have some mental disorder :P"
"Fuggit. Toast to your problems and smoke to their solutions. Happy Fridaays...."
"Tomorrow @ 6pm Bounce TV, ch. 115, Cox New Orleans, will start a Soul Train marathon honoring Don Cornelius, beginning w/1st show."
"Joined the gym today!!! This is my year to get in top shape...threw out junk food too!!!"
"Great to see Ralph Kiner read the #Mets lineup. Somewhere, Lindsay Nelson and Bob Murphy are smiling."
"Where in LA is your dad?"
"Did you go to Cornel West? I was sick. :("
"please no more shoes lol “: Well I've always fantasized about shopping spree. now that I'm getting one idk what the eff to get!!”"
"Getting ready for tomorrow's big public workshop in London with our good friends &"
"I think the folks at the National Federation of the Blind have some powerful vision for people who call themselves blind. Thanks NFB!"
"I may not be the hottest or prettiest girl out there but trust me, if you give me a chance, I will love you like no one else could ♥"
"Today I learned that people in Milwaukee walking down Brady Street sometimes emulate the haircut of Skrillex."
"I think so. I was wondering why they offered a regular shuttle to Sycuan when I signed the lease."
"hey maybe if you asked like 4 hours ago I woulda been down"
"Superintendent: Had a community conversation over last 18 months about what 21st cent. skills students should have-started at board"
"toe rings? of course! especially a matching set :)"
"How'd u guess ;)"
"Ommg!!! I'm going there later(:"
"Giving away some #TallyCardz tomorrow. Should I give away 25 or 50?"
"you made a good choice by going to Screen on the Green!"
"I'm flattered! It's just a way to ward off boredom. \": your road trip live tweeting is nothing short of inspired, my friend.\""
"Landing in Vegas just in time to miss the #Pacquiao fight. Uncool"
"Shawty got potential I could be a sponsor"
"Nice work."
"Main takeaways from day 1 at #foss4gna for those tracking the event online?"
"1.4 Million SDG&E customers without power. Isn't that all of them?"
"yes, need to because this is the blue print of how they will do to us."
"much love"
"Only good things I hope. Haha! Miss you so much too! I think the West Coast is calling my name again. ;)"
"BTW, that's awesome you get to teach a Global HST through Games class."
"I have a friend who's started a glee club, they might be down. can you email me at ?"
"My grandmother is a damn comedian...lmao up in here!"
"I think about you 24/7"
"Missing my boo already 😥"
"Guess Who's Cummings To Dinner"
"That's a great idea! Lets pick some dates that would work. Maybe a goat or lamb dinner?"
"whoa Micheal Jackson is dead...!"
"Is Chris Broussard turning white?"
"night night cuz"
"When you want them, they don't want you. When they want you, you don't want them. When you both want each other, something screws it up."
"love that this was the trip??"
"what if u only like like one kid? Lol"
"good morning everyone"
"Here's a thought, what if each of us pick the 5 closest military bases to where we live, and post a message on their facebook wall to vote?"
"I do like it when it rains"
"lmao you go girl! Safe travels"
"What does the red button do? he asked as he push---"
"that sucks :/ are there more dances you can go to or is this the last one?"
"Love the haters, hate the faggots"
"Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale has officially been added to my list of holiday must watch movies.. Yes that list is messed up, but I love it"
"tor's dropping of drm got an applause from #dplawest #dpla audience"
"Waiting at school fucken sucks"
"wish you could be there, too! i have a feeling florian will be back. hopefully, we'll get good recordings. :)"
"I am eating everything yummy made by Hostess. Oh yeah baby. Bring dem twinkie ova hur"
"going to the game tomorrow??"
"--- ewwwwwwwwwwwww stop it!!!!!"
"Quack Stew... sounds good."
"I been using the green deep facial cleanser one for bout 2mths and I like it."
"I did, seconds after. Thanks. It doesn't help that the \"September 13\" was in 3 point font."
"Sounds good. :) RT : Late night Pilsner w/ at Five Napkin Burger after seeing & Pops."
"Happy Birthday Torrey! Hope its a good one!"
"Wow Mom Wow -.-"
"on another note, I'm really digging fun.'s cd"
"Thanks, following you too! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast!"
"Not really feeling this Chobani Strawberry Banana yogurt. Going to continue to stick with Yoplait!!!"
"RT A9. Feeling like someone from Mad Men drinking by yourself at lunch."
"Hanging with my bff Shes crazy!"
"At the Tower ready to see #Gotye- love this venue! I saw Lenny kravitz, Blind Melon, Jesus Jones & Stereo MCs here back in the 90s."
"yes, im of the belief that medicine is often a less optimal way to nullify symptoms than attacking the root cause would be"
"3 Social Media Lessons for Global Marketers"
"on pandora ❤!"
"shes a gorg dancer. I loved her \"Cry\" dance the best!"
"Hot, scruffy janitor is next step down. Followed by hot, scruffy homeless person. There are surely steps below that."
"tried it, loved it. :)"
"where did you first hear broken girl?"
"Time to get back on track..."
"seriously my roomies locked the bathroom and nobody is in the bathroom... are you really that fucking stupid.. i will piss in your kitchen"
"Nice! All the way till the last week of the year! RT : booking talent on the 21st of December. Woo Hoo!"
"UNC does not deserve a number 1 seed, so I hope they don't get one."
"I wonder if know what a big claim \"California's hottest DJ\" is?"
"Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together."
"This!!! RT I admire my willpower for not killing anyone yet. And I don't just mean tonight, in general."
"we've got the secret to driving more traffic to your FB and TW pages! email me at"
"Lol. Smh. The Lakers been loosing from the jump"
"what time will it land?"
"you are now a married man kbye"
"Choppin it up wit real ass peoples"
"I have 15th Birthday Day :*"
"Thanks for the follow Fabian! Amigo!"
"I wish there was a way the Pacers could land Rondo... they could use a 10 10 and 20 night from their point guard."
"can anyone explain to me the love affair austinites have with the leaf blower?"
"Restaurant week is today through Feb 10..maybe we could do something for that? Thoughts?"
"no, don't worry it's not only you! x"
"The values of the religious right aren't held by most Americans -- Sean Faircloth"
"is Amazing!!!"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"Sitting here debating on these 12'z"
"ughh i hate having subs that all they do is talk and talk and follow every little rule"
"I fear the smartz would overwhelm me."
"Erick opens the door to understanding cubans movements and rhythms and challenges you to the next level to find your own expression."
"not sure about super powers, but if you put your sack in there it will grow expontially."
"Let's be fair...EVERYONE knew that the team to beat in the west was OKC...it's the only team in the west that can actually play the lakers"
"ShoutOut To Go Follow Her She Gives ShoutOuts Nd Mentions So Go Follow Her If zyu Want To Increase Your Followers P.s Me Back"
"Its okay:) Lol i just felt like sharing that:PP && i miss you!"
"what are you talking about"
"!!! my ideal comfort food. did he slow-simmer beef trimmings? i'm about to attempt sichuan eggplant for the first time..."
"Hm will tonight change my life?"
"I will have a 5 dollar shake!"
"Str8 Like that!!!!"
"Found in Reference Universe: “Early Girl Scout Recipe” in The American History Cookbook"
"Well i just realized i made the Deans list : )"
"I figured out that some Craigslist rental listing are scams! I'm like Nancy Drew and Encyclopedia Brown's genius baby."
"your really pretty #justsayin :)"
"ugh idk how to work this :/ i feel dumb...."
"Thanks for hosting! We decided to apply for a job there! Show is Wed 7:30 on Sat on I'll let you know the times."
"International students, i may not know a lot of French, know enough to understand what your saying about me. Your mother would be ashamed."
"i roll on doobie brother albums"
"Breaking News from #Syria: #Assad forces have begun shelling the town of"
"Too many drunk people in one place"
"Why should we?"
"I think its too early for thoughts like these >.<"
"Please don't use the refs as ANY justification to that performance"
"ERGObaby acquires Orbit Baby - | Kids Today"
"I'm sleepy but can't sleep... Nothin new"
"i bet her yorkie & your doxel would be great playbuds :-)"
"And after a while you convince yourself and then right again the hm kicks in. Maybe pops up. Back to square one."
"the accidental touchdown?"
"Landed in the warmth, home sweet home! (For a couple days)."
"Love all the support!! :) RT : you ladies are the"
"Truly a great day 2day at GAIN HQ - we announced 3.0, and had some breakthrough clarity on our future model. It's going to be awesome."
"everybody up in my room an shit"
"My children are starting a band in the bedroom, with Rubbermaid containers, a mini trash can and some pencils...God help me!"
"you wanna be a painkiller not a vitamin"
"I stayed up for *that*?!?!? What a disappointing finish after that great first quarter for the"
"Wait I have it! Sorry it's just that there are a lot of entries to keep track I want to make sure everyone has participated"
"Hang with me and I'll get you shot with my big tongue"
"GRAMMY's!!!!! 2 of my favs already performed tonight! yay!"
"Actually, very good. :P"
"The #Celtics are about to give me a stroke. How on Earth is this game tied?"
"No doubt about it."
"Thanks for the shout out!"
"Any early impressions on how well Watchdoc works?"
"The educational careers of 25 to 40 percent of American children are imperiled because they don't read well enough."
"Commenting on a picture I posted last year?"
"is making the end of our day AWESOME! Thanks for the tunes fellas!"
"Little Rock Central High offers eight world languages!"
"Need More Followers To Reach 1,000 Please Follow"
"I made it out. Thx for all the calls and text. My Hawaiian outfit will now be rockin."
"For a moment, I was thinking about taking up MMA fighting. Then I remembered that I have a strong dislike for getting punched in the face"
"We are planning our June tour through the Southwest.... where should we play?"
"#caa2012 How are we going to find a direct democracy in academic publishing? It exists already + we need it."
"Lol when the pirates score 2 or more runs they are 13-5. That's laughable."
"Briana doesn't need to accept Brooks. She sees how u bounce from relationship to relationship. Get over it, loony"
"Excited about 2012! New products & strategies for garage bands & independent artists. 20 years in the biz & still loving it!"
"i than start screaming at him my parents wondered what's with the screaming than today i'm banned from ask.fm website"
"If you get a response shoot me a tweet. Happy to mosey over & attack them for you. Just being neighborly."
"Starting a rainy Saturday with delicious , a subscription-based coffee service, after learning about it with"
"Its not all its cracked up to be..."
": Does anyone else feel like they're ordering a sandwich when saying #LGBT or is it just me?"
"Financial health and living by skillful means can only be achieved if you know what you earn, what you spend, and where it goes."
"Thanks for retweeting the correct spelling of our name. \"Dzian\" is lost on most people, including native Chinese speakers."
"Roses are red, violets are blue, trash is dumped, and so are you."
"My second thought. I'm going to wait until after next weekend at the Vype Tourny. Every1 is not featured in that game."
"Wish I was sharing in this experience with that special someone."
"gwen i'm not drawing chuck for you until you SEND ME THAT PICTURE OF WINKING TOM"
"Need more followers!!!!"
"RT : Flyers are getting beat to every puck. They're just .... losing. Everything."
"we gonna work these inches off!"
"Nothing is perfect."
"Breakfast of champions"
"wow that's amazing. I'm going to be working her on my iPod all day tomorrow."
"Pat Summitt, no doubt #smsportschat Also, Brittney Griner and that LARGE right hook"
"Due to the NBA lockout, wife was forced to spend actual time with Kobe Bryant. Divorce pending"
"Leaving the practice arena, heading to bed. Been a long but awesome day. Love you all"
"Give your agent a hard time and you'll be looking for a new #agent in NO TIME..."
"Please don't let your pencil-jealousy cripple you--entirely. We promise to take lots of pencil-pictures."
"don't ! Just see account and follow first. Keyword is out and a gift card is waiting!"
"Thanks!! I will I put votes I put my vote for in Today. And your last tweet! XD We rule!!"
"you bet. we think you're awesome."
"RT : DGA says they've put another $700,000 behind Wisconsin recall ad // DGA has less $ than RGA, will they have any for #NCGOV?"
"#Dallas always coming from behind. #Heat always about to blow it."
"Singers that compose new songs from their hearts that are used to change our lives"
"Congrats to all my friends and family at HSBC in Salinas, California on your new journey as Capital One employees!"
"So im driving on Mt.Moriah passing a daycare & notice there's a baby boy, outside by himself playing. No adults around, no kids around."
"hey man! I'm looking to submit some tracks to your artist(s). what's a good contact # and email? Thx"
"NO! You get completely different gifts. For the love of god, woman, this is your shot to drain your loved ones dry. Take it."
"they locked us out, chilling in the room, you here?"
"i know but that's a few out of like fifty. lmao."
"The Avengers was really funny.."
"Thank you for your very gracious comments, Bobbin!"
"I enjoy that you just used the term \"bakery associate\""
"RT : Can anybody explain to me why Javy Guerra and Kenley Jansen don't switch roles? No, they can't."
"Christmas is ten days away. :o"
"Thanks for noticing and thanks for watching"
"<<Follow the new page>>"
"writers block ugh!"
"NF follow back."
"We work with our clients to create cultures of collaboration and personal commitment"
"I'm ok, Joe, just going through a rough spot. Hope you're living the VC dream still! ;)"
"#LockedUpLovers let's hear it!"
"Shot footage for a fun viral video tutorial this weekend. Should have it up tonight or tomorrow."
"I didn't even notice you had a new Twitter picture. Cutie!"
"niall has a tattoo :D"
"Miami sites you don't see in DC: old man pushing grocery cart of coconuts down the street with a machete hanging from the cart."
"that's wats up"
"Right now my life is in the very awkward place known as flip flop/ Ugg limbo."
"\"you can't see the #forest for the #trees\""
"I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU WITHOUT BRACES ((:"
"Flyers West part"
"#ff my cute dork of a husband ♥"
"#FF to Chestnut Hillbillies - thx 4 coming out - any good Drawl pix/flix from last night?"
"Sorry For Your Lose, She's In A Better Place Now :) Stay GRAND/ICONic <3"
"The accent and bubbliness in person made a better impression than just a voice in a sad song. I wonder if shes sad now."
"My 26,000 tweet goes to all my family and friends and # castle fam too hope everybody enjoying their summer thanks for entertaining me xoxo"
"Damn, He Stood Me Up. I Feel Unwanted =("
"This $16.50 gin & tonic needs its own Twitter account."
"I get mixed up with"
"RT : If you want to expand the library, build on its holdings, not just the building."
"Yep, nice to know your efforts are appreciated!"
"News just in: HHC has won IKEA Life Improvement Project and $10K of IKEA furniture 4 our Playspaces! Thx all who texted & huge thx 2 IKEA!"
"Basketball game at 2 then with family all day after"
"Ah getting closer to game time :D"
"me too...Quinn is a legend."
"Eric took some cool vid's of some Flamenco dancers at work last night... Can u post them? I would luv to. Retweet it"
"great tweet!"
"If I woulda gone home none of this woulda happened."
"First day of oscon. Two excellent sessions. One on Android development and another for using improv to build teams. And several good convos!"
"have a great day Jentifa"
"ta. I can't take any credit for him or the box...it was beyond my control. But he didn't seem to mind."
"Mary-Catherine Morning is my best friend in the entire world and I love her so much."
"hahaha RT : My first memory was 9 months before I was born. I went to this crazy party with dad and left with mom"
"Cantor: House staying in session thru wknd if needed to pass FY11 funding. Hoyer: Give us a clean 1-week CR 2 avoid shtdwn. Cantor: No."
"lol I did to hey can u go follow my group twitter n be a fan of use.... please"
"“ MVP rankings: LeBron, Durant, Rose, Kobe, CP3, Tony Parker, & Iguodala. Who gets YOUR vote?\" or"
"Grillin some steak & planning a trip..."
"umm well let me know what u got planned. I have to get ya messed up at least 1 night.. 🎂🍸🍸👍😜"
"one ethical issue can tarnish your credibility for a long time. Not worth the hefty PR bill. Do it right the first time."
"We're at the mid week checkpoint, how's your week going so far?"
"omg. One of the best things ... ever. Now I'm starving, bachelor life, no food in the house!"
"Cuz, why are your tweets blocked!!! I have to copy and paste this!!! LOL"
"You fall asleep during foreplay."
"good questions and comments tonight...it's past my bedtime!"
"Daily reminder: \"arguing with a stupid person is like wrestling with a pig. All you get is dirty, and the pig likes it.\""
"good seeing you yesterday! dont forget to get ahold of me (:"
"Will you be at the game in San Diego today for Opening Day?"
"You know what grinds my gears when someone uses my comb but dont take the hair off the damn comb (-_-)...Nasty!"
"MY MAN!!!!!!!! what kind of beers you want tonite, ill pick em up"
"Thanks for the recent follows! , , , , ,"
"where u going out at?"
"On this #DreamChaser shit niggas got to get it !!!!"
"Cannabis Sativa is a cure....Not a drug....Get wit the program Ppl...."
"good thing we are renting a car and driving to madison on Saturday"
"thanks for the follow!"
"I love Anderson coopers ridiculist ."
"The purpose of Walker's millions in wall-to-wall ads isn't to change minds, it's to get his opponents to panic or despair. Don't."
"VIDEO FOR AUSTIN!! Send me a pic of you holding a paper that say 'I love Austin' or 'Mahomies love you' or something like that (:"
"We love you too! RT : You love that place almost as much as you love"
"OK let's move on shall we!"
"Well, I didn't hate the midterm I took tonight. Its only been 19 years since the last one."
"I hate coming to the Asian market it be weird because were the only black people here and I swear they be staring at us lol"
"why are the people at NA so........ weird ? u guys know what I'm talking about"
"Loving my new guitar. Pics soon hopefully"
"THank you Dan!"
"NEH offers Owensboro Community and Tech College $200K challenge grant for humanities programs."
"Fun thing to do on May the Fourth: piss off shorts guys by asking them: 'aren't you a little short for a storm trooper?'"
"Prepping for Shirim radio show tonight - catch me on the air streaming live www.wcuw.org 8-10pm eastern!"
"Great to see former Hill Hi Spartan Colt Lyerla get his first Ducks TD. We know that kid can make a big play! 34-0 all Oregon"
"You can't drive a car looking backwards so why not start living for what's ahead and move forward? Keep smiling."
"So I'm driving in bkfld, tornado is here, no siren that tells me to take cover, I have to find a bkfld cell user?"
"Heading out tomorrow for the Magnet golf outing at The Oaks. Should be a good time and looking forward to meeting some new people."
"I just wanna go home"
"I would of enjoyed that story better it it would of mauled him to death."
"LOL WHO ARE YOU?"
"Day #2 - Prom dress shopping. Crazy stuff."
"Did he say 'hope we sell out Pauley'? Don't they only seat like 7OOO?"
"RT MT \"United Way has always defined itself by $ raised. Let's start to define now by how great our impact is\" - Nat CEO"
"Awesome, I hope everyone enjoyed!"
"I love warm tea <3"
"oh I don't doubt that its true but there are 2 sides to any situation. I want answers not hype"
"sad. :( He did really well in reserves, I thought!"
"ill try, thank you so much"
"Submarine. Bob's Burgers. Uncle Boonmee..."
"What the hell #Packers????"
"You not all that just cause yo ass fat :/"
"There are some really, really dumb commercials out there."
"Lmaooo RT : Why do you guys hate the Lakers? Are they to blame for most of you having deadbeat fathers?"
"#powernap good night"
"Great class! Hey Actors, only 1 spot left in the may class commercial class. Call 323-651-0888 for more info and to sign up."
"I'm ready for \"miserable weather\", if that means steady, gentle, cool rain and clouds SE of Chicago RT Miserable weather outside."
"RT if you are joining us today at 7pm for our FREE Commercial Class with Ben Toplin."
"follow me and upon opening experience great espresso"
"putting this baby to bed - more tomorrow...."
"I love you sexy"
"OMFG CESAR GOT HIS HAIR CUT! HE'S...BALD!"
"you are a beast! #Patriots #nflplayoffs Go Patriots"
"Working on solutions & resources 4my son with Sensory Intergration Disorder or Syndrome, belonging 2the Spectrum of Autism. Any thoughts?"
"Community managers are typically young but it is important that they have the confidence to speak to the c suite"
"Lmao Maaaannn Nahh None Of That. If iSee You Tomorrow You Gonna Say It! 🔫🔫"
"No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive."
"Happy 12:32 am!!! I'm not sleepy but I don't feel like doing anything either ♥"
"Thanks, thats good advice"
"Color correction is looking good for ! Heading into the home stretch of post!"
"Congratulations! RT : Just arrived...my Beta Phi Mu bookmark!"
"Season 3 of Burn Notice is not ordered correctly on streaming service. Any chance you can looksie?"
"My wife is leaving for a business trip on Sunday. She has, coincidentally, increased our renters' insurance."
"can't wait to get this weekend over with"
"Great hike today with Reading up on the paleo diet tonight. Need to be more informed"
"hahah straight up. I was just rapping Ain't No Fun by Snoopy. <3"
"If you a grown man that can't take a joke <<<"
"Aeeeww no thank you :) really I appreciate you as a friend !!!! Muahszzz"
"hoping the same in North Central!"
"Fantasy Factory looks so much fun."
"anderson went to Cal-too easy! Lol"
"I do too, and I said i'm suprised you don't like Princeton because almost EVERYBODY I know likes him, but everybody's dfrnt"
"i really need to get out of this house!!"
"good to know.."
"Questions about President Kerwin's Campus Plan e-mail? Ask us! Administration and Local News Editor is our Campus Plan wonk."
"Make it obvious. I'm clueless otherwise."
"thank you, Erin!!! We are so excited!"
"RT : IWM successfully changed their organisation from being \"risk adverse\" to \"risk aware\"."
"IT'S ALL GOOD! IT'S MY SWAG ANYWAYS LOL"
"Mexico in pink"
"Facebook bought Instagram. Good thing I didn't jump on that hype wagon lol"
"Nol I'm up for today, what yall got up for today?"
"not my fault !"
"Family Guy with the Nazi soldier >>>"
"What do you think of titling chapters, yay or nay? :)"
"#mitt2012 #p2 Thanks for the fiscal #FACTS (not opinions)!"
"Sun coming up over Waco. It could be prettier. Been up for 24 hrs. Still rockin."
"Once the playoffs started, every girl started acting like they watched basketball O_o<<<<"
"Supreme Court building repair about to begin"
"I hate being lonely :/"
"Haha. Thanks. I hit the unfollow button by mistake. So it will show me recently following you again."
"If you are looking to go to another in your prayer life than come tonight to Citadel Church 7PM, teaching on \"Prayer that produces\""
"for #200 follow my sister :-)"
"Defly out here tomar I cant take it"
"I should've made chocolate chip cookies today! :o"
"RT : If my eyes ain't see it then my mouth won't say shit about it...."
"Humber's perfect game is No. 21 in history. There have been 4 HRs in a game 15 times, 13 natural cycles & 11 MLB Triple Crown campaigns."
"Think I'm gonna actually watch NASCAR this year. With all the new changes on the cars the shits actually a race now."
"Lol so according to this guy I'm the fakest and my pussy is a lie. Lmaoo why cuz u never got any?? #whyyoumadtho?"
"Of course I did! #kidatheart :)"
"what's your thoughts on Pacman and Mayweather not fighting?"
"Check now!"
"Please, do help me peer-pressure the brilliant Need her there :)"
"but i mean if i have an 85 in there now maybe i wont fail ya never know omg who am i kidding im gonna fAIL"
"Happy International Dance Day! Last chance to buy our 4 for $40 adult drop-in deal."
"well get ready to cough up Dat extra key ;-)"
"be careful!"
"Thank you for the #FF. Let us know if you have any questions."
"Shoutt out to the best looking and funniest guy on the planet !!! (: Hoping to get one back"
"yes, we need to catch up. Heres to my legs not failing me. Im hookin up tunes to this bike for motivation"
"Filmmakers should be working on getting in their films to us by Sept. 1st and make the early subm. deadline! ww.ourcityfilmfestival.com"
"ohh good luck buddy nd why dont u wanna do the video its gonna be fun"
"don't kill any squirrels Wallace :)"
"Leave for #Aruba in less than 10 hours!"
"#instantClassic RT : Jessica Simpson has already taught her daughter everything she knows."
"#KONY2012 - He recruited kids to kill other kids in public. #HORNY2012 - He killed his own invisible children in public"
"I will after my current session lol"
"Boy, I sure hope so."
"Napoleon Bonaparte No man can stand on top because he is put there"
"I wanna go back to sleep so bad"
"I'll definitely be watching!"
"looking forward to that newberry interface. What a great service."
"I honestly thought Hollie was going home tonight. I was so shocked when Ryan said it was Skylar."
"Happy Easter , , Good Luck Today!! Take the Series!!"
"diss is a form of advertisement...lol"
"This guy is DONE.... let the celebrations begin tonight!!!"
"if I could spell, I could swear more effectively!"
"I need to go to new orleans"
"Did not think I'd see and in the same place. Perhaps thanks to the bros? Word."
"well then CongratsX2 . Welcome to motherhood. Your life will never be the same :)"
"please tweet us Rena and Gabby ur american fans :) nyc! We love one d <3"
"<---- Birthday in 8 Days #May22nd ----> but my party is this weekend get at me for details."
"Looking for a good app to integrate web form data into Salesforce. Any recommendations?"
"Did you rage in the Sahara tent?"
"in your article about the womens soccer team its Abby Wambach...."
"your tweets... they're like preachings"
"Get Defense bron!!!"
"Np thanks for following back :))"
"A beautiful girl is a beautiful girl, but a beautiful girl with a brain is an absolutely lethal combination :)"
"im so happy i finished that extra credit last night cause im staying for this test & ima need some help. lbs."
"#dolphins looked great today hella game"
"Happy 2012, wealth health and happiness"
"Getting tweets to your phone is #classy (: #ClassyAllis fyi: my name is Alli 2(;"
"How does Words With Friends know that \"zla\" is not a word!"
"tomcat onto of a Java application calling oracle. Looking @ what it can pull from the db - explain plan, was data cached, etc"
"they killed it. Kudos."
"I also knew how good he was."
"I'm just not sure I could bring myself to enjoy that beverage. Yuck."
"We Wish You a Very Happy Easter!"
"Stormie turns 3 tomm. She is such a joy, I am so blessed. I wish that my Dad was still around to see her, maybe he's her guardian angel"
"I actually love Britta. I get her. We are similar in many ways."
"Hating is for the weak, loving is for the strong. It takes more to love someone who did you wrong"
"RT : Hamels had successful surgeries today on elbow and hernia. Expects to resume throwing in 3-4 weeks."
"Don't forget Wednesday Weekday Lunch-time Farmers Market 2/8 11am-2pm. Rain-or-Shine!"
"What time? And do I have that feature?"
"maybe because DC is preparing for my return at the end of the month. :+l"
"It looks like we now have 500+ fans! Thanks again, everyone! Stay tuned for free giveaways~"
"Are you selling?"
"Forgot it was Earth Day til I saw the google doodle this morning. Lovely."
"busy with the kids. Really busy with new clients.Planning to travel for work. Amazed how my destiny is playing out."
"add Denver to the tour!!"
"i can only love you when you undress"
"6mile run, 2 mile swim, and so much jump training you would think I flew... all in a days work"
"I think strategically how each solution fits the whole, but remember when systems weren't, just as often \"learning\" isn't now"
"please. I was literally thinking about it as soon as I left school last night. I am so burnt out #gradschoolproblems!"
"Giancarlo Stanton is good at baseball."
"And there's nothing on 📺 gotta go out tonight👠💄🍸"
"Yes! The Rude Mechanical Orchestra joined us today. Likely more as the weekend progresses."
"have fun! That's what this city is here for!!!"
"follow me please22"
"number of hot dogs I sold>amount you ate times 100"
"Justin will make haters believe !!!!"
"LET'S DO THIS, I have new friends!!"
"Good morning my friends. Hope to see you at the meeting tonight :-)"
"es una cancion! don't invite me to the park anymore it's over!"
"GERRY KEATING AND NEIL KAMMILLER TONIGHT 6:00 WITH YOUR MUSICAL FAVORITES!"
"Remember how we could talk for hours? Now we can barely look at each other."
"I'm listening to talking about bringing young women to feminism."
"The quickest way to loose the battle over some bull, stack being foolishly unreasonable with rage. NspiredBy Proverbs 27: 3"
"Can you DM your email and I'll work with you to get your account set up?"
"LOL. True, true"
"Jonatics Are True Fans"
"that 70's show is too funny!!! those are good too!!! Cartoons are not what they used to be;("
"Q. What do Fred Flintstone and Osama Bin Laden have in common? A. They both look out their caves and see rubble."
"Roundabouts are such a waste of gas!"
"Congrats on the booking, WeWi! Nothing like a little #ActorMuscle session to \"take the room\" + kick ass 2nite at Flappers!"
"my Momis imaging Fu if me"
"what is the plan for tonight?"
"So my shirt glows in the dark guys (x"
"Thank you, have a great weekend."
"Good quote! I couldn't agree more!"
"Thats so sweet. johnna is the best!"
"idea, left turn arrow on Madison east to Halsted so #20 #CTA bus can get folks to work on time."
"through twitter !"
"Committed fully to a Chris Cornell impression. Now my throat hurts. HTF does he do it?"
"yes. 2014 is going to be the greatest."
"Prom Season is approaching...what is your favorite memory from your prom?"
"haha sounds like a good time to me! ;p"
"did so walking and running"
"meeting up for lunch with some lovely ladies and good sewing and quilting friends i haven't seen in ages in Boulder at Brasserie 1010!"
"Don't know about Kim Kardashian but I agree that Bobby V has the potential to make this team dysfunctional fast. We'll see..."
"tomorrows monday D: ugh. whos on spring break, though!? ;D"
"5 hours really wasn't enough."
"AMEN TO THAT ❕❕❕IT'S GONNA BE FINE❕❕SO NO LOBSTER N SHRIMP???"
"Awesome! We'll see ya there. Who are you most excited to hear speak?"
"hahaha what did they say?"
"conf-by-twitter-avalanche isn't the best way to absorb, but still great learning. Tx re URL - little side proj I'm starting on"
"Writing a news release can b like putting all the puzzle pieces together to make the finished product"
"I really wish heartland crossing didn't smell like rotting fish carcass."
"Support Ur Local Indepent Clothing Line My Dude"
"Cool RT : RT : Majorly excited that AP's is Skyping with my convergent writing students Tues. a.m. A celeb! :-)"
"My dad was actually the first to tell me I had a South Carolina hoodie."
"Who would you do: Mary Steenburgen or Mimi Rogers?"
"heck yea! Everyone killed it today! Bringing the energy!"
"Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. ~Pablo Picasso"
"Shut up.."
"I feel like grooving"
"preparing my first live-slide session for tomorrow's #change11 talk: who knew blank slides took more prep? damn pesky questions."
"Running outside in Dallas weather = bad idea."
"RT : Cascio: How can we withstand the unexpected, and thrive? < excellent ability!"
"To my health care followers: Getting creative thinking of ways to improve internal physician communication. Love brainstorming. Thoughts?"
"Thats what I love about Sunday cat nappin on a porch swing, you curled up next to me the smell of jasmine wakes us up"
"sallie came up with a new drink. It's called #TheBitch. There will be one waiting for both of you when you get home."
"is cranking out some tunes for the band"
"yeah sure what do i have to do?"
"if i whisper in ya ear its cuz i want you to hear me... i aint got shit to hide."
"How do we ensure that mental health treatment for minorities is a priority? A healthy community is a safer community."
"“: Coming up on the T-15 count of #TMA04M - should be good times! #Soyuz Go #Expedition31!”rt"
"That's how we ended up with a \"Sebi\" ... Be careful, they stick!"
"The sunrise on my drive on to work is spectacular. Like a \"good morning\" from heaven."
"RT RT : DIGITAL HUMANITIES anagrams to MATH AIN'T LIES. I DIG."
"my boy Todd Frazier deserves this more than anything - don't understand why this has happened twice now - you hit, you play - which he DID"
"The Rod Blagojevich news conference could hardly be more entertaining."
"NEW ON THE SMALL PLATE MENU: Tartare of Slagel Family Farm Beef, Raw Quail Egg, Capers, Pickled Shallot, Rye Toast, Spicy Chili Aioli"
"First show went killer. Hope y'all had as much fun as we did!"
"Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due"
"Haha I was joking. Larish was A 3b phils had last year, prev. w/ Detroit"
"Yes. We need to get together Friday night or I'll miss you completely. Can't have that!!"
"Will ck it out, Thanks"
"There will be none. No cupcake baking pans round these parts apparently."
"I love you you are very very pretty"
"Cheers! And thank you for your support of #pcbw! I love the badge."
"Oohhh a wizard vampire! Perfect combination!! :)"
"DO IT!! we are going to some crazy concert with harrison that matt says is going to be awesome! & YAY email me re dec soon!"
"where yhu go??"
"Nice one. Buddha said it: “Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.”"
"Remarkably bad experience flying Delta this weekend. Luckily there are alternatives."
"amazon, Doesn't like it's customers why is that?"
"How To Prune The Enterprise Link Tree"
"Sorry if we attacked you! No hard feelings cc:"
"nigga breath smell like he just had a social shitdown sammich.lol"
"well, I think so Forsure ha"
"“: All I did was kill a hornet, but to my daughter... I am a Dragon Slayer! #daddymoments” | Aww... LOL!"
"haha that's awesome! Didn't know they even televised such a sport. Which network?"
"Theme Music...everygood hero should have some \"I'm Gonna Get You Sucka\" Lol!"
"New hair color today"
"Blunt+shopping=perfect for this dayy"
"I don't have children, but have been a nanny for several yrs--$15 is WAY too low for tutoring. Given that you're.."
"Will Ferrel hosting SNL last night"
"Pullin for my boy ! Beat these scrubs !!!"
"YES! What did you buy? Do I need to be single white female and go get it tonight?"
"I want to notice me if won't... *sighs* never giving up :)"
"its always up north dudes recording gay shit for worldstar."
". is pretty much the funniest girl on the planet. // The 72% off Crocs sale is still 28% too expensive for me to ever get a pair"
"the weather is stupid here right now!"
"BTW thanks Curtis!!!!!"
"I just scored free coffee from the cute hipster barista at Starbucks."
"All day"
"Is social media still in its infancy or has it entered adolescence? To many businesses, it hasn't even been born...time to give birth!"
"When I was a shawty, I saw a U.F.O. It was shiny, oval, fast & stopped on a dime. I thought about it, maybe it was a being & not a ship."
"Johnson is reading contemporary reviews of Beethoven, Wagner and others. They were brutal! Nice bit of perspective."
"it's done! Processing and uploading will take awhile. It's a different song. There wasn't enough footage for the other one."
"Amazon's never given my dog treats. Not once."
"Anyone an expert in monetary policy??"
"and we Luv you man!"
"yes she is who got Tiffany started."
"Finally found the person who could make it happen. Her name is Lise Harwin and she totally gets it. More to come."
"ha matt mesigue!!"
"he probably just wanted to chill!! Like what's up!!"
"Anyone have the new iPad yet? How's the video quality??"
": thanks for the follow :)"
"YES! fhkjdhslfkjh. I was going to send you a message about you watching it too! we're too similar, this is getting scary. haha"
"Chris Hardwick \"Nerds make the shiny things that distract the mouth breathers.\""
"I just might try to get a job there so I can choose music//make the Common Grounds experience more pleasing for others. SO selfless"
"See. Bulls on a 9-2 run."
"Just took part in the 48 hour film here in Houston. I'm working on several writing projects and getting ready to teach another class."
"Sorry, friend! :( We can get through the day!"
"WORKIN' ON NEW MUSIC!!"
"“: REUNITED & IT FEELS SO GOD! ” Yes! Hahaha"
"AFTERNOON karaoke today debuts at The Wicked Hop at 2pm :-)"
"Nobody fully understands me, I don't even fully understand myself most times"
"I'm just laughing :)"
"how's it going? Thanks for the follow. When are we shooting? ;-)"
"Thanks for the follow Benjamin. Great to be connected."
"Do you agree or disagree? RT : 81% of a company's market value constitutes intangible assets"
"I feel like right now... Let a Mf wake me up... gon catch a street fighter uppercut..."
"yea just sent u a link to it"
"No , but like seriously , I need a new gym partner."
"Working on a special project later this evening. Hoping for the best :) I know is excited...."
"So.. Cant Wait f For Your Punkd' Episode!!.:p"
"How soon till we can use NFC for #augmentedreality and be done with clunky markers?"
"lol sorry was thinking my niece who would fling her dress above her head and say that. U'd think by age 30 she'd stop!"
"unless u need abortion $ or want ur calendar cleared for spring break after an early tourney exit there's no reason 2 play 4 rp"
"Container Store, I love you. My wallet, on the other hand, does not."
"Do you know what a Triptych is? 1 picture split up over 3 canvases- CanvasPop has you covered! 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!"
"Motor racing-Out of the Blue, Sauber F1 do Chelsea deal"
"Might go to my cousin's tomorrow."
"I think it would be interesting to write an article comparing the two e.g collection development practices, curation, metadata"
"gadget-gift guide from Frog Design Mind"
"great #Packers buzz! I felt the wrath of your superb Kevin Greene voice."
"hahaha you kept looking at me to make me laugh!"
"RT : Are you going to change anything about the way you train in 2011? What are you going to do differently?"
"#mahomie's FOLLOW US! we follow back! follows us too!:D"
"Friday Humor: \"There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.\" - Steven Wright"
"It's funny, when the own son doesn't support the father!!!"
"\"better drop the zero and get with the hero...Ice Ice, Baby.\" I hear he does amazing house decor nowadays..."
"Safe flights for all our & family coming home. Here comes a well deserved break for all of us."
"« I'M TRIED OF PEOPLE»"
"RT : ... given that trend, it will ultimately be unsuitable for enterprise storage or even a server side cache..."
"spending $6 for a cubs/cards game is probably easier"
"question from the crowd: Can service support provided by digital humanities lab sscale at large universities? how?"
"Another day....another demon."
"Sitting in our home office banging my head into my pharmacology book."
"of course."
"Dave Chappelle Stand Up > Dave Chappelle Movies"
"your bf is climbing the tree!!"
"YES the tootsie roll comercials are back!!"
"How annoying!"
"Playing with a bb gun lol"
"Only 6 hours a way and me and and going to miss and the rest of bvb sad :'("
"gearing up for a busy day, trusting God to provide."
"Why did Timmy D get dunked on!!!"
"reading for pleasure is such a great way for a kid to dscover joy."
"birthday cake remix? eh, i like the original better."
"thanks for following"
"Gettin' 'er done at the studios"
"Those days when you wake up in the morning and suddenly hate everyone."
"Chinese For Dinner :) Ugh Yum!"
"Puerto Rico! Awesome! “: Off to golf at Trump International in PR with ”"
"possibly, havent set aside work and responsibilities for personal entertainment need more selfish"
"Elsevier shows off how they use structured data to create Smart Content."
"no problem, thx for putting out such great blog posts!"
"Love it! That's the best thing ever!"
"\"Goodbye, home run.\" #Orioles winning 9-6 after Adam Jones' 3-run bomb. Top of the 17th."
"Time for next project - updating to the latest creative suite."
"My cat Bob, is a lazy fuckwad...sleeps all the time..."
"LOL ah , I love how you make a twitter post by The Strokes into a full-fledged news article."
"Hey message"
"If you want a follow back just ask:D"
"Going to moms house to bake cookies with all the family"
"Thanks for the info! I'm sure this is going to be another great event!"
"Safely rode my cycle into work today. Some days it makes me feel old."
"12+ hours at the library today..."
"it's a shame you can't some to #Bamboozle with us. I feel like that's right where you need to be."
"i love when positive biz growth happens to a beloved, dear colleague :) love the name change! congrats. lookin' fwd to Oct 1"
"does perry chen still work there?"
"What's your favorite song? Share with all of our shastician friends!"
"I'm tired time for bed."
"Good luck to you, too!"
"they have those here 😱"
"Remember the band Life of Agony? Their singer Keith Caputo went through this a few years ago as well."
"#ImagineMB *You're sick and have sweats on and you hair is messy* prod:Your BEAUTIFUL! U:bu- prod:what did I say! ;)"
"thank you for the RTs! Have a great day :)"
"oh alright man well you went real hard on I Love Music, real dopeness. ‘Prolem (Atmosphere)’ is dope too"
"yes! glad you liked."
"heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?"
"OMG, the #WWDC Apple announcement is TODAY!"
"i love y'all. <3"
"to summarize what I just watched is impossible. Man City showed extreme adversity to score two goals and win a title that was slipping away"
"Material Culture Working Group with Edward Cooke. Today: Patricia Kane (YaleArtGallery) - Table to Go: Cassie Smith’s Folding Card Table"
"I wish I wasn't such a coward."
"Evil landlord of the morning: Trying to charge a 75 year old woman $5000 to get rid of bedbugs. Yeah, 1st 15 minutes of the day."
"Nice shot Trishe!"
"My girl just rep the stage at Klub TRU!"
"Done counting for now - I may count from 11-20 later in the workday."
"I think I do, if it was a cute contest, I think you would win tho , I'll give you that one xP"
"Wearing my shirt today! :)"
"Excited to see play at #gigs4good by to support for"
"You'll find out who your true friends are :) I love you!!"
"that was my cousin playing on my phone sorry"
"Clay Aiken in the house!!!"
"haha u didn't deny it, thanks!!! ;)"
"A DREAM IS NEVER OLD SO LONG AS IT WAKES UP EVERY MORNING WITH NEW LIFE.The postman came this afternoon to deliver another shoe machine"
"All great achievements require time. -- Maya Angelou"
"Metaphor and Myth, & any powerful cultural narrative enriches engagement."
"Captain Boomerang has to be the dumbest villain ever conceived. Poor Flash, his rogues' gallery sucks."
"good things don't happen to those who wait . . . good things happen to those who get up & get shit done ."
"I hate those questions..."
"OMG! i love this! hahahahahs gkjsdnbfgikjsbgkjsd EMIE i love you"
"you dude, how u b"
"That sounds pretty good! But Golden Beetle is a party in your mouth. :-)"
"Just finished working out, can't feel any better than this!:)"
"Treme may be an acquired taste, but it's worth it. Catch up with the character's development, and dig the music."
"up its arse!"
"I'm so busy with work, school, life, it's unfair."
"Day 27 of 100: I'm thankful for all I've learned today"
"Chocolates as we all know are very delicious and sweet creations that everyone loves"
"did she really say \" a funeral worth dying for\"?"
"Lying to me?"
"keep spittin the truth. we hearing it... www.thekeyplayerz.com"
"whatever sinks my submarine..."
"You here to finish me off, sweetheart?"
"\"Take no care for tomorrow for tomorrow will take care of itself\" .....make a decision to love, laugh, smile, and enjoy life."
"I was just hella tired ill never miss another 1 lol wyd this week end"
"I was pissed so not again will they get that $60 from me"
"Been here for 2 minutes, and I look like I just played the hardest soccer game of my life..."
"No joke. Seems to me that most of the celebs house hunting on that show couldn't possibly have enough $ left 2 buy!"
"Happy #CincodeMayo! How are you celebrating?"
"In pre-production of a new web series called \"the couch\" :)"
"Fine designer jewelry specials. Just in time for the holidays 15% off January and February Birthstones!"
"why are u sorry?????"
"How you spell my name? L-A-skweesha! RT : still trying to figure this out! I owe you a lasquisha call though ;)"
"yeah Erica your dumb"
"jorge: natural gas smell all over, gasoline too,debris everywhere, family photos and heirlooms in the streets under mud and water."
"rarely, its all i can do to keep up with twitter and fb."
"Did you know that we now have Sororities and Fraternities on campus? See what is doing to spread the gospel!..."
"Hope you enjoy Takeout & Delivery! Keep us posted on what you think"
"your hair looks soo good(:"
"Seriously sad to miss Remarkable MKE at the right now! A visionary event with some amazing participants."
"i think my next blog will be the ten commandments of the #SoundOffLine....think of it as a guide to get your call on air."
"Surprised at how quickly the defense rested its case in the Edwards trial"
"Haha. I already finished book one. I just do the little wizard duel things and potions. Haha."
"New track tonight from and"
"Followed !! :D"
"Sent you my email!"
"You play fantasy Dylan? NFL or NCAA too?"
"they shouldn't. It depends on condensation. You may have to retune tho"
"Dont u wish tht u could send vinny fan mail an then he sent u one back saying i really wanna get to know u and asked letme get ur numbee lol"
"why do you hate the Rangers so much?"
"Oh okay! You had me worried for a second"
"Love your web PAC landing page"
"that small ass bacon"
"cheesy but I wanna hear ur voice hah"
"Dear mp3, Do NOT play: Some Day, 45, then If You Only Knew by Shinedown in a row. Sincerly, Those are sad songs..."
"About to sleep like a baby,,, busy day tomorrow,,,"
"Can't even believe it Memorial Day weekend. How can it be almost summer!! I haven't finished all my winter tasks yet..."
"sittin here by grandma thinkin about back in the day"
"90% of the capability for cyber offense/defense exists in the military/intel community. 90% of vulnerable targets are in the private sector."
"Hey , I can't login. Site down?"
"thanks, it was a pleasure meeting you and the family."
"Thank you guys!!! (:"
"QUESTION: is there such a thing as a ginger inspired lip balm?"
"Love the tough love."
"#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore - You're an ass"
"Note to the person I just unfollowed. Making rape jokes about a basketball game sucks. Rape is never an OK punchline."
"doesn't get much more real than even a touch!"
"that's cool, my mom keeps asking haha"
"two gay girls and a good man. the perfect relationship everybody is happy."
"Yay!! Updating my Resume"
"I got water in my ear from being in the pool :S"
"#MomentWhen you Do stuff for you and nobody else =)"
"Come check us out on www.facebook.com/kinetikmetal. Or www.reverbnation.com/kinetik. Metal! \m/"
"Had a dream that I was watching a woman give birth ? O.o"
"nice. I missed checking in at ihop this morning in Austin TX"
"Hi ! We so love you! has Awesome New Republic opening for but agree you'd be a great opener too! ;)"
"RT : Well I'm officially disappointed."
"I Love Las Vegas Magazine...BLOG: LOVE Shopping? May&#39;s ..."
"its bday tonight"
"but kudos, James for remembering how many years!"
"Lactose Intolerance: Commonly Misundlerstood! Understand the difference between intolerance and allergy. Helpful resource..."
"Honor bespeaks worth. Confidence begets trust. Service brings satisfaction. Cooperation proves the quality of leadership. James Cash..."
"no, not yet. it goes on iTunes June 5th."
"Yeah good point"
"Diana Ross?"
"Very afraid"
"Happy birthday to the greatest dad !"
"\"Tootsie bandit\" pleads not guilty"
"Whipped them off when I read this! RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times."
"somebody get me 3 more followers? I'm almost to 1400 :D"
"Listening to next to you lovin it"
"y wuz austin sad on ustream??"
"Sorry about that :("
"Nice lunch w/ Jeff Levy, #business coach @ The E Source and co-author of #makingthejump. Great #entrepreneurship insights cc"
"You think so??"
"We are not maids we are professionals"
"Hi Gia! Thanks so much for following our cause! We'll keep you informed. :)"
"Build Me Up Buttercup- The Foundations :)"
"Is the weeknd's birthday on the weekend this year?"
"Follow back please?"
"When I recreate the scenario of Clodius and Milo on the Appia Via, I often imagine it as West Side Story, i.e. Sharks v. Jets."
"Alright so mom and I are in Pennsylvania. Only 12 more hrs to go -_-"
"this happened 1st period: *gets A on paper*: me:\"lehgo!\" girl: \"let go of what?\" me: -___-"
"Ha! A stylish #EtherGeek swim-team back-stroking on the ether :-)"
"In lunch listening once again to the funny thing dani, tony and Wally talk about :) aha funny friends"
"guess some got bored & basically its what happened was tumblr & 1D."
"Yellow Pages turns over a new leaf - WalesOnline"
"hahaha, from my party and my brother driving in to come and my hair being fixed right and my cake im a hott mess legit!"
"Have fun at your inlaws. I'm in for the same kind of fun today. Praying before dinner is so....yuck!!"
"We're making dropcards for our new EP. It feels so 21st century."
"I earned the Extrovert badge on Lose It!"
"I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing."
"you bitch you never called me !!!!! Cono"
"Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights"
"-___- they been giving Dirk weak ass everything like he in Dallas"
"I found out that prefers breathing with her mouth."
"Just when you think your life's a mess...just google Axl Rose, man that dude is bitter. Guess he never found Paradise City."
"Silly Norv Turner. You can't ice god."
"That's what I heard today! So depressed... it seems like we are bringing the rainy weather back with us :("
"Idk why that pissed me off but it did grow up your like 4 years older then me."
"Hi Randizzle!!! Not selling much today? You spend a lot of time on Twitter!"
"First time user and I must say, very nice! Definitely recommend if you need a lift."
"Beer—not just for humans? In the 1800s, doctors dipped leeches in beer before applying them to patients. It made them more likely to attach!"
"Blames for my new obsession with Angry Birds"
"Just finished work on a brand new importer. Much more stable and faster!"
"Are you cleaning right now? Tell us what you're doing."
"Thanks for the RT!"
"#ForeverFly RT : S/O to for the shirts footworkingz rocked on windy city live today!!!"
"alright man. Sounds good."
"glad you're enjoying your time here!"
"Ain't no love in the heart of the city"
"JD Souther, not quite the new kid on the block, sings his New Kid in Town at"
"see, i get screwed up on those just from a lack of familiarity. Everyone uses ATMs all the damn time!"
"Happy Wednesday!"
"was it that obvious?"
"showing love"
"Just discovered #Paper.li, basically the public, website form of #Flipboard. Love!"
"I want Bosh to comeback so ya can lose with the bitch niggas playing."
"putting together EPK's would love to get some stills and background footage"
"Great Meeting with You! I love love! =)"
"I hope you get as many votes possible :) Xx"
"#iipc12 baseball folks, meet in the madison building lobby at 6:15p. Looks like the weather is holding for us."
"4:30 am. Going to bed, finally."
"Sustainability Insight » The Kickstarter For Solar Could Make You ..."
"We have finally arrived to Chicago to party it up! Excited for the weekend and meeting everyone soon :)"
"I miss field week already.."
"At least according to their tv show."
"Good bye Seattle #snow and hello Vegas!"
"So ready for some vino and watching comedy 2night w/my bf"
"tears of joy:)"
"Flying saucer complete. Next up...the SET."
"Go Sioux."
"Internet Marketing Inc. Begins Its Summer Internship Program"
"Going to tihnk of some pictures to draw for a list of people who requested one. It will take a me a while but I will get to it hehe"
"Great, thanks!"
"I think so."
"The Central East Portland club is funding school furniture for Niger. Niger is one of the poorest countries in the world."
"My sis taught a class with her lesbian friend: \"Straight up 5 min abs. No gimmicks. Satisfaction guaranteed.\" We're not possibly related."
"Could I be anymore awkward?"
"Clearly I have fucking head phones on and I'm blasting my music for a reason. Don't try having a damn convo with me."
"Long, full day. Happy day. Birthday. People singing to me. All for me! Cake!"
"should check out www.kmcamera.com!"
"Bout to hit tha sheets. Since someone hasnt text me back."
"Tonight is taking pics too so be photo shoot fresh... #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua"
"Heyy! :D I'm doing great! Thanks for asking. How are you?"
"those boots are fun too. Loved the New Year card!"
"Is it normal to wonder just how several fictional characters (read: Elizabeth Bennet) might go about teaching an 8th grade class?"
"S/o to the new follower"
"Heart. Leadership. Hard Work. More Heart. Says it all about #mubb's Jae Crowder - the Big East player of the year"
"It never fucking fails that I can make though ATL tsa security. But get me in a smaller airport my shit gets taken away. Shaving cream. Fuck"
"Yay, Robert, your first tweet - congrats! And I'm honored to be the recipient :)"
"Just met with 's office. A phenomenal champion of national service and Thanks for your support!"
"took a wrong drop and then I holed out from where I had dropped for par!!"
"This song is phenomenal! Thanks for sharing this. It's a crime there are only 700 listens on that page!"
"We will never get along... Something about you just bothers me! "
"swear that's real. I didn't touch the edit"
"... and we enjoyed seeing you. Good update."
"I cant wait to see you friday<3 eeeep!"
"at the very least, pujols shouldn't be an all-star this year."
"I will make sure the folks of San Francisco will be happy to live here ,and that includes the 12,000 homeless"
"Today is your last chance to enter - win ereaders or free passes to our #ebksmt! Visit the sponsor table!"
"Getting rid of unwanted cars in Atlanta, GA, be it running or not running, can frustrating, but it could be easy if you call the right..."
"Did I see there are direct player vs. player battles now? Not random battles but actually challenging your friends?"
"Wishes she had been at the #Coldplay concert last night. Not being in LA sucks."
"come and visit!!!!! im not joking!!"
"Checking in at 9000 feet. Ah-h-h-h..."
"how do you like to spend your time?"
"CAT MONKEY HUGS!!"
"When will these kids learn that it is not safe to drive and text, be smart and stop doing dumb shit. This is your life..THINK."
"Haven't heard anyone mention a library staff discount but of course, WE like the idea. Will pass idea along to powers-that-be."
"About 20 people came up to me today and said I smelled like Tabacco... 3/4 don't know what it smells like. And 4/4 of them are idiots."
"wait for 2012, it's gonna b a very prosperous year, I can feel it ;)!!!!!!!!!!"
"Yhu Big In Here"
"As #scifi goes the 4th wasn't bad. I like Christian Bale. It had that bleak apocoliptic Road Warrior feel. But not a #T1 or"
"going over to for dinner and than just dt for the night."
"the royal couple really immersed themselves in American culture while visiting. In fact, when they left, they were $2 trillion in debt."
"that sounds like preparation for the end of the world. lol RT : Eat all you can"
"People are so stupid"
"love the painting! I redid the starry night back in a high school art class wall"
"Missing tebow already"
"I still walk up to strangers and tell them about my friend that hit 4 HR's in one game at Doyle Field. Josh's in good company"
"Thanks for using ShowClix William! Have a wonderful time :) Happy New Year!"
"Sound advice. Thanks for the reminder."
"The Silk Tie likes JLim! our journey is along the side of our ties, thesilktie.com"
"I Fuck with the draft caps"
"This would be where he plugs RT : : Kpark had a lot to do with Yates not looking like Yates yesterday."
"hey, I'm your newest follower, yeah I thought you could use another follower :)"
"they start at a 32 band!!! Woo Hooo!!!"
"Try our Rise & Shine Mix - a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries & coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls & scones!"
"alice hoade is the coolest gal i knows!!!! i want her to be my bestEST FRIEND"
"Not this year! Thanks, I will give it a try!"
"gonna work off that #wine and #chocolate with a sweet air guitar solo. Lol!"
"I thought #TheAvengers was really really good. Not Great, but really well done. Well worth it, I would definitely see it again."
"indeed. Even more then before to be honest.,"
"True. True."
"totally <3 it!"
"Awesome obit... Or maybe Im just Tacky. But i thought it was great."
"Here's an early *Bienvenido al Sunshine State*! :) RT : Thanks. Nice to have that sun:) back in FL nxt wk, til the end of mo."
"Hey Mike! You have to check out the tea aisle. They have some amazing new teas!"
"you and come visit me"
"RT : Is changing the air filter the biggest ripoff when you take your car in to get the oil changed? Happens EVERY TIME! LOL"
"is hellcats gonna be done for ever ??? it makes no sense Dan is supposed to be with marty n what's gonna happen with Marty&her dad"
"Actually, I probably won't be doing any creative work at all tomorrow."
"Well, at least you got a nice meal at the Asian Grill. We kept refreshing your updates that night until we fell asleep!"
"Sushi and Saporo. It's dinner"
"Thanks Seth! I'm technologically challenged! Just followed you! Check out my tweet on my new police brutality case. I rep a sergeant"
"you and your fried Oreos."
"tell me about it..."
"So housework now trumps homework. Okay mom. School doesn't matter."
"Bay-bay does it again! Go Broncos! Go Jackets!"
"me too... Colin is FUCKED UP!"
"haiku, when nature renders the poet speechless"
"Good morning it is National Coffee Day! Stop by either of our locations and enjoy a small coffee and doughnut of choice... Free!"
"hahahaha enjoying this conversation immensely"
"Today I just got my noticed that the car has officially been paid off. Life is good!"
"i drink vodka and chase it with muscle milk"
"Little Man just played pin the treasure chest on the map and he laughed when they spun him around blindfolded."
"Site Administrator"
"RT Congrats to for being 'best private school' four years in a row!"
"Merry Christmas To All!!!"
"Client complimented me. Said I do good work and \"Easy\" to work with. Photogs, check ego at the door."
"Oh, I dont accually know because I dont know how to do it because i've had this account before I was an actress .."
"sitting in my car parked in my garage to tired to move : wonder if my bf will come tote me in the house <3"
"Check the fridge in Holmes House. No one in will mind if you partake. Saw some brownie pillow cookies in Corner too."
"Baltimore city people, come drum with me in Pigtown tomo. 1100 block of Ward st. 11am-2pm, they're advertising free massages!"
"Attending our semi-annual Information Technology Professional Half Day...bringing together centralized and decentralized IT"
"My peace is orchestrated by God"
"what did you have? I usually get the Tuscan Eggs. And their homemade donut holes are DREAMY!"
"what type of coockie did you eat"
"When a Hoe tells you \"Don't Trust these Hoes..\" You better listen! hahaha"
"Airports suck!"
"He wants to go to the movies with me :)))))) EEEPPPPPP"
"\"Well, these jpegs aren't going to make themselves.\" - is really psyched about getting back to work."
"pop starlet parody on college humor gave me a braingasm in my cerebral-erotic zone's feelings pouch & Weird Al' bar is raised"
"I'll be there, w/ Von, Jack, Dre, and Holbeck...C U there Frat."
"People never really completely change who they are... Times do, but people don't."
"thank you! let me know if you'd like to go out with us tonight :) if not, have a great weekend!!"
"RT into mid Dec. and my doors and windows are open, car top down, and loving it. This is why"
"The should be recognized for all the joy they spread to #youth in"
"Very nice: #Indigenous Blogs site tracks blogs in 50 languages w/ per-language RSS feeds indigenoustweets.com/blogs/ MT"
"Watts is hard at work on our annual catalog."
"“: He is jealous for me.” loves like a hurricane"
"Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning."
"RT : in Lincoln Pk learning all about the history of bikes in Chicago."
"If you ever see me dressed girly, Instagram it. It's my suicide note."
"Will you have a role in The Expendables 3"
"RT : We make a point of letting our students know how we find \"cool\" stuff on twitter-> FABULOUS"
"how about an apron that gives the \"empty figured\" boobs??? Haha"
"Homeroom acted very responsibly through testing, I ran 3 miles yesterday, and my friend bought me a t-shirt"
"Roger Goodell is on a power trip. Not sure how you can suspend one player more than any others when they all participated."
"I artebded a Fargo seminar yesterday. They outlined a new product for creative financing."
"If the art is in the details , .trust Skintastic.com for body and face sculpting that makes a natural difference"
"i need some air because all of you make me speechless. SO PRETTY, CAN I HAS? c:"
"why have i not had a gps system my entire life? i want to kiss the ppl who made this thing. hard."
"Up waiting for cox cable b4 I head to work, so sick of this bad internet connection..."
"Omg I got my first interview right now I'm so nervous lol :|"
"Smile Ladies, God made us Strong enough to handle Anything that comes our way, We are unbreakable! ♥"
"Simply tweets the name of your website. *gets 50+ retweets*"
"sorry I missed talking to you tonight!"
"Floyd should have let his ass have it n knocked him out"
"RT : can you please get to oklahoma?"
"thanks for the #loyola updates. A great addition for twitter. from an alum. Class of 88. JC"
"hazel eyed people fall for people faster than another colored eyed person<3"
"It's time to surrender your Wednesday only"
"Hell yes! We're pretty excited. Hope you'll be here."
"“: At potbellys smashing this sandwich”"
"You okay girl?"
"Passed my permit test!"
"My Saturday ..... Wasted !"
"S/O 2 the newest followers ~! Welcome to"
"east coast representt"
"Static Demos, Cupcakes, and Hair Raising Photos! Sound like a birthday your kids may dig? Visit www.thebakken.org/birthdayparties.html !"
"someone's dopamine receptors could use a jumpstart from last weekend"
"same, we just bought it bc we love them, but last night my stomach did not go well with them :( usually im fine"
"not that depressed huh"
"we would all be fucked lol"
"\"so wait, does the Volvo have NOS?\" haha"
"Welp, Jeff Gordon goes down 2 laps. Par for the course this season... :("
"Bad Girls Club!"
"Have you heard of Cheat ? Amazing stuff at www.xyngular.com/samc"
"No ones really tweeting much so...Helloo. ;D"
"Wednesday guys. Woo. Half way there."
"Sorry -- My Tweet length post yesterday was an April fools joke. Sorry if I spooked the markets."
"Torafugu Association (can't get fugu legally wo licensing from them) has confirmed we r the only restaurant in IL! Come try it!"
"Hey can all ages get a jersey tonight?"
"hell yeah, that dude's mixes are a PROBLEM. i personally can't wait for it/them to drop. *elbow's LL in ribs*"
"Its a beautiful day! Anything exciting going on in your world!"
"aww thanks! this is why i love you! love you too bestie!"
"I got some cool ass followers"
"Another Beautiful day here in the studio. Making hits. Very blessed to be surrounded by good people"
"I've got the after lunch sleepies. Must...go....on...."
"Where Do BuzzFeed's Animal Pics Come From? - The Atlantic"
"What is the #worst time that your #car has broken down? Middle of nowhere, side of the highway? How did you fix it?"
"Stay tuned for more US #Twitter contests on the 7th of every month in the"
"can you imagine putting Lulabelle's future husband through that right before he proposes?"
"When I was a kid, I made a dove in a pottery class for my mom. It was the UGLIEST thing ever, but she displayed it proudly"
"Depends on how long he takes at the tee. If he goes under 40 seconds, he'll be rushed. Needs at least 45."
"\": it is better to do one thing well then to do many things poorly. : )\">>> so, so true!"
"I hate myself for not answering tweets. I read every single one and answer you back in my head.... for what it's worth :("
"Philadelphia bound ..."
"rainy saturday! what to do, what to do?!!"
"Go Juliet!!!!! You need to stay! :D"
"Yes, borderlands is fun, I wouldn't even try to go much further in rage, doesn't really get better."
"We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are."
"dude the Irish Tenors doc is my favorite"
"Good night ya 7lwa RT\": #GoodNight\""
"Facebook IPO set for Norwegian Independence Day, May 17"
"YOU ARE THE REASON YOU ARE WERE YOU ARE"
"solid after a shaky 1st set (you & were solid the entire time!), playing in a goddamn sauna"
"My brother thinks you look like Demi Lovato. Ha! RT : just saw Pantene girls commercial. Star struck!"
"Thanks and for a super fun show tonight!"
"is KO'ing for the night. Lots of pictures to snap tomorrow! This Doc of #Chiropractic shoots! Yay for friends getting hitched! =D"
"Btw.. I hate Norte Dame, but those helmets are bad"
"looking 4 a legit manager"
"I got invited to a press function with Dennis Rodman in a gentlemen's club in NYC. Why can't I live in New York this week?"
"#Boom #Athletics win in the 12th"
"it's the style"
"I fell asleep babe."
"One/two leg takedown and hip throw are just two of the throws taught at blue belt and brown belt respectively"
"hit me up"
"Great morning visiting Buford Middle School. Another awesome school!"
"JEN SMASH"
"Big trouble in little China in my pants!"
"Always a trade off of course, but Hamilton isn't \"old\" or anything. Nice guy to build around - Yoder would be at 1B maybe."
"Thank GOd !!!!!!! 7 weeks and i can get outta HAVILAND THANK U JESUS!!!"
"was tonight?? Oh no! I thought it was tomorrow! What am I gonna do on the real #stpaddaysday?!"
"have you decided on a song for your audition??!"
"Tanning, when a bee lands on my leg and I Jump up and scream...forgetting I untied my bikini top haha at least no one was around :0"
"aw thank you. im glad you enjoy watching my work"
"#redphonebox for on 14 July, call 08442491000 to find out more"
"we'll have the low turquoise/purple within the next few weeks"
"You can't say \"Pink Visual\" on the radio?"
"Hahaha me think you funny."
"true..... Twitter via tv. Craziness"
"When we pursue kingdom principles above His presence, we are looking for the kingdom without a king."
"I really wunna go to the mall but my madre won't take me :("
"The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being, but to remind him that he is already degraded. ~George Orwell~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"
"Sadly I'm obsessed with the Doritos Tacos - not good for numerous reasons. Reason #2...asking Dan to go there was pure agony."
"Free event for teens this weekend in NYC! 1st Amendment Hack Jam, remix videos, celebrate free speech, more!"
"'06 Los Carneros #syrah. So good. Unfortunately we are finally reaching the end of the 2 cases we got last year!"
"Whether you need help finding your dream home, selling your home, or looking for an investment property, I can help! phone:317-979-5700"
"RT : Oh *squee* three Twitter followers away from 100. Make my day?"
"Pasting is about 73% of most professional writing tasks, by my estimate."
"I thought the Tornado Twins were connected to the first Red Tornado...or was that the Cyclone Kids?"
"looks amazeballs, that sounds like a perfect plan"
"Not sure Y is at #TEDxumn. seriously. Perhaps he's here to inspire simpleminded dialogue. Maybe career interns know all."
"Thanks for the mention! Happy Tuesday to you :-)"
"Tired of tryna make it Work."
"That's fantastic -- welcome to the ROC! See you in the fall."
"Check out www.theclevelandsportsreport.com for a excellent article about Saturday's show. Mark your claendars for Feb. 5th."
"Met my goal."
"Those who say that words can never hurt them, never got hit in the head with a dictionary. -___-"
"\"GNOC\" look innocent? If you find that on your daughters phone or IM you should be upset. It means \"Get Naked On Cam.\""
"Taking it one day at a time, one hour at a time"
"thnks!!! 2 the ladies of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Happy Founders Day 2 u!!! We thank Dr. King everyday, Happy MLK Day"
"Obama, get off my TV. you're interrupting Jeopardy."
"MY BLACKBERRY SUCKS! On a brighter note, CSC Fest is this Saturday at The Crofoot! Who will we be seeing?!"
"There is no such thing as no way out. Just ways you haven't seen yet. There is always a solution"
"As Musberger just said, \"this is a mauling folks, just a mauling.\""
"Nap or workout? Or nap, then workout?"
"Thanks. They took my Ravens replica Superbowl ring so I suspect On the serious side, Tosa police have been great."
"thanks sis! Yes having a blast-we're finishing up lunch now. Bout to read!"
"lol you never know"
"most welcome"
"getting ready for that Yung Von show out in vacavile tonight, hope you guys can make it, its going to be a great time"
"Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life."
"LOVE that movie. That was before La'lohan went nuts."
"#Lt I dont remember accepting that or even typing that. Smh i swear facebook yo!!!!!!!!"
"it is HOT in my office"
"Friends we not as cool as we once was"
"Its so cute when u think I'm listening......."
"...My hashtagging is awful. However... I think #TalkTwitterToMe needs to trend!"
"#IfYouDontHaveAMan Think Like a Man is waiting for u if you're tired of being lonely"
"I would like all xstrological signs"
"#altacadvice If your grad prog fails to offer career mentoring outside trad ac, organize/attend workshops across campus for skills/ntwking."
"I'm not the kind of person that'll tell you that there's a booger hanging from your nose. I just can't do it."
"Good times today with capture the flag and a variety of arts at #LyndenSculptureGarden! Get outside and play!"
"The Groupon is for two tickets."
"lol these lames is real funny....they aint never gon show they face...they gon hide and talk shit....its scr8 though...let da party begin"
"Thanks for the link. Definitely will do in the future. I now have Rocket Scripts off so Disqus works. Should I still report it?"
"Not me :P"
"I just want a place to sit with my laptop. I promise to consume a coffee or scone on the hour every hour."
"I'm putting in the call for Kinsler"
"Big Day in Sedona yesteraday How did i know they would love my Ped Pal foot scrubbys? Passion dear followers passion that's the gift i share"
"I feel you dude. I'm so hungover right now"
"Missing #eminem at #sxsw ...just 5 blocks away. what's up with that...we have our D card"
"I'm definitely gonna make it!"
"I make my dreams become reality, so....HA! :D"
"Let's try this again"
"I guess when a group \"friends\" nt cool with one person they nt cool with u either"
"Appalachia Waltz is one of those things that never grows old."
"#Shoutout to all 14 of my new followers"
"Well, I have an hour to kill and it's writing day!"
"That last joke has me cracking me up"
"we like seriously need to move there!"
"oh look at that, i didnt even notice :D sorry about that :)"
"Lakers and rangers tonight!!! Good luck!!!!"
"We have officially reached 400 followers!!! Thank you to everyone who follows"
"RT : and Dr. Morrison wins NV Taxpayers Assoc's Good Government Award. Congrats!"
"Thanks Same To You..May God #Bless You In Every Way"
"on what?"
"my wife just told me some of what you did in afghanistan, just wannted to say thank you, God bless"
"Are you at #MSG?"
"sit behind them & when the baby cries kick the back of the seat, when they turn around u can say \"sorry my wife acts like a baby\""
"-Going to sleep on that note"
"already read it. It sucked."
"You know you're a southern belle when you walk better in your cowboy boots then you do in high heels <3"
"Watching Florence & The Machine's rehearsal for #TheVoice live show tonight.... So damn good!!!"
"Read my tweet!!"
"Tonite was great, but I had to minister thru a broken heart when I found out about Whitney. Prayin for her fam and her sister Cece winans."
"Thank you for sharing your photo with us! Did you enjoy Mother's Day?"
"don't try to rap if you aren't good."
"I was on my \"I don't follow n*ggas that look like price sh*t)"
"The KOKO Dennis Show is seeking interns to be a part of our production team. Videographers , Photograhers and Production Assistants please e"
"I figured that would happen at some point. RT : Bono sighted on Broadway."
"\"Feel like I'm Martin Luther! DREAM big until the DEATH\" -#Avenue snappin!!"
"Looking forward to it! RT : #uficapetown just kicking off, some good topics over the next two days!"
"Ryan Braun's suspension was overturned, and Woody Allen is nominated for 2 Oscars. Take that Hitler."
"Most amazing last long run before next wkend!"
"is your train going to downtown STL or Kirkwood?"
"What bet do you have to lose to get \"Bad bitch\" tattooed on you?"
"Going to your first day of work with puffy eyes <<<"
"I love the Brazilian Butt Lift infomercial. Anything that can squeeze the word \"butt\" 45 times in a minute is pure comedy gold."
"Congrats on your new car!"
"heading back to room for a bit. How about dinner around 6-6:30?"
"I wish I still had my uniform. I'd wear it all the time. Those Han Solo utility pants were the best."
"stop ruining my good name."
"Just saw a darksiders 2 trailer on tv.... Cant wait!"
"Booked a good win in the 4/800 mix earlier, now playing the 1.5k Chinese tournament hoping to ship the enormous 1st place trophy.."
"That moment that lets u know u made the right choice>>>>>"
"Ok so I finally started watching Big Bang Theory and just laughed at a comic book joke. Sold."
"Random News: DiCaprio 'to make Bollywood film debut' with Xtreme City!"
"yes why ??"
"m wow \"Can we measure competencies?\" awesome frame. Put that on the agenda for an upcoming chat. A: Y & N. Depends :)"
"you tell em girl."
"#FridayListens: Chugging into Disc 12 of 13 on the immensely fab READY PLAYER ONE by & read by"
"The most diabolical villain in the world....."
"wats wrong love"
"- Totally agree.The biggest differences are in physical strength & speed-of-play in the men's game"
"I'll try. I'm gonna see him tomorrow for some thing for school"
"not at all!! I understand wanting to get out of there!:)"
"Looked at all my financial aid and loans for college and realized that I don't want to grow up."
"And their tailgating and special \"presents\" left in our alleys. They also were tearing down trees to put in their bonfires"
"something I can help with?"
"Sometimes the robot takes its time RT : What prompted Google Alerts to find a comment I left on a blog 3 yrs ago... today?"
"they are a mile long!"
"Hey I just bought you and this is crazy but heres my ice cream so melt it maybe?"
"Video coming in 1! ...hour. ;) stay tuned"
"In other news, there's a ton of randomly useless information under #TheMoreYouKnow hastag. I <3 Twitter."
"not on a work nite please!"
"Both of us- B.o.B ft Taylor Swift... On repeat"
"What's up with this rain"
"I have the memory span of a fish."
"Thank You!! Even though i'm not from there it's a lot of fun celebrating with my friends who are. Same to you!!"
"Your job is to email me the address & I'll look for a local hotel. :) Yay drinking & taxiness for the 3 of us."
"I love those little icons!"
"Timsanity... I love it!"
"Things change people change!"
"YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL!!! hahaha c:"
"u r missing this shit"
"Just spotted Tim Robbins on his bicycle downtown #Nola. He's a cutie!"
"We're running 10 minutes late, see you soon at Haight and Claython."
"Wow... are they equal offers?"
"I know! So crazy. I'm really curious to see what develops, apparently ESPN has fired her since the story came out."
"Loving the #Google logo video today!"
"The biggest thing on campus"
"makes for ugly fingertips but easier playing ahaha"
"thank you GOD they got her. now comes judgment on earth. but thats nothing to what awaits her in hell"
"if you were wearing a lime-colored dress I'd be so turned off. Melons are so much sexier!"
"And may I just say: I'm digging the 30s/40s station on Spotify like a fucking grave."
"Ahaha he really did tho,Tech was always wack to me anyway. Never thought he was funny like that"
"It's nice to have longer days in Europe where the sun doesn't start to set until 9:30 at night. Days seem more productive."
"By the way, I know your brother Andy!"
"That would definitely be my first choice! Have fun!"
"“: Looking at old pictures & noticing how lame you were when you were younger.”"
"New PayPal will consolidate all yur credit,debit,& gift cards,& recognize coupons.Physical cards & coupons are becoming a thing of the past."
"Found them"
"Rainbows are just to look at, not to really understand."
"It is necessary from the very nature of things that power should be a check to power."
"too much!"
"I SEEN ALL I CAN TAKE LBVS"
"Just read a good quote: \"We need to replicate in the classroom the world in which students are living.\" Not sure who said it."
"Travel with the Crew and spend loot. Have uecker answer my phone calls."
"Richmond, Va concert was crazy. Had a blast playing with some monsters for a Jazz Festival down there. Hope to do it again soon!!"
"RT : Stop by the Visitors Center tonight. Notaviva Vineyards is offering tastings."
"Dinner? Walking to Giovanni's Trattu."
"Street Life Intelegence Moneys Everything #slime flu"
"that makes me feel good... Ya know i always had a feeling! Ohhmg that soo funny bc sadly he is our first and only lol"
"Marathons are fuuckking HARD! No Sub 4. But 40 minute PR."
"Yoooooooo what's good!"
"how often does the positive of social learning get run over by reality of high stakes testing"
"NO. YOU HAVE TO HELP HIM."
"heart and mind open singing the Whiskey Lullaby"
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Rev Martin Luther King Jr"
"no problem man, traffic was a total bitch!"
"awesome thank you so much! Hope your friends dig it too :)"
"Thank you so much!!!"
"I used to like #Adele until she was played on the radio what seems EVERY other song"
"Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first."
"NGOs should package information relevant for the pipo they work with and some useful information is on social media platforms"
"Stoked for the Mumford and Sons show tonight. Starting out with some Belgian brew at Cheek Monk."
"interesting thought. Sadly \"sports agent\" does have some negative stigma in some circles. What are your rebranding thoughts?"
"I'm tired of this feeling....."
"SO F-N TRUE."
"Shannon Smith Friend me, I have a question for you."
"Fantastic, thanks!"
"She mines now"
"I wanna kill sometimes."
"Tuned into Determined to get those tickets!!!"
"If you don't show hard or trap Kyrie Irving on the pick-&-roll you're asking for trouble. But what do I know..."
"Back home from the BYU #Genealogy Conference. Good to be home."
"miss those lonely stoner nights. . ."
"Coming soon!! A 3bd/2ba fully furnished home for rent in Mill Valley this July for $5,000. Contact Foundation Rentals here on Twitter!"
"Did we ever establish that they do refills?"
"thank you!"
"What do I love about an on-the-go & make things happen Saturday? EVERYTHING - I say, go & get 'em!!! :-)"
"#whydopeopledothis have kids and not take care of them\""
"on tour.."
"what it do young blood?"
"how you been?"
"I like Turco's old school Reggie Lemelin-style pads to match Reggie's old number 1."
"I'm in SoCal with the fam! aww sorry, that would be so fun! You gotta come visit sac sometime tho :)"
"So tired. Leavin tomorrow!"
"...this Trayvon Martin case may have possibly just saved many lives. operative word here is ‘possibly ‘ those in know, know, don’t we now?!"
"RT : RT : \": Endless Music what's haninn??\"turn up"
"History is not written in stone. The best questions are open-ended with answers that can be debated. Fosters higher level thinking"
"extraction does not exist"
"\"Be best friends with a librarian\""
"Colton's mom better get some amazing mothers day present for taking the bullet on that one. Wowza."
"Had so much fun meeting fans, signing photos, doing interviews today, thank you ALL!!!"
"stop hogging all the hot water!"
"Story on NPR about favorite movie lines!!"
"Thanks for the follow! Are you at KPTV studios this evening, on air?"
"Dear guy snoring in the hostel bed above me, listening to Blood on the Tracks. Album is too good to be interrupted by your uneven breathing"
"homework on a sunday night...feels like I stepped back into a time machine to the good old days of"
"Royal Rumble Moments tapings Send all your favorites to to get shout outs on the show"
"me to"
"Good Luck! perfect week for training with the beautiful weather :)"
"Done with all this bullshit."
"I'm in the Hole! Cindee got delayed though :("
"Both of us wish you guys had been at full strength. Great season. Nothing but love from the Kansas side of the family."
"Family Affair - Chuck Brown"
"its gne be hard for you to get up at 9 every morning... Cus you gone over sleep"
"Thanks for following Music Josh We shall check out your music"
"just cuz I wanna relax a bit lol"
"you will have to join me, I go every Thursday!"
"I just heard this song where this guy rhymes \"KODAK\" with \"know that.\" True story."
"Efficacy is the power to produce an effect toward a desired outcome. It is the highest ROI to your time and effort."
"LEAVE US VIDEOS OF YOU STILL ON THE MEDS AFTER HAHAHAH ps good luck puta <3"
"Enjoying the #womensnetwork event on Personal Branding at featuring"
"So proud of for being drafted by the in the futures draft."
"Of course!Keep up gr8 work!"
"Relationship stages: strangers -> acquaintance -> friendship -> crush -> dating -> relationship -> breakup -> \"friends\" -> strangers."
"Who ever said 'What you don't know can't hurt you' has got to be a complete total moron."
"can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 34"
"Yea we did! With 40+ hours to go! RT Yay, hit their Kickstarter goal!"
"Golf Channel Biggest Rating Tiger Woods Scandal"
"I can't find the info. any assist? without, I'm not sure I can"
"Done, and done!"
"Damn nature, you scary"
"The fact that I'm oddly obsessed with stationary is probably the whitest thing about me."
"As soldiers of Christ \"No soldier gets entangled in civilian pursuits, since his aim is to please the one who enlisted him\" 2 Timothy 2:3-4"
"didnt i watch a period of the B's in the playoffs at ur house? It's not like i've been contacting others & not u guy"
"“Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need” Voltaire"
"Here's a little secret about ..... His birthday is this week!!!!! Stay tuned to find out when it is."
"There was a hottie outside that kept looking and smiling at me... I swear to God I could have a boyfriend. lol"
"World wide trip, new offices, new team, great office in Bartlett Tenn, can you believe huge space for almost nothing. We bought a house too"
"San Diego: officially the most beautiful place I have ever seen."
"Anyone seen Caught in the Net at Dogwood Dell? Thinking of going tonight."
"When Romney ate grits, the waitress asked him how he liked his eggs. He said sunny side up, scrambled, over easy, boiled and poached."
"Man watching the #Celtics cook right now has me scares for my #Spurs chance at a championship if we are lucky and healthy enough to make it"
"Watching MTPress now. What will Paul Ryan say?"
"lol the world is going to end and your just glad your going to be 21!"
"#NeverTrustAGirlThat that only calls or txts when she needs something"
"#BradNessler said West Virginia was \"another school from Virginia\" last night.. Dude?! Seriously?!! We've been a state for a while now!"
"Franchise Dealers you don't have to turn another prospective client away. Protect your assets with GoldStar GPS, Guided by Spireon."
"Don't forget, Mick Jagger is on SNL this weekend, man. Can't miss the Mick."
"Waiting for KD vs Black Mamba game to cum on they my two favorite players!!!!"
"Happy Birthday ~"
"i'm doing a music video for unfriend you."
"I <3 Juliet Simms! I have her 'Oh Darlin' audition video"
"Yes. Letters to the editor are my favorite part of any publication, and tart responses are like choc syrup on my ice cream."
"I just needed the link to share with an online meeting of Wikipedians going. But the site won't work on Chrome or ie. :("
"lol sucks for you david but we all know jamir has been waiting to sit & chill in football lol"
"Jay Jaworski the founder of Star Mentors invites you to the platinum highway event . www.starmentors.com"
"run run run away run away babyy"
"nice ass day !"
"Fixin to get some hot chicken here in a minute. Been mixing these tracks for a few hours now. Somebody might die soon."
"Gettin head while I'm readin, Call that facebook."
"but then again so was ms.mims talking about how I didn't have friends lol, she's just something else"
"Wow ref."
"It's never TOO LATE. Time for a change ~"
"Today is 's annual \"clean your office day,\" which should be a quarterly event."
"do you know any coffee shops or restaurants near explosion in la?"
"It's much easier to gain weight than it is to lose it....#lifelessons this applies to relationships too"
"Alright, well I need to go to sleep. Past midnight. Goodnight all my lovely followers. Xx"
"Went to school to be a teacher, ended up in journalism. Still not quite sure how that happened."
"return the keg?! No no we have a keg already- we just need to fill it up!"
"Pumpkin Fact: Pumpkins are 90 percent water"
"I *highly* recommend it. way faster then stock too."
"#IGetJealousOf all the cute gay boys."
"I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks"
"haha oh I know!!!"
"Gotcha! Yes- very well deserved! Not that you're not doing a great job Charlie!"
"I am looking for an additional income stream. Who has the best one going? Looking for sub $1000 initial buy-in."
"It is more of a challenge for #ChuckNorris to kill something with a gun than with his bare hands."
"when a man sags his pants."
"I'll take B."
"We're getting a report from in LA w/ more on Donald Driver on #DWTS coming up in a few minutes"
"If you've had a chance to visit the new shop.... tell us your favorite part about it? I bet I can guess what your all gonna say!!! ;)"
"I am currently now addicted to Camel Menthols. I love the taste when you pop the ball too"
"Wooooopppppsss!!!! Rest assured, it seems as though I didn't ruin too much"
"so Uhh, please don't leave the let's be the scariest D that nfl films will show 10 yrs from now."
"yes! i actually think i will stop by today. always so fun to see your genius christmas displays."
"Uh whatever, you're about to move into the Waffle Shack of Thai food, ie. in with me"
"Bo Ryan going on with Mike & Mike on right now. Listen in."
"hi. Who are you?"
"hey girl text me I lost all my numbers. :("
"should pair well with the poutine & scotch egg"
"How the fuck you don't look nothing like your pics!!!!!!!!!! o_O"
"I'm just ready for the lakers to be out of the playoffs"
"Great! And I will sit here and brace myself for jealousy."
"Wow, intense!"
"Yes please, yes please! RT I'm going to try!!"
"Behind every favorite song there's a story..."
"RT Welcome to the World of Unlimited Travel FUN. Heavily discounted travel and tours."
"yard signs will take longer. Sorry."
"love barry trunk"
"Sox are 4.5 out of 1st in AL Cent. At this point in season (early) that's not so bad. RV working out the kinks & learning his job."
"Why is it that as small as our planet is (jets) 25,000,000 children can suffer while we go about our daily lives as if they didn't exist?"
"needs to put on slow-mo!"
"Today caller 98 on the Draketones wins a pair of tickets to his June 8th concert at Darien Lake."
"WE NEED TO FIRE REID..."
"if you are looking for a good way to get your twitter life going in the right direction --> literally follow"
"Woah, what an honor to be followed by you Thomas! :) Been a fan for a long time! :)"
"I got a new hobby.. =D."
"It's Impossible for me to listen to \"Tiny Dancer\" in my car and not pretend I'm on the tour bus with Stillwater"
"Sittin in here high as fuck w/ Brian lol"
"Small Business Saturday! What are you doing to support your favorite small business?"
"lets go!! When & where is it??"
"cause it plain ^^"
"You can do it! Not unlike what you and did for Writer's Digest: take the meaty & compelling, but make it fun."
"If you could say it in words, there'd be no reason to paint. ~ Edward Hopper"
"what if the strippers stage name was Love Handles? Two birds..."
"When I say insomniac, I mean it."
"haha. sorry, dude."
"#whosgonnalose - (UDPATE) Arizona v Nebraska - change to tie vote"
"sometimes the simple things should just stay simple!"
"He should be ashamed of himself."
"Da fuck?! I would've done the same thing if I was you. Might want to board your window it might break through glass next time😳"
"I didn't realize I could lift one eyebrow higher than the other until that last pic I tweeted, very interesting."
"its nice that Smoak has 4 singles in the last 2 games, but he needs to step it up and hit for some power.."
"Pretending to be writing something in class so the teacher won't call you."
"got ya! Check out what I said to"
"omg u look so much like my BFF that's crazy mayb y'all twins or sumthing lol but seriously"
"We started mixing a new Album \"Live at the Loft\", which is a live thing from last summer, last night! I am excited!!"
"This is extreme. I dont do waiting!!!!"
"I only like basketball on certain days of the week"
"Jus took the best bath"
"Registration success."
"day 2 of #sxsw a success and the music portion technically hasn't started yet"
"It's pretty sad...they don't seem to care heart and heads are not in the game"
"“: Listening to a podcast on the app!!!! Great teaching on a MUST-HAVE app!! Download NOW!”"
"Don't let people from your past hold your present hostage and control your future. Allow yourself to laugh, love, & most important...live!"
"Just finished an interesting project in #printed circuit board interconnects."
"no. Let me wallow inself pity."
"Preparing for an academic panel: Is home ownership for White people?"
"Box office is now open!! call now to claim your tixs to see 916-925-5500 for tix"
"that is too funny lookn good i love da pix"
"Just woke up. Good afternoon world."
"am i wut?"
"Willow Weather Alert Flood Watch"
"He sounds just like Josh Groban. woah. Blown away."
": Sure, but be prepared to receive pixs of my elementary school on Kadena AFB. And Okinawan slugs."
"All-u-can-eat pancakes just $3.99 tomorrow (6-11) at Gus's Diner or Northside Cafe. Bring in ad from today's WSJ sports section."
"Uh, we're looking at the forecast and it's not looking really pretty for racing ... big storm cell moving in from southern Indiana."
"Wow you are such a close minded person and probably a closet dyke yourself and I will always be a fan of"
"Received a great response during this mornings canvass!!! The momentum is building; keep up the work guys!!!"
"Well Swoosh I look forward to seeing you in LA."
"How was everyone's weekend??"
"me too. Love it!! I check it at least once a day!"
"ok, just give me a minute. I need to run some errands"
"31lbs......this fish finished 2nd place at the catfish tournament.....I didn't fish the tournament but its well worth it to go"
"I can only imagine how sad it would be to lose one of the greatest. Let us know when you want to commemorate him!"
"like famous Amos?"
"please do, friend. :)"
"thanks for your insights and and analysis ... appreciate it!"
"I hate raves with a passion I find them pointless."
"That was totally for you. :) \"Everybody thinks they know what a (good) test looks like because they've taken one.\""
"Where can I send you some info about us?"
"Want to get free crown moulding installed into your home ? Call us to find out more.@ Mr.D's painting \"We Love to Paint\" and so much more."
"#delangeconf8: How does the scholarly communication system support or inhibit global collaboration? What role might open access play?"
"Curious to know which line is longer this morning: In and Out Burger or the line at the AAC for #Mavs tickets?!?!"
"hello big head"
"girl I'm sure I will find happiness w/ a man but right now I'm def not looking"
"I cannot stand when people make me take my headphones out. It practically says, \"Do Not Disturb\"."
"I should call work already but I'm busy taking a shit 💩👍"
"Cant Wait !!!"
"how was crowd size?"
"but of course."
"No school for me"
"ill try my luck w those ones...;)"
"Waiting for the one thing you cannot have, makes the satisfaction of finding it that much sweeter. Sure is tantalizing though..."
"I do know who is signing autographs at the Panthers draft party though. That's...interesting I guess."
"OMG G"
"Still supporting Nashville this year since mah boys are out :("
"at livestrong park last summer. it was awesome. excited for some timbers games too:)"
"Why do I suck so much at keeping up with my twitter. Shit. ):"
"Hope we get to meet at BAS meeting tonight. I saw part of your talk today in Scars but was in and out with the baby."
"give him a little credit though. Because he does deserve it."
"Beautiful women on this BX 5 train. All shapes, sizes and colors."
"Reading The Only Kayak by Kim Heacox - a journey into the heart of Alaska."
"Time to get back on track and thump the Huskies tonight"
"We beat Jets game one, in NY :-)"
"Time for bed amount"
"I use hostmonster for both, and haven't had any problems with it."
"Introduced Liz, Tom and Keegan to 'deer blood' and then watched 300"
"If you don't have plans this weekend, seriously consider Cocktails-4-Canines this weekend! Booze, cupcakes, good cause...duh!"
"OH..by the way..WILL trade/barter for certain services or records!"
"Worst current rule in CBB: min. 25% scholie rule..it doesn't help anyone, just less kids on scholie now.. Pointless.."
"idk but we gotta do something fast or its gonna be another long season"
"thx for the S/O!! Curious how you found out about ?"
"we're on the clock"
"if your near office take a photo of the lobby and upload to You'll be compensated for your efforts :)"
"be careful out there and have fun!"
"When you're ready just say you're ready."
"now Jaime Bonilla can scheme at a higher level. Enough practice in south bay. Good luck & good riddence"
"Lol this late in the year?!?! I dont get homework!"
"Wdf fuck u going to say I got aids ? Cause I would not stick my Dick in Ur nasty ass.really ? I pull paperwork out on u hoes like state ids"
"Open one at a time and take turns, with a cry of \"rip-tear! rip-tear,\" if things move too slow."
"work then hanging"
"If you lift me up I can! Smartass :-P"
"Excellent! 10am US eastern - words will roll!"
"Hope your day is going good! Love you and miss u"
"It's a new level of awkward when your mom asks if you've read 50 Shades of Grey with that far off look in her eye..."
"Chilly night with an official low at RIA of 22. Cold temperatures will persist today with highs in the upper 30's along with sunny skies."
"Love how my blond moments just suddenly come and go, just that quick! Definitely a blond moment this morning!"
"I hate it here, I wanna die."
"Would you be willing to show on tonight at 11p? and I are going to try & stay awake to watch it! haha"
"Hehe ;) How many weeks out are ya?"
"I neve thought of it this way but you are 100% correct, Why don't agent's say we are tired of paying the broker?"
"Check out #DJCHARLEYSHARP \"In the Mix special guest Alana Johnson from Rags 2 Riches Fashion Show May 3 at USU"
"good good thanks love <3"
"Your boss must not have twitter"
"#jimmydimora federal racketeering trial is pushing me rapidly toward my 1,000th tweet. Maybe next week?"
"Bumping dat plies \"Fucks wit you\" on my way to Macon"
"Mike & Red... Nice glassware. #FAIL!"
"Follow me on instagram! AntonyFlorida . Goodnight loves 😘"
"just got rejected. Life right!!!!!"
"Woo hoo #WFX 2012 - can't wait RT globalrelations I'm already registered for 2012. Now for the months of waiting..."
"still kills it! =vH=."
"Please please please respond! Cutaway idea- Christina Agulira undressing and she turns out to be like 300 pounds."
"Bask in beverages, delve into demos, explore culinary trails, May 19-22 Atlanta Wine Festival"
"bye ladies .. see yah later .. :) corbin"
"Have a Sweet One like you xo"
"Okay guys I'm done with my tirade. Hey , with some free booze on my return flight we could be friends again! I prefer vodka."
"Messi is barcas all time leader in goals at only the age of 24"
"When people start giving you excuses instead of solutions, that's when you know it's time to let go."
"Clearly I spend too much time on my own..."
"YES! you have a working oven and stove don't you? I smell a cooking lesson event coming on!"
"Grill ReplacementOutdoor Cooking and Eating - weber grill replacement parts"
"DOWN. I know some people in cincy we could crash with."
"I used to think Katy Perry said \"Kiss me, Ki- Ki- kiss me, infect me with your left hand, fill me with your right one\" Lol, I was messed up!"
"I could take you."
"Thank God for unions!"
"\"Sometimes there's a fine line between love and hate\""
"Wake up. School. Home. Homework. Sleep. And redo it. Every day."
"Wow. I'm sure will be at the NY tour stop. RT : Journey with Benatar/Loverboy??!! SO THERE!!"
"WOW!!! Congrats lady!"
"Already preparing for some serious wiffle ball action this summer. Pitchers & catchers report on May 1."
"Always can all me at the office, see my phone number"
"You have upset a lot of people..."
"hahaha how in the world does that happen?! Maybe a heart attack from the stress of having to choose"
"\"Don't Hate. Accelerate.\" :"
"I still can't believe that facebook bought instagram for a billion dollars!!"
"This could mean everything, or nothing at all, you take what is real, I'll give you my all❤"
"^ A Little Nuts About Love Driving through Southern California, I stopped at a roadside stand that sold fruit, vegetables and crafts. As..."
"Mini-Marathon/Derby/Cinco de Mayo: carb up on tortillas, run 13.1miles w/ bourbon at water stations. Wearing only hat & bowtie"
"where can i buy moxa sticks? anyone know?"
"I knew u it. barca is too sick. This games isn't worth watching anymore. It's going to get bad"
"Number One in the ALC BABAYYYY"
"Thanks for the follow!"
"Only in NYC for a weekend and I was able to get 3 foursquare badges without trying. We need more foursquare enthusiasts in South Florida!"
"close, but it must say \"I want free tickets to \""
"Three former NFL players arrested by the FBI"
"You can say that again! This burger is more than a mouthful!! We've got some pro's at the \"burn center\" ;)"
"What a beautiful afternoon!!! You are welcome - I truly tried my best to bring back the beautiful Miami weather with me!! Heehee ;) ;)"
"How has the population changed in Deep Ellum since it started in the 80's?"
"Finally home!"
"After studying for the mock exam a little bit. I'm going to go to sleep, get up a little bit earlier tomorrow morning, & study a bit more :)"
"In north carolina, just a few more states til florida"
"Thanks for RTs:"
"Failing up: when everyone knows you suck except the person hiring you."
"The hood gives the show the advantage of not casting the role for months."
"Lord forgive me for my sins!!!!"
"Ikr i wish they would have stuck to his character too."
"with for a cut from Always the best!"
"thanks man!! I am super pumped"
"I wana come...can I come...lol"
"#Dope concerts hitting Indy this summer...Janet Jackson at Indy State Fair"
"well they started cheering Wade when he held up a Yankees hat, so it looks like it was about Tebow."
"If u want something done right u got to do it yo damn self..... Smh ok mo money for me............."
"she probably the best:). Sounds like you're both totally lucky! Behind every good guy is a far better woman they say."
"real fucking talk !?!?!?!"
"WHY VAT"
"I had to self-medicate to get through his debate performances too.\": ....Rick Perry used pain killers to get through debates"
"Forget the risk and take the fall, if it's what you want it's worth it all <3"
"cam just tweeted me this day keeps getting better"
"\"Back to life, back to reality. Back to the here and now yeah\""
"RT : Saw premiere of 'Sushi: The Global Catch' Impressed by vision for sustainable sushi."
"You guys, Rachel started dating Mark from work to get back at Ross. Seriously, I cannot sleep and Friends is real addictive."
"I find it ironic that politicians scream about over spending but then spend millions on election ads. #Republicans I'm taking to you!"
"if you're at the hotel in #Anaheim take a photo of standard room and upload to You'll be compensated for your effort"
"\"You smell good...you better be careful you might be bit\"... Just another day in Catskill..yikes"
"You Haven't Made Any Real Money, If You Still Make Decisions Based On It!!"
"I love"
"...oh I love this photo shoot already cannot wait to see the final product!"
"I just have to say what u posted about Vickie was right on the ball I applaud you"
"Trucks unloading in NYC!!!Order now and save $50 on travelling and $10 on labor!!!"
"keep posting pls"
"lmao omg I love your family :')"
"I wish they would expand a teeny bit more my way, toward Charles Village! They should connect to and Johns Hopkins."
"Time to get some rest. Pressure washing on the strip late tonight. If those strip solicitors stay out of my way it would be nice."
"W-S Council had three big issues to discuss tonight: Occupy, a parking garage and a rezoning. In all three cases, they voted not to vote."
"Wthr is correct half inch ice in Lapel"
"isnt that why we've kept adam around?"
"If I were the king of Spain I wouldn't be hunting defenseless elephants."
"ohio. im classy asFUCKK"
"Today has been wonderful....We all deserve happiness : )"
": Sorry missed uall 2day. Next 4 sure. Son came by 2do lawn"
"I love working with"
"former? :P"
"kso maybe you wouldn't. But that's what makes us different."
"any chance they emailed you 2 tix?"
"I applied"
"I never meant to make you cry, but tonight, I'm cleaning out my closet."
"Flirtationship: More than a friendship Less than a relationship!"
"Life and Times with Tim is amazing."
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. Einstein"
"Anyone in NYC want to run a slow 6.5 miles with me today?"
"sounds just as good"
"punch drunk from all those rockets she stopped! She's gonna be dizzy for a while!"
"fascinated by debacle... my fellow librarians' naughty bits don't do much for me but i thought we were anti-censorship?"
"We USED to like PFChangs but the one on RT1 #Princeton now tastes like FASTFOOD! What Gives?"
"Everything is falling into place for our first season! Check out www.12peerstheater.org for more information!"
"who else thinks that the first round needs to be a five game series."
"RT : Cowbells ringing and \"SAC-RA-MENT-O\" chants going on in front of Power Balance Pavilion! Let's go!"
"Great workout with Sarah! Lecrae is great to listen to espiecially when running. :)"
"o ok gotcha LOL"
"You're welcome! =)"
"oh i know i win...u shouldnt have even tried to go there wit me and dats dat shit i ws tlkin bout da otha night..i miss u 2"
"I finally feel like a true Asian."
"had a lovely time on IndyStyle this morning! Registration for our 11/6 Etiquette Tea closes at 5!"
"Thanks for the RT, we look forward to seeing you for the 2010 Fiesta!"
"We endorse the Anti Bully movement!!....*_*"
"God give me some strength so I can finish this day....."
"Today is Take Your Daughter to Work day! Did you bring you kid along for the commute today?"
"Do your thang tho. Who am I to say what's good or not. Can't knock the hustle"
"The only real things in my life are my son and two dogs."
"email us at us(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we can give you more details!"
"imfg I'm dying kgonna call you ok"
"awesome picture!"
"Dang...my twitter froze."
"Thanks, Mark!"
"Get your tweets into the running for a pair of VIP tickets! Free food & drinks, parking, great seats, and exclusive party!"
"I don't want that hoe, I want that bitchh."
"now now...be nice."
"Or just jealous! Like me... (wishing I was eating a Tagalong)"
"Was gonna say.. There's no way you, or anyone, is beating AT. ha ha How's the snow? lol"
"I love a man who grills me meat."
"Definitely trapped inside one of those \"is this my life\" moments..."
"not u , I can't even see you when the lights are out...."
"Audition for Ash in Chicago tonight, then off to University of Wisconsin for her performance!"
"RT #LOVE GOD LOVE PEOPLE!! <3 :D"
"so true idk why he got signed in the first place."
"Wish me luck on job hunting today ! :D"
"Chad will sign it"
"had chocolate chile cornbread there last year - ROCKED MY WORLD."
"Best part of the weekend =not setting an alarm"
"Kudos to Whitney Elliott and James Pollard, recipients of Moody/Slaughter scholarships given by W. Baton Rouge Parish Retired Teachers Assn."
"Critical sun band crawl begins in less than an hour. Lefluer 12pm , 1pm , 2pm"
"Don’t let city limits limit your event- Our catering service delivers both within and outside the Portland-Metro area."
"Yes it is! The books are available at the Bookstore.. 1st floor in the general reading section."
"u was acting phony AF, and only wanted to be on yo phone"
"RT : Watching the #GRAMMYs? We're having a great time here putting your tweets up on Grammy.com/Live, powered by !"
"Obsessing over our gold dupioni silk table runners for this weekend's tablescape... they are drool worthy beautiful! <3"
"Amusing artlessness"
"well! You guys rock!"
"Call to make last minute reservations for Meet the Farmers! Featuring , PASA, Clarion River - 412-281-2602"
"we will become the eyes, ears, and consciousness of the universe"
"thank you, appreciate it for sure sir! But just the beginning to bigger things to come..."
"#keepin it clean like a washin machine :) hahahahaha just seen a shirt with that on it !"
"That's great! You should look into the Holocaust Certificate Program at UTDallas or check out websites of the museums"
"hi <3 how was your birthday? :)"
"Happy Birthday to Bobby's. Momma. :-) \": Everyone Lets give Bobbys mama a HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! with....... xxxoooo\""
"“: \"I wasn't that drunk..\"Dude, you hugged an old guy with a white beard and cried, \"DUMBLEDORE, YOU'RE BACK!\"” lol"
"you really should! I was the same way but now I feel so great and it's only my 3rd day!"
"A little brrr and full of smog. LOL :)"
"Lmao I have 19 absences in science."
"Apparently, is back!!!"
"You can't talk basketball until you commit to a team"
"you're the one for me. ♥"
"I love talkin to fine ladies like yourself. Brings a shine to my day :)"
"It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!82"
"Wait, I thought we had real journalists on the xffl beat. Like finding out there's no santa."
"Listening to while writing a speech for school(:"
"I saw a commercial where Zooey Deschanel asked her iPhone if it was raining, while looking out the window. I think I've made my point."
"Wheels up to atlanta, then dc..."
"It's been way too long since I've seen Dave Matthews Band live :( sad"
"feel better soon, one of our workers just got over a bad cold"
"Just made it back from our last Missouri show night of the tour--the cat pee did not defeat us."
"it's been to long since we've talked.."
"Me: (to guest) May I see your ticket? Guest: I'm with the press... Me: I still need to rip your ticket... Guest: Well you can wait!"
"Hmm that piercing wasn't as bad as I thought it would be"
"So full."
"The efficacy of Virginia Tech's \"no weapons allowed\" policy is evident again today. Some people are just slow learners."
"‎\"Resist our tendencies to make right or true that which is merely familiar and wrong or false that which is only strange.\""
"Old Travesty"
"If you're interested in fantasy football check out www.orpster.com. It's a stock market of NFL players."
"Hope everyone has a successful show at Western this week! Cheers!"
"but thinking if EVERYONE is remote, it may just work. going to look into setting up an all remote meetup :)"
"#NFLDraft has to be one of the most unpredictable sports events yet one of the most important. Interested to see how it works out"
"any idea on how to make shrimp chips that puff up?"
"next time..."
"I'm so serious"
"that is a good one."
"I prob was a king in my past life lol"
"Nf Followback please, looking to network"
"Finally 1000 tweets, took me a minute doe"
"Aww I agree RT : My 2012 wish is for to remain real and for me to stop being so fake……I miss her :-\"
"u done.."
"I lead worship at church and with an org called Tres Dias. All volunteer! How to make any sort of living, a great mystery."
"#season Virginia Dazzles this Holiday Season with 100 Miles of Lights"
"Man you gotta re-sign with the Clippers and your homeboy BG32 do it for the fans man!"
"RT Burgertime! Non bovine alt is halved jerk chicken. Africa hot on the wheels. Free watermelon for everyone"
"God Morning! starting my new classes today.. out of my 1st waiting for next to start, then 1 more afterwards"
"WI needs more money 4 financial aid-- the WHEG runs out every year. Just found some: $25 million in the WTG. Stop funding privates."
"thx for spreading the word! :)"
"Where are the \"cultural kitchens\" in #DC? We have plenty of cooks...we need spaces that inspire creative action"
"If chick living in the woods didn't get a ticket she could have started an \"Occupy American Idol\" movement."
"Eenie mini miny mo catch a tiger"
"Our new video will be freshly posted on Youtube sooner than later today!! We'll have it linked to the page! Thank ya'll for the support!!"
"I was wondering if it was too loud for your 4 year old. The theater I visited actually blew out its speakers."
"To choose the best floor, employ the best technology... ur EYES!!!"
"The entire site is tea photos! No offense taken....definitely a visual link!"
"Lol my parents are calling Josh Hutcherson their son-in-law."
"I didn't get tickets:((I am crying now"
"when what happens?"
"\"You are the beauty in the dark...\""
"A bit quiet here at El Cento HQ. Some things and shows are percolating. And some writing. But most importantly the coffee is percolating."
"You should've been here! We are having a blast!"
"I feel like I drank a bottle of Felix Felicis this morning."
"in my cubicle, monster in hand, computer in front, in my ears"
"if Lebron missed those shots like Kobe everyone would be talking shit.. So I am too about Kobe"
"great verse on that Get Her on mixtape produced by the homie hope to hear calabo with ja rule when he get out"
"so lovin DC right now relaxin with my hunny bun"
"thanks! we should catch up in the next couple weeks"
"On this Easter weekend pretty sure a world without chips & salsa would be called hell"
"o for reals?D: sucks wat grade r u iin?"
": Thanks, Elle! Back-atcha! Glad I was able to make some sense."
"LOL too much I cant breath... :D"
"Yes ma'am! You can certainly pick up a friend's race packet. FYI: girls will get packets from their coaches on race day."
"Just saw Stefano from American Idol perform in the Mix 96.1 Muve Music Lounge...damn, dude can SING. Pretty impressed!"
"Condit won the fight but lost me as a fan. He fought to win and succeeded, but I like fighters that fight to finish."
"On a lighter note, OT in"
"my office is quite full!"
"Newark DNP Parking committee meeting under way."
"Now watching the #GossipGirl finale let's see....."
"I don't remember signing in?!"
"#WhereHaveYouBeen on ! #HappyFriday what do you want to hear?"
"i know i'm a couple minutes behind, but WHOA! now i see why ben kept courtney around. she looks so similar to his sister. WEIRD!!!"
"Carlos Pena is starting off the season on fire!"
"I know. Too long! Everything is good. Have a wonderful Holiday season. :-)"
"that text i just got smh"
"#sljsummit The print vs digital debate in SL land is a bit like the information literacy vs transliteracy debate. Long live transliteracy"
"no you are mistaken. it's #swagsquad *moving my arms in an S motion both ways*"
"Whoever just threw a fucking burger at me is a fucking pussy"
"The #stopkony video at ~40 mil views - luv seeing the power of video combined w/ internet smarts making a diff in the world!"
"NEXT YEAR FOR SURE!!!!! .. Thanks for being a #UFL and #Nighthawks supporter!"
"With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,"
"the only safe place is here now...."
"that wallpaper just needs to be retweeted by you and then go download the wallpaper from your retweet... It works"
"Ya..so both my livers are probably full of lokos, vodka, and high gravity. And my lungs of wicked Dank"
"When girls try to act all bad, like really ? #Grow up"
"Bro I got some DJ gigs available with my company...Paid Travel to Miami, St.Louis, Cali, etc. etc....On Weekends....Get @ me"
"Woooh no school for me"
"You know the new music video Christian is in? You should follow the singer in it! :]"
"pitch by my doorstep. Singin' sweet songs. Of melodies pure and true. Saying'------"
"Fck that hoe ass nigga. He can suck a mean sick dick for all I care."
"Monthly 941 payroll taxes are due on the 15th...grace period until Monday the 17th since the 15th is on a Saturday....don't forget to pay!"
"yes I am an actor. I'm just getting my feet wet with if Hough if you know what I mean. I got a great coach and had various parts"
"When forgets to shave me... and do it. To be honest, they do a better job."
"Jon Gruden likes this pick. Which pick? Every single pick made tonight."
"thanks b-sack ill tell you al about it :*"
"pro tip: CSU is on ESPN U ....though Drexel is taking it to them pretty good. lol"
"Is it Braun and Rodgers related?"
"live DJs at regency ballroom for halloween! think about it!! matt has an extra ticket"
"yea I know. I have gotten any news since"
"don't worry you're here, been watching videos on YouTube of ya lol. Love the transformers and janelle Monae inspired video"
"Good lord. RT : #ipad now accounts for 89% of #mobile shopping revenue (via #marketingcharts)."
"Why the fuck it loks like a bunch of feathers put on her head. It loks cool but at the same time she looks like a fool RT"
"yes! Thx man"
"#spc2012 Now Glynn Edwards on Stanford's Digital Archives Program. More great info. Productive Saturday morning! :)"
"Holiday Pick-Up Line: If you jingle my bells I can promise you a white Christmas."
"honey roasted peanuts&pretzels<3"
"I dunno why I even try anymore... As if it ever ends up how I imagine"
"Get n Ready to Head to Da Studio"
"That sounds so nice. I need to commandeer a laptop"
"Sometimes I never fail to be amazed.."
"Leftover from #freegamefriday - one more copy of Nuclear Dawn -- Tweet for your chance to snag it!"
"Good stick to what you know and #Text me Niggaaah!!"
"so that you will possibly be prompted to follow back :)"
"Great thing 'bout God is He puts you exactly where in the Universe you need to be... like on a southern tree-lined pool patio with the boys."
"#RT NEED A NEW BOYFRIEND"
"Im bout to step up in this all white party. Shut'n it down."
"what?? Is that even a possibility??"
"What TV show would you MOST want to be on?"
"Get to sipping big man...you've got some writing to do this weekend!"
"That's right Bibby!"
"did u see rondo threaten the tnt cameraman? Had to be restrained."
"And the nigga that set him up got a price on his head"
"Gettin my hair did ;$"
"Do we see eye too eye ???"
"I wished for a cute guy to call me. My brother called. I need to be more specific next time..."
"LOVE the men's photography!"
"Bradford Morrow talks about THE DIVINER'S TALE on the next Avid Reader."
"Our next two shows: Friday August 5 @ Uncommon Ground in Wrigleyville, & Thursday August 18 @ Fitzgerald's in Oak Park!"
"Look in my favorites.."
"what are you talking about? He's great!"
"Thanks again :D <3"
"oh that suck:( haha your allready tan!:)"
"seems to be a common theme among responses.. OK read but awful writing"
"foxnews.com - just as out of touch with the rest of the world as their news crew - wow, who the hell architected that piece of crap?"
"yeah I lol'd p hard at that one"
"Tune in to this weekend during the News Talk 820 AM morning show to hear John Pendolino's feature story on our upcoming exhibition!"
"Christ, as a light illumine and guide me. Christ, as a shield overshadow me. Christ under me; Christ over me; /RT"
"Leave a love note. Something specific you love about your spouse. \"Your recipe for pancakes\" or \"the way you look at me\"."
"Happy to announce that we just finished working on a landing page for Geneva Worldwide. Take a look! The folks at Geneva Worldwide were gre…"
"Good morning! Happy Mum's Day! (:"
"Thanks dude!"
"shuttle bus on the track?"
"I do like you on face book, you guys have a Great Week End and be safe!!"
"Congrats on the TEDx!!!"
"that's funny and offense SHOULD be taken. good one Espi."
"it's the who gives a flying #### bowl!"
"Face is sun burnt woke up and eyes were swollen"
"well, im putting him on second string, it's my time now...."
"Can you imagine the results you would experience if you would turn fear and skepticism into productive action? Just begin with one thing!"
"lol get out of here, your so far away:("
"Glad to hear it! Where's you're husband? We could use his support too ;) Thanks for following and thanks more for caring!"
"started the morning with Space Mountain 2x, Nemo, Autopia, AstroBlasters, Indiana Jones, ate a huge turkey leg, then hangin' at pool..."
"Well, I guess it's that time, twits."
"erm your fan one :)"
"I really don't wanna get into this I'm crying enough!"
"old linkin park >>"
"WHAT? boo. i'm gonna be stuck with a load of 90s-era \"on the internet nobody knows you're a dog\" articles on digital identity."
"Hope everyone had a great weekend!"
"NBA TRIVIA What team did Wilt Chamberlain finish his NBA career with?"
"If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble. -Moliere"
"THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT ONE!"
"lol... i just read on twitter earlier that they think it could be the same person, but i would think it's too early to tell."
"I'm in London for family visiting; happy it coincides with #sexualcultures conference (assuming I'll be able to register onsite...)"
"I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger"
"I love Seinfeld"
"nah man ... Seriously shes been after a nigga for a minute ... But, I cant do that to my wife broseph lol"
"With you i'd dance in a storm in my best dress, fearless<3"
"How much freedom do individual teachers have about how to teach about the Holocaust? How many choose their own texts?"
"Hey! I recognize some people in that video! lol"
"I hope this twin of mine have no enemies out here cause everbody greeting me as \"Mathew I see u been hitting the gym hard!!!!! \" Lol"
"“: #StarSignFacts: The perfect career choice for Gemini would be a journalist.”"
"per \"Where are all the women...\" Tweet, we'll have to get Julie Nielsen of involved next time."
"Interesting. You mean that b/c CD is easier challenger than NF or bc you'd prefer CD as mayor? NF is much more mod correct?"
"would need the dual-ply #shamwow for this mess!!"
"Recommends campuses find a way to send students to IA, too."
"Whelp. I think I've expressed myself quite enough today.."
"Some great feedback to kick off our week: User #1: They actually make you feel that the feedback you’re providing is useful and helpful!"
"Y u wish to play with me go to bed"
"thug ass taylor"
"pussy so good.make u smack ya lips"
"it's my friday!"
"are you done with youtube?"
"Congrats! Class of 2012!"
"The dough is ready! I´m ready to fill this calzone!"
"That earth quake is crazy. Never say never."
"if you think your being cute, your not."
"#breakfast #wrkoutflow #barbershop....I GRIND ...SUPERMAN...BARBER BY DAY...DJ BY NIGHT THIS IS TYSO!"
"Great time at"
"that's good!(:"
"Comps have been sent in for repair. Footage and pending posts were saved but need to be re-edited. :-("
"Having dinner w/#notacon medic team."
"Back to work after a great NCDD Summer Session at Harvard University"
"Drew: I wet my pants and have changed so I can do it again when Kansas loses. You with me?"
"oh I'm sure it was - gotta love Monday mornings"
"thanks to and all the volunteers and participants we had lots of fun again this year"
": Wow - talk about windy! The good news is, the wind will be gone tomorrow, just in time for Holiday Stroll. And maybe snow"
"Oh Jeeze. Family Drama."
"Today I am detoxing bad things out of my boady I am very toxic so fuck irion man 3 toxic man part 1 staring sean stewart rite"
"“Things may come to those who wait...but only the things left by those who hustle.” Abraham Lincoln"
"Checking the inside covers of my deathly hallows book to make sure it wasn't all a dream :)"
"That concludes futurist David Houle's presentation at All City. Stunning!"
"I admit it. I am powerless over creative pursuits. I am a junkie with no desire to get clean. You do NOT want to see me dry out."
"You know what they say; Picture or it Didnt happen, lol. Happy Friday"
"“: Oh, you like chewing on ice? Can you chew a little louder please, I can't hear it very well.” your girl...hahah"
"I figured that lol, its always dyin"
"they go thru a lot on the show. Ima say some prayers."
"I have been inspired to GO SOLAR!! I will spread the word to increase the importance of renewable energy."
"Mister Fister. Tigers on Big Fox."
"My engine is fueled on sorrow and alcohol, and I prefer that both be inexpensive."
"I am probably the only person on the planet that would get excited about a junky flip phone."
"I miss hugs."
"Thanks for the follow dude!"
"I basically slept for 2 hours because it was too hot to do anything"
"shot his hand off MF ing gangsta"
"Talk about something really important to you with someone. There's no way you could be bored when you're doing that."
"Sad news, friends. No Bar Bacon this month."
"Rio Rancho schools closed again today. ..as is APS mountain schools. I-25 closed South of ABQ Belen to Cruces."
"Don't open an email from me that has a blank subject & apparently says I'm a \"work at home mum.\" That's news to me! Sorry. Stupid spam!"
"where you live?"
"It's cool! Don't reply t(-.-t"
"Hey dood thought I saw you. You around tomorrow?"
"Watching Charlie's Angels 2 on TV :)"
"that picture u posted yesterday sis."
"No sir!"
"thank you for being a loving man who lives as he educates."
"I did at some point last night, surprised he won that big, he's heavily favored to take the seat in November"
"lol, it's funny watchin a nigga who doesn't know what he's doing (me) trying to work this. What's new?"
"It's like they want him to fail and fuel the \"anti-tiger\" fire."
"Photobomber Trolls Tourists at Leaning Tower of Pisa [VIDEO]"
"Pasona Group Inc. a Japanese staffing firm has increased sales 3% for its first fiscal quarter."
"62 & sunny at Grove today...along with $3.75 glasses of Viognier all day...their might be an impromptu patio party. Someone bring a guitar."
"I was totally thinking cookies."
"Freeling better. Ready to work on my new album.The falling snow has inspired me."
"email me for free promo codes for instant santa Thanks for the tweet and selecting us as app of the week!"
"Hi all my new followers!!! Thank you!!"
"I'm doing just fine."
"Sometimes the one you \"want\" is not necessarily the one you \"need\"."
"that is a tough call..."
"Appreciate it, Coach! Miss yall! Hope to join you for some golf in a few months!"
"My phone won't charge ): stupid #blackberry . #iwant an #iPhone now."
"thanks Kelly! I'm editing some pictures now that you could use. where can I email them?"
"Getting my NYE on The news never sleeps party people!"
"Marlee you should write that yourself"
"Running through this setlist at work. Niggas prolly think I'm talking to myself"
"Around 6am with good tunes, friends, and booze, one persons name always comes up in conversation Just ask"
"- It's a great feeling to find ones u admire on Twitter. Took some searching but I was so glad to find both of you:)"
"thanks you too."
"just pop culture. Haha!"
"Adam Jones homer, one of the best centerfielders in the game"
"you would have enjoyed seeing me park lol"
"did u post anything about the #feminismLIS unconference ?cheers all thx"
"Ugh haomework is hard!"
"You kind of did. Didn't you take on like a dozen ninjas in a warehouse full of trampolines?"
"Hello to our new followers! &"
"I'm on twitter, so if you have one, you can tweet me! Fallow me ;)"
"Of all kitchens I've taken pics in or restaurants I've enjoyed, 's is the most gracious and kind. Excellent meal!"
"Reason #768 that we are museum geeks and not mammal specialists: we just learned that our sweet kitten is a GIRL. Isaacetta?"
"hm what to do what to do..?"
"Janet Leigh. Look at you, a hoddie with a boddie"
"Mr. Belding! I knew he looked familiar and couldn't quite place it."
"No problem! You guys make life so much easier for PR students at my university."
"so go make me a sammich an hold the rat poison ;) hahaha"
"Screening Zombie Rocker @ The Saturday Nightmares Expo NJ today!"
"Good Vibe in Globe today...not to hot or windy"
"When I 'm with you, it's like nothing else in the world matters :) I get butterflies just thinking about you babe:)♥"
"Good morning! Thought for today: Set a goal so big God himself will have to intervene in order for you to achieve it!!!"
"Yes! Putting this in my \"ideas to pilfer\" files."
"why is it that you have to so busy minding my business? got nothing to do ah?."
"Wondering what the Line will be when we play Lions for Bears to knock Matt Stafford out for t season for the 3rd year in a row?"
"PS people with my number - phone = dead"
"If only u were in the Dallas area"
"Lmfao okay she's angry"
"If this weather gets any shittier, I think I'm gonna cry. Listening to the Sinatra hour."
"Preparing to purchase the biggest milk bone in the world"
"I want some chocolate. Sean send me an email at and I will hook u up :)"
"I can't believe OKC is gonna do Dallas like this."
"The burning shame of 14 losing seasons wilts most men. I'm 82% animatronics/military plastics and impervious to anything but nuclear war."
"7th for the ultra bubble"
"got alot done on our routine (:"
"why nt share wth women hw nt to fall for the samething Eve did she did not realize she was already what he said!"
"you already snow"
"I'm so lame."
"What do you get when you cross a Unicorn with a Cow?"
"Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week. ~Joseph Addison"
"feedtime. My ears are ringing."
"It's been hours and I STILL have the images of that chapter in my head. Total chaos and my heart just sank. A total nightmare!"
"ya but my friend comes over and helps(: so I don't have to by myself"
"Boom RT : \"Free Sean Payton\"? From what, his ego?"
"my bad not tuna commercial. Smh."
"wonderful show the little kid was cute"
"go die."
"Aw:) Nikki looks normal in this video!"
"first cooking class/Bible storytelling night with the Iraqi Muslim ladies in our complex!! so excited to see how the Lord works :)"
"i've already read through it and my files are not corresponding how they should. there are still duplicates"
"hey morning"
"nice... and now they're fucking."
"So weird. I'm getting password errors for my FTP with Transmit and FireFTP, but I can log in just fine with Coda. What the heck."
"RT : Joining Paul Allen on tomorrow at 10:55. Always an adventure & cool to be on with PA."
"Well new followers....join Allegro Dance Co in Clarksburg WV on Sept 4 3:15 on the main stage! Yes another Italian festival :)"
"It must be a great feeling knowing how loved you are everywhere!"
"entertaining my visiting parents and enjoying 6 days off. Sweet."
"Very PROUD to be performing at the HARD ROCK IMPROV on Wednesday, April 18th - NOT an Open Mic - It's Showcase - Will be a great show -"
"How strange is it that I, at almost 60 yo, am really (REALLY) enjoying the stabbing and mutilation of stage combat?"
"#TRUE YOU WOULDN'T WANA LOOSE YA NETWORK...."
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I'm so fuckin dead"
"Sorry for the mass posting! Our blog just spit out all of our posts as Twitter updates. *oops*"
"Body Aching And Shit !"
"THEY ARENT REALLY TOGETHER!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Some dreams stay dreams, some dreams come true!"
"buy a Reds one at Dicks."
"That's an extensive chalkboard menu they've got there"
"Wanting to open all the window and listen to the sound of the ocean...."
"I sure will. Does anyone have any NYC hotel recommendations for ?"
"just woke up from my nap and I had a dream about #Beignets! Clearly a fat girl moment, I wonder if the hot sign is on at Krispy Kreme?"
"Will you be tweeting #ahcj12 this weekend?"
"Countown to St. Patty's begins! Our first year being in the parade!"
"I love checking everything off my to-do list with an hour left to my day...time to peruse the blogosphere"
"Thought provoking quote! RT A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer. ~Robert Frost"
"Watchinq Baby Boy. Havnt saw this movie nd Years.!"
"WISH I HAD MY OWN PERSONAL BLUNT ROLLER RIGHT NW"
"E! is making me tear up lmao"
"I start reading someone's tweet, then quit because I'm too lazy to read it.."
"it was 60 today. When u coming back?"
"Where did you hear that?"
"Got our first fresh brussel sprouts at the farmer's market!"
"u to emotional fa me right now. But Dat shit is a song on da damn 50cent movie freak."
"Next step - get a brilliant #agent!"
"cool. i'll check it out."
"babies are ugly as shit."
"I saw two great #streetart pieces this morning. Stay tuned for pics to follow this afternoon!"
"so close to #12k:)"
"I have never seen so much traffic"
"DRUDGE SIREN! Romney supports gay couple adoption and didn't know what homosexuality was back in the 60s."
"Pinterest Tracking Tool that strengthens personalization, identifies customer influence & monetizes activity...."
"Kick back with our specialty flavor- sangria!"
"I take my skills check offs on May 14th, and May 19th I take National Registry... So that means May 20th, you can call me Medic Lucky :)"
"you were hilarious! Yes, I would. What time does it start?"
"Are you a total shoe girl? Why or why not?"
"marvin - how would one get deafhood classes here in Rochester?"
"Successful lake weekend w/ & So much fun!"
"man y'all shit is throwed man I definetly like tha beats who does tha production"
"Real PR Media cutting its fees by nearly 50% for 2012! Let us know if you'd like news coverage. We have the best contacts in the news media!"
"Right back at cha, cowboy."
"\"Train a child in the way he should go, an when he is old he will not turn from it.\" - Proverbs 22:6"
"yup! In the 5th ward!"
"What do you mean?"
"When your secretly racing the person driving next to you LOL!"
"Weekend is almost here"
"sent a message to update w/ 2 #'s. why... We have a booking 4 talent worth $7,000 & they still haven't picked up the phone. Nuff Said!"
"Olly Murs has such a nice bum!"
"Who is the most timeless musician of all time?"
"Dogs are miracles with paws. ~Attributed to Susan Ariel Rainbow Kennedy"
"RT : There is no job so simple that it can not be done wrong."
"I may or may not have encouraged it. ;)"
"that's was beautiful!! OHMYGOSH your so good! dang your room is so packed :o"
"of course :)"
"Tila will win"
"is stubhub legit?"
"So many great ways for actors to network and meet stellar industry people - The Actors Network rocks."
"listed on our cd and spread to our fans as \"The exclusive provider for our live event t-shirts\""
"Finding #balance somewhere between found drinks and the"
"happy ROCKTOBERFEST! who will we see at the Bluestone tonight?"
"send me that discography ASAP"
"I was just there last weekend. :-)"
"If you get preggers out of Christlock, you should deal with whatever consequences such as breast cancer you get. Good for #SusanKomen!!!"
"hey Tracy, any big reason I have been on 167N from Kent to 405 for an hour? Gotta get to Redmond still :-("
"Is there anywhere anyone's been dying to try??"
"I am going to stop trying to control the uncontrollable and it’s all uncontrollable. Go for the better feeling now, give up the struggle."
"I'm going with family I'll be back in a few years once I'm out of school though just to go out and hopefully go to tomorrowland!"
"They all operate on about 1/5 of the manpower remotely necessary for smooth operation, for one."
"lets all get up and dance to a song that was a hit before your mother was born"
"Already RT : thanks for the follow"
"Happy Summer all!"
"sadly, i reward myself with writing after a good twitter session."
"Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.... /:"
"We apologize for not answering! Next time you order we'll give you some free knots or Cannoli. Thanks for trying us!"
"White people call us Hispanics, we r not from Spain (Hispania), most of us are Native & African descendants. RT We?"
"Numbers lie on a fairly regular basis. Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics."
"Sanchez starting for KC tomorrow"
"When you google \"competitive cyclist\" (a high-end bike e-tailer), my team's site is on the 1st page of results. Nice seo work, guys."
"Wow. This 55-inch LG OLED TV gets close to indistinguishable-from-magic status."
"Early Bird Special ends August 1st! Only 10 more days to get in at a HUGE DISCOUNT off the at-the-door price!"
"#ohio does it again! Off to #ncaa #sweet16 after beating south fla"
"ay let me kno if u find that. I need some."
"Being interviewed Monday April 30th @ 8pm on FIrst World Radio. Talking #Mixtapes, mix-tapes and 90s alt-rock culture."
"“The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time”"
"Thank you, , for having a strong record and belief in supporting a woman's right to choose"
"RT:We giving out the Last 500 Turkey Coupons Southside Cricket store 1006 SW Military Dr with 98.5 The Beat"
"#TGTSpectacular Target is not welcome in San Francisco!!!!"
"I saw the movie, it was quite intriguing. I liked it.(:"
"if you're not in my circle, you're a square"
"lmao when yall coming to the north"
"- my anniversary from going into remission - How awesome is that....thanks for sharing."
"Get your Nov calendar ready! Hum along with the Metuchen Library Friends & Karen Luschar's \"Songs of Broadway\" Sun Nov 6 2P 480 Middlesex"
"OK, who was making broccoli & cheese soup in the microwave at 8:40 in the morning?"
"New police search fri and sat for missing NJ girl will be area where her car was found running in park."
"Bout to unload at !!!"
"Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper....."
"You left the freezer door open this morning and the ice cream is melting. Quick, leave work NOW!"
"Integrity is the lifeblood of effective leadership."
"lmao I no what a polo is ! I'll pick something ill out next time"
"I think my account has been hacked-yikes! Please know I do not send spam."
"ever since i read a book that a clown killed a boy i've been afraid of clowns :( and i was 5 yrs old when i read this"
"#HEYU keep doing that"
"cups of the XO."
"Amazing! Congrats!!! “: Thrilled to say I'm moving to Dubai this summer to cover #Iran for Somebody pinch me!”"
"Uncovering the roots of bitterness and shame is hard to do. But it is a necessary step for you as you move to"
"Future development of DM: collection management, create collaborative layers of info, users & groups, export options."
"... Sorry for party rocking. #AssembleTheMongos!"
"@ wOrK, way to0 eArLy! thaNk gOd 2M0Ro iS fRiDay, 3day weEkeNd, wo0Oo0....!"
"Just went to see dark shadows"
"Hi Susan, thanks for the follow. We hope you will join us for Green Drinks GSO on 9/21 at 5:30 at The Green Bean."
"NOW you're thinking out of the box! :D"
"yes it would be <333 and I would love for you to join me on a cover so let's figure out some time to get together and practice!!"
"Fuck my car got stolen last night ."
"I found a picture of you in 6th !"
"If you email me the video @ I will upload it for you on the backend. Sorry for the hassle sandy"
"follow us on twitter"
"YES! dude if i were your age i would be partying with them! haha your lucky!!!;D"
"*Yawns* Give it up, already."
"happy birthday geo hope you have a great birthday and #ThankYouGeo hope you live to be 2590065820260 years old"
"25% of the sweet 16 teams are from Ohio."
"the legend is the only person seeing the muppets with Sarah"
"Thanks for score!"
"You have been a great Captain on a great team. Really a pleasure to watch this year."
"“: how goes the biggest loser competition?” Down a couple lb's but eating/working out HARD. Caring mostly about bf%."
"I hope this type of repair is temporary. PG&E is so enamored with \"standards\" I'm surprised this is allowed."
"Don't wait until you no longer have your health before you appreciate the priceless value of good health."
"Thank you!! RT : I just seen ya video's on youtube ur verses is sick keep up the work hun"
"On the way to Prestonsburg with the Democratic ticket. Last stop of the day-- the Paintsville DQ. Snickers or Oreo Blizzard?"
"You don't believe in Jesus? You will on Judgment Day."
"Love it when A-Roid looks like a Fool!!!"
"- 2007 Miami Heat"
"Need a Lift? Okay....we have something for you then!"
"Is it more film or print work? I could not tell what try2dudgeme was about. Can you tell me? Aaron"
"Kim is obviously my favorite since she's my dear cousin.. But comes in a close second!"
"Mord Fustang tonight @ Neon in Phoenix....this guy IS electro!"
"FIRST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL WAS FUN:D I MADE NEW FRIENDS:)"
"- Text me?"
"Can't wait to dance with the Sr. tomorrow! Love and miss you guys....."
"i like when i see people true colors"
"Playing poker, in the top 4 and already got 3 bounties"
"Not sure Seth. He did go on to mention that UK would play in the title game against the Cuse."
"U.S. Economic Growth Slows to 2.2% Rate, Report Says Gross domestic product grew at an annualized rate of 2.2 percent, easing from the pr"
"no more mike? Fox dropped mike for him? I think im gonna start watching 9news now."
"and they're back. i can breath again"
"YO!!! Eric, how's that IronMan training going???"
"Book read, now just need to write last book review of the year. Rev'd 8 books in the last year--might take a little break after this."
"i'm doin good, what's new :)?"
"you're such a good friend lawren. Now lets go fuck some bitches up."
"Wen u on that thick life everyone real nicee"
"You Smile I smile"
"Facebook users can find us at ... facebook.com/Orangegroves"
"My battery is at 50% & its barely gonna be lunch."
"Everybody meet on the 1st floor of the UC tomorrow morning. Buses will be leaving at 7:30am sharp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No exceptions"
"Follow me on my journey to see if I can become Spike TV's next Ink Master. Had the casting call today in NYC."
"\"It's such an interesting world. It wouldn't be half so interesting if we know all about everything... There'd be no scope for imagination.\""
"This is like those vodka tampons all over again. Kids these days..."
"Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. ~ Pat Riley"
"What could the Met's new Web site be doing better? The Met invites you to share your ideas."
"Reading Catching Fire (second book of The Hunger Games), drinking wine and cuddling with my two kitties... I love being a female! :)"
"Thanks to all who attended tonight's event featuring AD Larry Williams! Great to connect with so many."
"he's single"
"Cary Grant Film Series to Debut - Barrington, RI Patch"
"Tip 1 for succeeding in China: Secure a joint venture (JV) partner in China."
"Want more water...to lazy to go downstairs"
"and that they have truly understand their responsibility if/when they do ask for help"
"that was my jam RT“: #RnBThrowBacks - Nelly ft Kelly Rowland - Dilemma”"
"OMG no! It's the #1 goal of nearly all my clients! I can't believe how quickly it's overtaken \"be a bestseller\"."
"Finishing up some work and settling in for some Murder She Wrote. Yeah, Im cool like that."
"GottA love life man, gotta love liFe...."
"'twas the night before College Fashion Week!"
"Police Chief Flynn statement: \"bonds of trust\" between officers and the community \"will be frayed\" if residency requirement is lifted."
"Hola! Set your goals and stop at nothing till you reach em. If you fall down get back up!"
"Could I plead w/ you to bring back a ?!? Besides Ithaca brewery, you have Mendocino,Saranac,Adirondack,Lake Placid.."
"“: RT : Watchin Con-Air⬅he's got the whole world in his hands”LMAO, he was awesome in that role!"
"No worries! Keep up the fantastic work!"
"soo heres my plan for my birthday.. getting the industial piercing, my second hole, and my cartilage done. !"
"Almost recovered from epic RBMS/ALA conference week. Vague memories of great conversations and new ideas emerging from the jetlag fog..."
"Having dinner with my mother at her school reunion."
"What treats or deserts have you made out of Medifast products?"
"Our internet services are not working again. What is matter????."
"Sen. Hopper looks like he is going insane"
"oh you got jokes! Ehh? :-p"
"Tonight was crazy. Good night world."
"Happy Birthday to and I love you guys!!! Hope your day was fantastic:-)"
"most males dnt care bout how dey treat women due to selfishness"
"Both Of Us Remix is gonna be FLAWLESS (: :)"
"Give a follow. He's live-tweeting the press conference right now"
"follow back"
"Hahahaha my cousins land lord found my shit after how many days we left that must of stunk I kinda feel bad now"
"Waiting for The Game to come on. They been gone for too long"
"pure. I think the big question is, How the heck a big corp doesn't have major protection on their computers & files! Lol"
"Add WA and OR!"
"so we need to get dinner or coffee before you leave."
"how hard was it 4 u 2 switch record labels early in ur career not knowing what would happen?? I'm in the same boat, I need advice!! XO"
"Whats the point of getting my hopes up if you crush them every time."
"haha I haven't a clue. I hope not."
"you hoopin tonight"
"yes that better to sleep untile tonight we have one more night duty ...."
"#3WordsOfAdvice GET A LIFE"
"Happy birthday to the GOAT.."
"Merry Christmas n.n!!"
"their loss mane"
"Road trip to Glendale w/ the kiddies. Going 2 Barnes & Noble 2 pick up a copy of Revolutionary Suicide."
"Flyers didn't skate at all at the end of that game. Didn't deserve to win."
"Waiting for at the castleton square mall. So excited."
"Does anybody else get 'followers' that unfollow you a day later when you dont follow back???"
"It's your birthday in Paris!! I think that counts double! Joyeaux Anniversaire!"
"Wow my car battery died"
"voting is from sunday to thursday so vote as many times as you can and show support!!"
"actually no, Nokia flip phone."
"Bright Ideas Electric would like to wish all the mommies out there a Happy Mother's Day! We hope you all had a wonderful Day!"
"Great benefit last night for the Wistar Institute on Penn's campus. Private research institute invented rabies, german measles vaccine"
"If anyone needs me, I'll be curled up in the fetal position 'til next season."
"When you accomplish something awesome, do you fist pump even though no-one is around? I do. ...tiger woods style."
"what kind of guests are you looking for?"
"St Paddy's Day Green Flavor ! Get you some-"
"Making Beautiful Maps tech workshop at #esriuc genuinely impressing me with ArcMap cartographic capabilities. Gotta start my course."
"I have heard you need to watch several shows and then it gets much better. I stopped after two. Painfully boring"
"If this was 1991 I'd be say \"boy this gas sure getting kind of high for $0.85\""
"ill dm it to you now"
"I know so you will get the news first lol"
"Mr Kenny has had too much Christmas cake"
"Got a budget for the lawyer tho..."
"Do U want us to post UR U-Swirl pictures on our social media? Email any pictures U have to & we will put them up ASAP!"
"CM Punk vs. Daniel Bryan for the WWE Championship at Over The Limit? I APPROVE! OH I APPROVE!"
"TWEETERING NOW FROM GOOGLE DRIVE AS SOON AS GOOGLE DRIVE LETS ME USE GOOGLE DRIVE"
"Another baby in the movie theater!!! SMH"
"no interview?"
"The World Health Organization went on high alert, dispatching top experts to the United States and Mexico"
"i'd be sad if they didn't go though"
"Also excited as the new 2011 frame design is now ready. pics to follow."
"Amazes me every day! RT : Seriously. How is it that people have an unlimited supply of stupidity."
"Sittin in ap and the omg girls came on kinda funi to see evrybodi's face"
"Tori Amos just said, \"Sup?\" on this live album."
"I suppose solution, def nt d contrary."
"#NOWPLAYING timbaland feat. Drake say something"
"I like this idea a LOT!! :)"
"Ok the opera singing guy on made me tear up"
"... Karaoke at Spaghetti Benders; The Current at Dingbats ..."
"Um, does anybody watch #MyCrazyObsession on TLC? The husband and wife who collect #CabbagePatchDolls scare me! O_O"
"Officially done with gateways. Free at last!"
"Excited for trip to Seattle! #AmexVirginAmer thanks and"
"and now I know what's been wrong with me all this time! :)"
"+!|~|+ VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM"
"James Home at Google would be the one to know about this."
"When it comes to music you know a lot of Shit....I've been listening to the Blue all day...Keep killin it Sabzi!"
"Connect In My World.{}"
"how you doing?(:"
"The Archives Fair and Lecture Series has been a huge success! Thanks to all those that attended."
"Florida Gator shirts are like Lacoste shirts on roids."
"#WeWontWorkOutIf you're not down with RT"
"To cure the world RT : What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?"
"Where's for this party? She needs to come to !"
"she wasn't like going hard but I mean shaken baby syndrome and all that shit? Anyway on a lighter note I miss you guys haha"
"Is it bad that I'd rather watch the Barcelona game on tv instead of Obama speaking at my school in person?"
"Thanks for the RT (sorry for the delayed thx)"
"Follow. Us on MySpace.com/wilsonhotamales"
"The trending topics have sucked lately smh"
"thank you so much!"
"Just woke up and thought to myself, \"Wow...what a great day to be a genius.\" I'd love to hear how I've inspired YOU today?"
"#FF who was a birthday girl this week!"
"is it the achievement gap that generates passion?"
"What? It's Monday again? ? *sigh* Why is it Monday does that when Friday takes so long to show up? :-("
"ahha you didnt have to do that!"
"looks interesting!"
"INTERNSHIP: Mass spectrometry, Smithsonian's Museum Conservation Institute (Suitland, MD) Possible stipend. Contact"
"Oh fuck. No ride today. Gotta wait at school..."
"I never have, but I know I could. Do that all the time. 1st half of 1 word, part of the next"
"We are the only table at middle eastern tapas brunch. Go figure. #weremember #9/11"
"MAn I loved shooting Diane Schuur!"
"💰 can't buy your 💜cause it's overpriced"
"Congrats on the BIG win tonight!! Awesome Shutout Victory!!"
"Hello vase man."
"Endless reports of crashes, rollovers and ditched cars in southeast Aurora. Avoid Ponderosa Trail Drive. Take it slower, folks."
"He is! The class is super chill, and the concepts are easy to understand - it's just time consuming reading for it. :P"
"Surprise DJ set tonight feeling good, will channel through turntables and out speakers tonight!"
"the 'box kind of freaks me out cause it is a basement dive bar. It also has little to no good beer. :) but the girls rock."
"I still can't believe Eva Longoria and Tony Parker are getting a divorce! What has the world come to?!?!"
"“: in sorry you can't have me lol” Trippin. I can.! :)"
"#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand \"Can you even reach the pedals?\" \"Oh she got jokes, yeah i can reach the pedals...i think?\""
"And of course, the point of my account's existence."
"RT : Who is attending #EarthDay celebration on Sunday?! #car2go will be there!"
"found some nice pictures you took at lunch today :')"
"and tweeting so much #NewMusic we had to tear down a virtual wall just to fit them in!"
"Tons of celebrities expected in #DC this week for MLK dedication ceremony"
"Wow. Glad you sent. I caught wind via another route - see next tweets."
"R.I.P silkie Dee..."
"Tonight at Sports, don't miss $3 Bacardi and Jim Beam!"
"It's always \"something\"// I stopped a car 2 days ago>I was walking>the driver was about to pull into street w/coffee ON ROOF! !"
"♬I want a girl with a short skirt and a long, long jacket♬"
"haha that's what you get when you hit saturday instead of sunday on scheduling a post! It was fun though!"
"morning already... time goes by when you're having fun.... off to make breakfest for ALL THE TEENS....EXPRESSO TIME!!!!!!!!"
"First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies."
"Love hanging with at Leadership CA"
"thatd be awesome! lets see what u got!"
"wow now that is crazy! doing well my friend, working hard trying to have fun!"
"Archers of Loaf show in 2011 features pretty much the same guy/girl ratio and flannel/non ratio as it did in 1993."
"Strike The Shepherd & The Sheep Will Scatter: A Real Boss Power Move!"
"Two people i miss the most and You guys are always there for me! I really love and miss you guys. #Loveyouguys"
"I can;t find it o3o"
"Ray Davison brings me such joy and holiday cheer."
"I love it."
"\"I once thought insects would inherit the Earth, now I think metadata will inherit the Earth.\" - Dr. Dow"
"working for a good cause like that can't be beat! Thank you for the noble work you do."
"We do not currently, but have considered doing so in the future! -RT : Do you have a studio audience?"
"we are working on it. Some stands will sell you hot dogs to take home"
"Im asking do u want sum cookies 2"
"I wish I were on my bike today. That was not me in Bolton hill I ride a Lemond. It makes me happy just thinking about it"
"Finished up a great workout in #KC. On the road to #Omaha. Working out my guys from Central. Back to Lincoln this evening"
"Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me1"
"You guys look so beautiful! So jealous you've already seen it! #HungerGames xoxo"
"a genuine pot pourri of interesting vernacular"
"Just left Okanogan, WA home bound. Verizon doesn't reach everywhere."
"Don't you just hate when you know an employee and they don't give you a discount whatsoever 👎"
"I have this provocation operation (po) I've been kicking around..."
"Always need mo' NOHO!"
"come to our house if you want to hear them"
"On behalf of #AHAR team, we thank U for your undying support & effort with us, help many #animals in need. Thank you"
"In most cases, #BV causes no complications."
"My grandpa gave it to my dad! Hahahaha, it runs in the family."
"Ok great....may stop thru RT : thanks lady we will be tonight"
"Pulled hip muscle (I think). The waddle suggests prolonged pain. This sucks."
"My Take: Gays are coming out on TV. Christians are, too: With regard to the food laws, God only says, \"These foods shall be an abomin..."
"The name of the game is network!"
"Feeling inspired today. Am sure a two hour town hall meeting will build on that momentum."
"I just said that man lol"
"*sigh* Wish I got a follow or shoutout or something but whatever it's fine...I'll keep trying :("
"When detoxing, toxins in your tissues release into your bloodstream, side effects include killer headaches! caffeine is the devil!"
"You gotta put your \"I hate college\" song on youtube so I can share with my friends! THAT SHIT'S TIGHT"
"Brewers 94-68 will win the Central"
"phone died brah.."
"\"Live simply that others might simply live\" EA Seton. RT : Morning!"
"Is there a fit for Dave Logan with #CSURam football?"
"That is awesome"
"Coincidentally, I'm wearing my \"The Fred Sanford Memorial Museum\" tote. Sanford & Son aired on NBC from '72-'77."
"COngratulations on a great win!"
"OKAY CUZ I WAS FINNA TAKE OFF! U GOTTA SPEAK UP! LOL"
"wishes these games were this intense all the time"
"I have mental funeral services on the daily. Most of you are dead to me. RIP tho."
"#KeMVP was robbed. Further proof that the BBWAA only cares about postseason teams. WE ALL KNOW WHO REALLY WON."
"and ' sweet sixteen tonight!! Pumped, y0000~"
"i love it here! Such a great move. I have a feeling ill revisit for years!"
"Your pics look gorgeous! Where in Spain? I'll be in Madrid, Sevilla, Granada, Ronda & Barca next month."
"AFBG continues to roll now up 70% from our initial alert ..."
"Now that Mike Vick is released from Federal custody, and served time in full, & lost sponsors and NFL pay for 2yrs - is a new start fair?"
"i like girls that like girls...."
"check out danklifeblog"
"Completely spaced the most obvious angle of the day..."
"Thanks for following!"
"Is at the UMD Crab Feast. GO TERPS :)"
"Well , I sure hope so because I joined AFTRA yesterday!"
"Thanks to for the free download! Woah-oh, I'm in love!"
"Wishing a Happy Easter to all!"
"Making some cherry limeade and working on updating the website!"
"Pretty pumped for tomorrow"
"No one knows u better than urself trust ur own judgement"
"about time Clare - see y'all soon! RT : Ooh I just found on twitter! Sweet! the w/ Pops 6/7-6/10"
"Who really gives a shit what thinks anyway?"
"evaluations show that programs & toolkits for military families helping parents & kids talk & adapt to challenges transitions"
"This is the year your home will look its best, serve you in maximum comfort and help you to just recharge.... I can show you how."
"And $175.30 later...it wasn't a warning. UGH!"
"Up Bored"
"Got locked out of fb someone else talkin crap on my page... Wtf????"
"It's a sad world when I feel like it would be pretentious of me to write a song not in 4/4 or 6/8"
"To my inspiring heroines: Happy International Women's Day!"
"Following the first 5 people who RT this :)"
"I got a real bad hang over"
"WINNER #2 is now closer than ever and it's going to be College Basketball..."
"m watermelon :)"
"haha, thats definitely something to be proud of! keep up the good work =)"
"Ha, yeah, my feelings on this are definitely influenced by being like Hannah in that regard..."
"yeah man i dont get on enough but im back!!!!!!! bow"
"Toka Salon...Nuri working his magic on my hair!"
"lmao..me n bree both logged in my page.."
"gotta go to DC to meet with client. Please traffic be nice to me!"
"I'm doing an 10 hours o sleep in 5 days."
"That doesn't mean that they have the right to tell me shut up I don't let no one disrespects me. it's that simple."
"Can go to the Broncos too?"
"I still believe"
"everyone deserves to be mourned"
"testing 3-4 yr olds seems so odd to me."
"Rob, you're my idol growing up! im never gnna give up skating(:"
"Hell of a game yesterday!! big ups, stay healthy my man, I need you carrying my fantasy football team through the playoffs!"
"Happy Mothers day, I am so thankful for everything my mum has done for me yesterday,today,and forever :D"
"T3: I think caregivers should adopt social media only if they want to, forced interaction would stink. They shouldn't be bullied."
"Hey everyone go to fashionbaggage fan page and press like!"
"what's \"that\"?"
"I'll make you happy Gilmore and then you can hit some white trash guy again and piss him off haha"
"Linked my students final projects on my website. Excited that I could link kmz files."
"Glowing ice cubes! Sinking ships!"
"Finley caught the ball!!! Good sign for Packers"
"&& Just like the clouds, my eyes will do the same; if you walk away, everyday it will rain.<3"
"The #LhasaApso was bred in Tibetan monasteries, and was known as the “Barking Lion Sentinel Dog”"
"Will you Follow me ? My Birthday was Yesterday and I REALLY wanted to follow me ; </3 So can you ? Please?(:"
"#FF new #design agency about to do big things!"
"Max Mirnyi would be perfect: Big serve, good at net, would stay on his side."
"Don't be sorry about anything! You rocked that last minute of last night's game :) GO #BULLS!"
"#HappyLeapDay! Doing anything special to celebrate?"
"Sit yo ass down."
"I want to be in a career that I feel like I'm doing some good."
"GO PACK! 1pm vs Heels. Watching at"
"Ran 7.6 miles today! What have you accomplished?"
"Watching Kennedy Center Honors, great show!"
"Happy Easter and keep fighting"
"Pretty pumped about this volleybally thing at with some cool cats. Good thing we are in the C league though lol"
"true pippen was aight lol but he not a 50 greatest player to me tho..."
"On the corner of Greene and Cumberland at this crime scene and Jeffrey Wright rolls up to me on a bike asking, \"What happened?\""
"What restaurant is that from? looks delicious!"
"how do you test the authenticity of your sandwich art? just want to make sure i didnt buy a fake."
"what you getting done?"
"Its so hott in my room...that's the one reason I don't like hot weaher.my bro had asma so he doesn't have a fan..then he moved out and now.."
"Finally done!"
"happy birthday from Boston!"
"If 30 members of your profession were assembled, would you fit in with them? If not, consider why. Is that your advantage or problem?"
"love you too boo!"
"If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers"
"The most exhausting thing in the world is to try to be someone you are not. Relax and be who God made you to be."
"Yes, it's real. Don't be ridiculous. There are different levels, but it's REAL baby...and it's SPECTACULAR!"
"#ThingsBlackPeopleLove being told \"you are not the father\" Thanks Maury"
"We got to do what works for us! ; ) Ha!"
"The real reason why Kerry Wood is retiring: His 200,000 initial shares of Facebook $FB"
"Best advice I have heard in a long time: \"Don't give up... never ever give up.\""
"NY Resolution List: 1) smile at strangers more."
"What's up world :D"
"En route to and then to festival to help spread some #BaltimoreLOVE w/ for !"
"Wont be Happenin when i get this WIP though!"
"ooh excellent, I'll be on later."
"Quite an enjoyable time lounging w and Ike the Terrier at the DuPont Market... Now off to beer fun!"
"Absolutely killed it today - did someone say 5-0-0??"
"glad u are good!! :-) I'm great, auditioning for The Voice on Sunday. Super excited"
"Let's Go Heat"
"I wish someone was here to tell me if my outfit was okay or not."
"Who has the hook up on silk screened t-shirts wit decent turnaround times...talk 2 me asap PLZ"
"Seriously the amount of snot coming out of my nose is remarkable."
"I am very excited to spend my Friday night watching a documentary on Gerhard Richter."
"I'm so confused with the ending of How I Met Your Mother."
"On a Childish Gambino fetish. Let's make it official."
"we had sci soc sci humanities all working on different topics 2 broad 4 anything but general comments feedback"
"I guess some people will never grow"
"u waffle 😁"
"Thank you Leslie!"
"I have a sudden urge to take half a melon, grab a spoon and dig in."
"I blame any problems in my life on the construction that starts at 7 a.m. every day outside my window."
"I want riots!!!! Hahaha. Gotta have the reverse of Chinatown DC on election night 08."
"Just realized we've elected these people to #gc2012 and they don't even know how to vote correctly. Taking notes for"
"All I need is one more year."
"Last 11 days in Texas was #EPIC Thank You"
"Avengers was an awesome movie!! I'm going to find me a Captain America tee asap!!"
"I am on here on FB, texting, talking on the phone and listening to music lol all at once wby?"
"Um.. jim brown #respect : Trent Richardson is nothing special???? Who the hell said that?"
"Just two more weeks until Oak Tree. It's time for you to take the crown from Rosario."
"Not a big pop music fan but Adele has one hell of a voice..."
"#3wordsthatwomenhate Your moms hot;)"
"There's a storm coming..."
"I think that's because you mentioned breaking up with someone. I am following them now. Gotta love breakup melodrama."
"lol I was!"
"Whatever happens tonight, I'm proud that the never gave up this year. Just one more time and you can rest."
"Starting today my life is gonna be so busy for the next week. >.<"
"and with you!"
"Wooa Xmas is almost here!"
"Thinking about which pieces of art to bring to the Clark County Artist Guild meeting tonight. Hope they let me in!"
"Excellent discussion on our Mobile 2.0 panel with savvy moderator and copanelists:"
"I'd send you one, but we don't have any, save for the random ones fans make themselves."
"misses also!"
"what?! That shots crazy, Congrats"
"Im ready for my 5 AM. Lab."
"Way to go! : Lisa Firestone represents WIPP at White House \"Champions of Change\" Program"
"Any time you want to get drunk and hit the streets, I'll be buying the drinks, or at least the first 5 drinks"
"Whenever I see a guy who's in touch with his feminine side, I usually think to myself \"he's either gay or Mormon.\""
"how has the return to work been? Hope it's been a smooth transition. :- D"
"Go Follow now :)"
"Happy Monday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com Connect.Discover.Share with others!"
"Where are my Vikings at? I'm ready to let loose the dogs of war!"
"#GhonimLA: \"We tend to be braver behind the keyboard.\" --Wael Ghonim"
"Best of luck David. You've done good work here."
"Good luck. Don't do it through the site, though. Go straight to the Channel Store on the device."
"Granulated Soul (original mix) Oliver $"
"People think they want things, but they don't have the discipline. I believe that you get what you want if you want it enough. - Sofia Loren"
"wear any fascinators lately? ;)"
"~ For some reason I have this song 'bout drivin' in my head, & it's stuck! ;)"
"I love #Los Angeles so much I wanna make out with it"
"Disinterested interns vs. interested interns had VERY different error rates. Important to find people who actually care abt topic."
"I give the high schoolers a lot of credit...waking up at this hour is not easy. Driving Abby to school....😞"
"I have been finding it easier and easier to let go of things. Maybe it's because I care too much, or maybe it's cause I don't care at all."
"#MiamiHeat he ran into that wall lmao"
"right? Time flies too..."
"Thx for the RT! From a Finance perspective, those stats have magnified impact from re: sustainability and risk management"
"We will be announcing our director very soon!"
"Coffee for lunch."
"Middle East Online"
"get err"
"just got home, lol."
"#WeirdFactsAboutMe I love making fun of weird people(: we have a club about it!"
"message me your U number and I can let you know"
"just remembered us talking upstairs lol good shit"
"Hulu Plus will show it"
"She's an easy lover."
"Thanks for the shout out! We're loving"
"tough one. What about you!"
"#WebGreekTip - Easily create, edit & collaborate on chapter docs inside your cloud, no need to download/upload anything! Please ReTweet"
"Fred you know I'm up- on the way to SXSW. Cadillacs on 22's"
"society today allows for it... Look at how many people plagiarize and cut and paste... It saddens me. I advocate for u writers"
"You may be the most annoying announcer I've ever dealt with in my long tenured career."
"rachel did you just kill the obama commencement feed!? way to go, jeez!"
"honestly? i would enjoy slapping you right now"
"Freut mich! Glad you're on board with #OpenAccess as well - keep spreading the good word. Prost!"
"oh man.. if only he could afford to relocate the entire population is St. louis.... Oh, wait..."
"come kidnap me and ill join you : )"
"That looks eating a Mandelbrot set."
"thanks for the post ladies!"
"BITCH that's y yo puxxy stank"
"how did your confusion go"
"Kobe is a monster....quit calling him old already, he doesn't look old to me"
"Media wont blast Dwight for shooting a gun in a commercial like they did Kobe b/c Dwight isn't a famous rapist with 5 rings..hes just corny"
"Is it true that Samardo leads the league is sweatiness? Go #Cavs!"
"It was big, but just OK. Still haven't eaten at Burger Lounge"
"Baseball tourney starts tomorrow 9 am fuck that's eary but its cool got the mohawk and sprayed it green fr team colors about to do work !"
"my cousin is really pissing me off!!!!!! get her outta my face!!"
"Chupacabra is at n capital and mass. Tacos make u happy. Meow meow."
"yeah I am I hope you like them :)"
"yeah, I agree."
"app to the rescue... and in #Austin next week!"
"AH, UFC. I FORGOT."
"Thanks. All the cousins are very close. They aren't sure how to handle the news yet."
"that would only be fair :-)"
"RT Love is when two imperfect people come together to form something perfect."
"Steak and College Football Tonight!!"
"My new ringtone freaks me out! It came with my theme!:o"
"\"Changing the way we think about vulnerable kids, they are truly worth investing\" - Barbara Allen from at"
"Thank you sir!"
"im getting followed my woop woop!"
"Jovial, enjoys a good conversation, always has free time. Rating: 0/10"
"Happy BDay old dude lol j/k you should try to be Detroits' Coach I think your what the city needs."
"swam this morning at 5 bout to go do it again"
"Shout out to MMG"
"Rory is hot."
"nice. Good luck studying you guys!"
"30% tips on a slow lunch, ceviche and avocado margaritas, a nap and a bike ride. I like today."
"watching Tangled with my baby... I don't care what anybody says, the Disney princess movies have some of the sweetest stories!"
"thats my point exactly. so I don't know why you trying to defend her... Look at what u just said... Its not adding up"
"latest iTunes update has made all the text look like shit!"
"Any suggestions for a dog that has just made a move halfway across the country& is now having serious anxiety and loss of appetite issues?"
"I swear I think this way too often. I'm the best company I could have!"
"hahahahah its funny because it is"
"One major personality characteristics of this horoscope combination is a proneness to frustration which comes from your excessive intensity."
"Why are there so few geocoded tweets about #occupy?"
"happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 28"
"next time pack your piggy ! Silly goof! Piggy loves the boys too!"
"Saturday morning yoga, kinda like a favorite flannel shirt; just something about it makes you feel good."
"Its my last chance to see everybody Maranatha and I can't go..."
"And you will never see another team work as hard as we will for the rest of my career!"
"Are you watching American Idol? Send me an invite because...AI people are COOL!"
"Just spent two hours waking around in the freezing cold, and it was awesome."
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE HOPE ITS THE BEST ONE YET! YOUR SWAG LOVES YOU :') <3"
"wow delpo acted like that. I am going to watch match on dvr. Did fed start yet"
"Happy Friday everyone!"
"thanks dawg - spread the word over on the other side of the pond!"
"its terrible right? lol waiting for my friend to get off work! then playing LOL :D"
"Ha ha! There's no way we'll miss it. No. Way."
"At the mls superdraft. Another great day for the fire."
"have you ever heard of ! i think you'd like them! :)"
"did you see today's google doodle?"
"ToothlessSays: I have 80 cents, gimme a burrito. Me: we don't have an 80 cent burrito. Toothless: I'll take two."
"New Joints in at BCK"
"Zing! RT Last night someone asked me how to use the #MBTA kiosk to get a ticket to see C Sheen. Made joke about *Charlie* Ticket"
"I'm sure it is, just to much of a good thing!"
"Nice sac bunt!"
"looking forward to jamming with the cats at The Baked Potato #studiocity 2nite"
"Maybe I shouldn't have deleted my entire website before I figured out what I needed to do on the next revision."
"Feds doing the same thing to farmers that stock co-ops. Even the Amish. At this point theyre pathetic beaurocrats with guns."
"try to get a job there !"
"Mark Cuban just yelled \"This league is fixed!\" Both LA teams advance to round 2."
"<----SHE RIDE ___ SO GOOD:-) ...My followers filled in the blank with some interesting things lol"
"Delgado is killing it tonight."
"Love DEN teacher appreciation week!"
"“Manners are about imagination, ultimately. They are about imagining being the other person.”"
"loved the previews excited to read more."
"Tony Romo was much better in 2011, and 2010(pre-injury) then he was in 2008 and 2009."
"Today has been...."
"Oh I know. And after knowing for the past few years nothing in the world can ever bother me..."
"rec'd DM, but a reply is 'forbidden'… bit odd. Can you email me glenn (at) chaoticmoon (dot) com? Sorry, for the tech issues."
"I Got Mixxed Up And Thought It Was Tommorow But Its Today Bro"
"Nice meeting you"
"Fresh watch Dontari. you gunna rock that tomorrow??"
"Put my HID's in today!"
"Please go to my site www.normanrayfitts.com and click on \"The Sentinel\" and let me know what you think of the cover for the book. Thanks"
"so you're having fun then?"
"strongly considering purchasing a bryce harper jersey"
"love being home, the visits are never long enough."
"RT : Work Or School Tomorrow <"
"Awesome affirmation for this moment!"
"She's blessed to have a friend like you. You did your part. It's on Teresa now."
"help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!......"
"What?!? That's crazy. I might have to ban him. Have you seen/used any of the kitty game apps? I'm unlimited phone, 2gb iPad"
"Hmm leaving for Florida In a few hours? Yea buddy!"
"Finding money in your Venmo account is like finding $5 in your pocket after doing laundry. I mean, it's basically free money."
"counting the days to #techbowl!"
"On my way brotha..oh wait you have no idea who i am!"
"I look like everybody else LOL"
"Haha. Love him. Pam, too."
"nigga texting me talkin about its on and popping. Smh nigga don't stunt off in front fir a female."
"Rick Perry trending"
"Nervous? \"Yes, a little..\". Is it your first time? \"No, I've been nervous before.\""
"once again, WE ARE THE SAME PERSON. Ugh same! I really need me so Kevin Ray though... SO PERFECT"
"Reminder: First general meeting is TOMORROW at 1 PM in Donahue 637."
"These refs are awful!"
"Congratulations....Your multi-talentedness inspires me to keep persuing the dreams I have"
"\": My prayers and sincere condolences to the family and friends of Junior Seau. He was a special player, wonderful person.\""
"nope but I guess I should try them. I usually eat the \"BaKed\" brand Lolli pops that are around LA"
"Going for the sweep tonight. I believe!"
"These two things are true! But the third thing he is absolved from saying is that the other party is happy to be boxed into this corner."
"Happy Birthday good sir!"
"we are now rollin' w/Google Analytics REAL TIME (beta) for all of our sites. awesomeness."
"I feel so bad for my mother sometimes... She has such wonderful children 😁"
"Homeward bound. Back to Seattle. I see at least 2 other #NASCIO11a attendees aboard."
"\"I want to taste your cunt\""
"That bison sacrificed the yearling like Shane shot Otis on Walking Dead #Frozen Planet"
"sounds like you just need to find a girlfriend for the weekend. Energy will be so nuts you don't even need to be at the game"
"TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!"
"of course! how could i not give you a s/o!"
"thank u :) lol do u remember me? i am shaymitch_navy but this is my account i used til i remembered my pw to the other one"
"It's time to do some ziplining this morning:)"
"THAT SUBSITUTE WAS GRAND;)"
"If you're looking for good new music, ask ! She knows whats up ;)"
"Thank God for another day"
"whats your major"
"Eroding safety net is not RESULT of #GOPFail #Austerity, it's the INTENT!"
"Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose."
"Whoo-Hoo!!! Way to go Into The Woods with Kyle Anderson!!!"
"What happens when the pigeon meets the Stinky Cheese Man? Hilarity, of course."
"Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!"
"My pops always makes me feel better."
"Lol okay ill drop a stack off so you can shop for me, I want fubu jeans, kswiss, and lugz kay?"
"Thank you Jesus, for pouring out your blood and dying on the cross for me and everyone else in the world. I pray all ppl come to know You :)"
"it sounds really good. Im gonna read it then see the movie"
"well wish I could find that #soulmate. I think I did but she just being hard."
"The excitement is brewing here at Allerent! Sign up today to have us manage your social media needs and receive the first month free!"
"My favorite is the Turkish get-up. Because it's called the Turkish get-up."
"Yes, unless you're doing insane things w/ video or photoshop. I would recommend the 13\" w/ maxed out specs for a primary machine."
"And drake ... I cried and screamed when he came on, HE IS SO SEXY. does anyone agree?"
"i'd tweet keynote, but i cant iphone type that fast. remember: HUMOR helps solve hard issues. LIGHTEN UP."
"oh will then i dont know what to say . - . -"
"Rocky Mount baby!!!"
"Thanks for sharing!"
"Read some tweets about how Greyson is gay because of the way he moves his hands…???"
"it figures"
"Hoping the inquiries translate to sales. And I'm not talking about denim. :-)."
"I don't need no relationshit!"
"TEETH in my pants! or her pants! Human centipede in my pants!"
"San Diego tonight @ U 31 w/ ! Fulerton Thursday w/ and !"
"reinforced in today's discussions : Mongo is OK for smaller jobs and data sets, fails at scale"
"No one liked that AT ALL. That wasn't breaking news by the ajc. Mentioned in 1st or 2nd board meeting as unheard of..."
"Horny is the King of making men do stupid stuff. Just ask B Petrino and T Woods."
"A mouse just ran behind my dresser! Not getting off my bed until its dead or caught!"
"Why can I not look away from spoilers? Why?"
"These are some gawdly cupcakes."
"Listening To #Boyfriend Using Earphones. HEAVEN. ❤"
"A guy named Thomas Crapper actually manufactured toilets, the root of the phrase \"using the crapper\""
"On my way to Madison....mad at my boo.....ugh"
"Thanks Doll <3"
"-- evening temple bells / stopped in the sky / by cherry blossoms #haiku ~Chiyo-ni"
"Thomas place on University is what you've been looking for! Call 612-703-RENT for more information about leasing!"
"Faith was the greatest compliment a human being could ever pay God. - J. T. Pugh in How to Receive the Holy Ghost"
"Can't wait to see your #MothersDay tweet. I know its going to be FIRE."
"i can't wait to go deep sea fishing tomorrow"
"Washington* phili Nj and Ottawa"
"those uni's are nice, I'll definately be contributing to the blackout."
"im here for a good timee."
"\"Does anyone know a good free stock footage site?\" try www.istockphoto.com. not free footage, but just about. good luck!"
"about time for lunch... what's it going to be?"
"Met many interesting art collectors & gallerists during trip 2 Palm Beach this week. Most favor contemporary + trying to pick next big thing"
"me neither. Maybe knows what a Love Crime is?"
"Our tank tops are in. Printing tonight. Look for them online tomorrow!"
"Awesome, thanks!"
"thank you so much ! I'm always so nervous !!"
"don't worry about dude he just a hater he hates on weezy busta rhymes and ludacris"
"We don't all have time to constantly shift our Twitter picture, nor perhaps take as good pix as you"
"Training Myth: Great sources of training information for beginners can be found in fitness and bodybuilding magazines."
"is this the reall michael or a fanpage??"
"I get a kick out the #lays chipbag proclaiming new bigger size while no mention new higher price"
"I've learned that if you care, it shows."
"After watching that cheap hot on #Hossa, I'm about ready to put my pads back on & beat that worthless Coyote's ass myself!"
"Create an ongoing dialogue. Pay attention to details- memorable to unforgettable"
"same. Happy. :)"
"Wanna zip out of Baltimore? Enter to win The Ultimate Ziptrip. (Airfare, hotel, food, and zipping included.)"
"balls! just changed my password sorry everyone"
"“:Vanderbilt's Carey Speaks misses a 27-yard field goal. Arkansas will survive. Again.” It is a win but I'm not proud of it."
"wht ppl think of her. Yall girls need to go over yourselves and leave keyra the hell alone! Stop being so damn jealous!"
"Ebony on #ANTM just said \"I didn't get chose...\" She's officially out for me."
"Coming back from a long day!"
"Thank you so much! We're all looking forward to a new year of unity."
"\"Give me the Nazi Goatherd.\" - Brett Myers to his barber"
"The only way the beat the is if elbows , and (again). Outmatched."
"Do u screen the man or an area? Every great screening team knows which way they play. 1 or the other but not both. better chemistry that way"
"\"For what human ill is not dawn an alleviation.\"-- Thornton Wilder"
"nope it just automatically do it"
"Yes,espec.w/evaluators such as Doyne/Love in San Diego. Perpetuate,lie,never hear crys of child when truth spoken.1000's hurt."
"Too tech-challenged for Skype! Did your client adopt or \"inherit\" the 3 kids? Or (OMG) did she have trips???"
"Finished season 2 of #thewire. Is it weird that I want to have a friend that looks like/acts like Brother Mouzone?"
"of course! Let's set the date!"
"Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!"
"Sigh.....alliteration. Gets me to click every...single...time..."
"RT : my mom kept asking why me and my ex dont talk 😲 cause i dont fuck w him nomore lol"
"Come on Michael, don't feed the trolls. Let's just celebrate the brilliance of Mo's career."
"WOOOHOOOO! (: So proud of you guys!"
"YES! The week-end is upon us! Now I just need to get \"upon\" other things!!"
"$6.00 an hour to park in Sydney... Am I getting a foot massage and happy ending too?"
"17 more days left of school"
"gah, I thought I was the only one who got annoyed! No one cares that you're dancing. & who gets soup delivered?!"
"Our silence can keep us isolated."
"Good luck to the runners from and in the Mumbai marathon"
"where does the news leave the cafe? just wondering."
"finally got the tape.had to send twice,so you should have it this weekend..I have been so busy..and my tools were at the exs"
"Last year 200 million non-subscriber attempts to access JSTOR from Google searches compare to 500mill subscriber uses"
"well, i'm listening to Railroad Earth's Elko right now..."
"Replay, thanks Check out the material mp3 frees"
"Not going to NYG"
"I LOVED Susan Scott. I want to hire her for the King County Chapter of Credit Unions quarterly meeting. They would love her too."
"is already one of my favorite Actors, but he just did my Favorite super hero all kinds of justice."
"Watching Jeepers Creepers!"
"ALWAYS I GOT YOU BABY GIRL"
"#ihatewhen a guy whistles at me. I'm not a dog."
"The girls in Lakoda Rayne all look beautiful! Oh and they sound great too!"
"What book has influenced you greatly? How?"
"If you're in the NYC area on Sunday, May 15th, come out to our launch event at Red Bull Arena."
"Tonights Twitter Poll (Please RT!) >> Who will lead the Miami Heat in scoring this season? Bosh, Wade or James?"
"Shout out to Anna from Florida! 11"
"I really hate calling girls out they name but after all this time I think I need to let yu know. YU. ARE. A. BITCH"
"Thank you. Credit goes to and re: ALEC post. :-)"
"It would have been better if it were Mensa bread though!!"
"Video goes live in 23 minutes!"
"Today I celebrate four years with my lovely bride. My life has never been better. I love you Stephanie."
"True, Nokia & SE seem to struggle, are you confident enough in Palm's progress to put $ where your mouth is & invest? :)"
"Super Jealous."
"Had a snowball today (:"
"i don't think i'll ever understand how a cowardly cat could call himself a man. you're all show, and it's getting old."
". What? And give up CLI goodness?! I currently use GitX when I feel a need to succumb to the gui & admit defeat"
"Thank you!"
"mee i just followed u"
"Charlie Bartlett! I watched it yesterday, so good."
"Not that gifts make up for me not being able to be around... But since there are kids involved, I wanted it to feel like Christmas."
"do they even spread 2-10 anymore? Gl hitting flops."
"The Patriots do not wear the same jock straps. They wear girly underwear because they're pansies!!!!!!!!!!! GO PACK GO"
"It's my 1/2 birthday!!"
"Ouch. Feel 4 uRT : you are embarrassed? i live in PHX, imagine the past 1.5 weeks in my house with my roomates"
"RIGHT NOW: Interview Strategies Workshop in the Commons. Can't attend? We'll post the session video later-- Stay tuned!"
"time to head to the ranch"
"VICTORY! EBSCO appears to be back!"
"I said I was interested in teaching yoga to veterans. Then I was invited to observe a veteran's support group. I heard stories I can't tell"
"C'mon Nashville!! Bring on the data and insight! Actually excited to do this- Digital Summit 2012!!"
"we definitely should. We complement each other well."
"You may have already heard about Internet. Now you can try it for #FREE. Simply use code 2284749710fse thru 1/7/10"
"Morning Ladies! Knock their socks off Will be Peekn when can!"
"Can't beat it! RT : It is, absolutely gorgeous today! :)"
"Can't help but laugh at the name of the group: \"Olga Nucleus of the Informal Anarchist Federation-International Revolutionary Front\""
"I found a few ants in the kitchen this morning. Thankfully I had some Terro liquid bait. Best product I've used hands down!"
"I dont know what i would do if there was no such thing as music O_o *scary thoughts*"
"I saw your excessive project on reddit, sweet"
"At least. Maybe 4K."
"Thanks! love the name :)"
"so, if you a need a lover and a friend..."
"Additionally, I just can't help but like that Blake Shelton."
"It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun"
"been a customer since 04, n now I can't make calls in 3g, data goes out every day at the same time, n ur csr's are horrible n rude!"
"don't throw beef at me lol you don't wnna be like me"
"If you missed our Minority Biz event make sure you check out the BBJ BizVid on our site. baltimore.bizjournals.com"
"It's a fairly quiet afternoon but of COURSE I get two phone calls at the exact same time."
"RT was nterviewed for tonight's WSFA News at 10 on his years working for Reagan Please tune in and RT this message. Thanks!"
"I feel like sitting around a campfire & drinking beers"
"I fucked up completely!!!! Ah fuck! I'm so upset. God I'm stupid"
"I'm a project manager"
"It jumped out of a 7 story building in the Bronx"
"Would you allow me to send you a file outlining how you could sell a mobile wedding app to your customers? Jim - LocalMobil"
"Can't believe she's only 26."
"\"JANE EYRE: Look, if I'm going to marry a jerk, I might as well marry a jerk who gets me hot beneath the petticoat. Jane out!\""
"Will be at the Keystone Conference this week in Hershey, PA! In the area? Contact Kevin for a consultation."
"THANK You! Just read the rest of them...wowsers! Those are some hard core smells."
"dis nigga Jordan put a pic up of me on the toliet he betta not be salty .! Lol"
"A new season of Spartacus!"
"lemmme find it(:"
"u can call me.babe"
"The ladies love when you hug them from the back."
"Left us too soon, steve jobs..without you this kind of creative control would still only be imagined"
"How many teams out there have a guy like #Tomlin in the 3-4 spot?"
"Been up since 4 smokin my as off.."
"haha I've used that intermittently for years! But Englands def got me addicted to tea time and scones lol"
"Glad #POTUS came out for Simpson and Bowles right to get married. Now wish he'd come out for their budget plan."
"I see u in dat place again. Who u talkin too . U!!!!smh... I know girl couldnt stay away... :-)"
"NO MATTER WHAT WE PARTY TONIGHT #SWAG!!"
"Rwanda Coko Coffee in the siphon this morning... So good... tons of sweetness."
"When Girl's Put To Much Make - Up ."
"My heart crumbled at the same time as my gum. Literally."
"Let's go madrid!"
"Hell yeah for a 3 day wknd!!"
"why is houston weather so bipolar?! OH MY GOSH -___-"
"Lmfao who ever sees my last 3 posts.KNOWS I was drunk lmao"
"Aw, that's too bad. I think she'd be great on the show. Who else is in the pipeline?"
"Yeah, I kinda LOL'ed when I was typing that out."
"That's a great part of town. You ever try the Original Burrito Company? It won't help the figure but it's very good."
"Would love to be there for the grand opening. It will be wonderful to have a bookstore in Katonah again!"
"follow me....i have tried SO hard to get you to notice me....plz!!!!"
"Just had a dream about softball. I miss it :("
"Omw to school ."
"Seven more weeks until the Best Summer Ever."
"I think the real story here is that you were watching MSNBC. :)"
"Bored? Put some music on and dance!"
"GO BERRY WHY AREN'T YOU OPEN"
"Note to visitors: please take regular showers. If I can smell your BO from ten feet away, you are in need of bathing."
"hey, daddy is so proud of you, he was crying last night! :) Love ya and were trying to come !"
"Off to the factory of theatre"
"the new J.J. Abrams show picked up by NBC sounds interesting"
"girl, you have no idea"
"I get money to kill time"
"Were have friday after school YMCA football games been this year?"
"I watch my daughter swim laps and remember when she was a toddler afraid to jump into the pool. \"Don't move, Mommy.\" I love being her mom."
"QTM closing at the high of day target set at 2.50"
"Current events can help inspire and make research instruction relevant."
"Night of the Living Dead opened on this day in 1968. I used to watch it on TV with my sister when I was a kid. Scared the HELL out of me."
"Now on tumbler!!"
"Sorry for party rockin"
"spending this whole week installing my exhibit at East Los Angeles College, Vincent Price Art Museum,"
"Hm...probably when I put in landscaping in front of that wall. I'm still not sure my husband thinks it's that funny!"
"De it wasnt me. My phone had die"
"Wow its so cold outside this morning the garden gnome is shivering. Last week he shaved the cat and made a fur coat for himself."
"We lost the track off. But we got 1500 votes. Which means we have the best fans ever. Thank you for voting and voting and voting again."
"Still time to head over here. Flashing sign near stadium was advertising half price tickets."
"Tonight is alive with promise of a street fight. And there's money on the table, says your cheap shots won't be able to break bones."
"Relay for Life is tonight! Haven't pulled an all-nighter for 2+ years! Ugh..need nap now!"
"Swan Lake tonight!!! <333"
"What is your favorite afternoon snack?"
"Have you watched Skins? What do you think?"
"The world burns while our leaders fiddle. x"
"black and blue."
"With the first pick of the 2013 NFL Draft, the Miami Dolphins select ........"
"Syrian regime 'Doomed'. Invitable it will collapse, says Dennis Ross. via Bernard Gwertzman of Council on Foreign Relations"
"we just celebrated 8 weeks on the Jazz Billboard Charts!!!! Much <3 2"
"Has anyone mentioned Simmel today?"
"I got moves like Jagger....well sort of...."
"#loex2012 \"We can only read text if it is housed within a social practice that gives it meaning\""
"#RealNiggas use this excuse \"That ain't my baby\" or \" I am not the father\""
"lol, my parents don't live in miami anymore. I'm here with brother bear"
"Choose me“: im gonna follow at least 100 fans each day all this week. (i do this anyway though) #ILOVEMYFANS #ILOVEMYBELIEBERS”"
"nice meeting you! had to sneak out - sorry for not saying 'bye'"
"I'm drunk AF!!! Goodnight!"
"I hate Faye's Mom and I hate Diana's Dad. How could they kill Cassie's mom, just for more power?!!? If only the teens knew"
"Feathered February! One Week until SQUAWK starts! get your tickets now!!"
":) and as it turns out, there was no reason to leave. Flight is delayed. I should learn how to use technology. :)"
"Question For My Crush: What's up with that restraining order against me?"
"IF YOU HAD THE CHANCE TO CHANGE SOMETHING IN THE WORLD WHAT WOULD IT BE"
"what's that on the ground by her head? Chicken skin?"
"This is crazy !"
"i love him way too much. is it to much to ask if i could mend your broken heart."
"We are on every Wednesday 9-11(pm) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM keep spreading the word about our show"
"Just saw Pinterest logo at the bottom of a TV commercial in between Facebook + Twitter logos. Google+ logo was not included"
"HAHAHAHA OF COURSE THEY'RE HAVING A PARADE!! oh, clovis."
"...meaning they could be trying to keep out bikers and appeal to a more upscale crowd"
"Oh yes!! Keep blowing your nose into the grass and spitting. THAT'S HOT!!"
"SO EXCITED you are a Chief!!!!!"
"#youdeservetobesingle when your bf says: \"i'm gonna be back by 10:00 a'right? imma go cheat on you, brb...\""
"I'm still playing catch up in the spreadsheet mines, so I'm gonna get some work done."
")': fail try though"
"RT! The winds of grace are blowing all the time. All we need to do is raise our sails. - Rama Krishna"
"Got damn dude breath is horrific. Smell like pistachio shells closed."
"NO SWEETY NEVER THAT LOL ITS RAP FETISH ITS MY MUSIC GROUP I PRODUCE AND MANAGE"
"data doesn't take decisions, however it really helps you be more confident In the decision making process says"
"Are you implying that Manning doesnt have \"it\"? I think perhaps they both have \"it\" but Manning is lightyears more talented"
"Healthy lunch from in Orange County. Didn't kno they were a ! Found a little taste of home in the OC."
"Threatened husband to not bring candy/choc home tomorrow 4 kids&me. Will do it just to spite me. That's ok, I know where he lives & sleeps."
"do you have a story of how he inspired you? you cansend it to if you want :)"
"PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME143 <3"
"Come do a little summer shopping today. And enjoy our new sound system."
"Discussion at dinner red or blue charmin? Which is better?"
"I think I saw it's $3.75 from the airport and has a convention center stop."
"Ok People, especially those who don't care for todays Irish Holiday,..Start Kissin!! If ya want a piece of that bucket of Gold"
"RT : At with the crew. Great new Brian Malarkey restaurant in La Mesa near the hockey rink."
"oh where yhu from and i school in chicago x lol wat ya favourite color"
"Hello Taye Diggs look-alike at the gym."
"You're too legitimately cute and gorgeous to be thought of as a hooker ;)"
"are you amongst the living?"
"heck.no."
"Great win in Columbus!"
"“: IL Mee or Honey Pig in Annandale! Enjoy!” Thanks Angie!!!"
"It's cold & wet outside so stop by our dry gameroom to warm up :)"
"#asknathan HOW ARE YA LOVE?(; 💋"
"aww what's wrong?"
"much more coherent than feather tweets. ;)"
"Thats a little weird for sure!"
"ayo bro I got ahommie that want you to call. he said he want to pay u 50 dollars to speak with u about a business deal"
"hey i just met you.. and this is crazy.. but heres my number, so call me maybe?"
"I hate cheaters!!!!"
"Had a dream last night with John Mayer. He told me he \"wears condoms 24/7, cuz you just gotta be ready, man.\""
"Haha, dude, it's character day."
": I recommend you connect with"
"RT Prosecution in #Huguely trial will rest if all the evidence was properly entered - court is taking a lunch break till 2:00"
"Overheard (cuz I'm not allowed to attribute it): ”why does everybody have to pee in a toilet?”"
"Agreed! RT Suggested a siesta at work, you know, to keep it to mexican traditions."
"Chiana:I just Googled Boomer from down the street and yikes."
"London is a great city to visit. Great music scene. Just buy the Time Out and you want to stay for weeks!"
"The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and"
"oh foreal ? Why didn't you go ?"
"I hope prevails in getting international service at Houston Hobby! Competition is good. cc"
"Creating a new you for the New Year? Updated sunglasses and eyewear are the perfect accessory!"
"Cheese... milk's leap toward immortality."
"Presentations are starting at #codeforoakland. 1st up: Oakwatch, neighborhood-level system for reporting incidents. Uses 6 mobile channels!"
"Who changed my Twitter... don't like it one bit... you finally get used to one, and they change it again!!!"
"yes an she's on some fucking bull shit"
"seriously old man favre you are the most indecisive person on this planet and if you are going to retire JUST DO IT. vikings can suck it."
"how are things? Been concerned about you in this poor economy."
"Shouldn't be drinking Mountain dew at this hour. Makes me crazier. If u know me, u know that I'm crazy enough"
"Dat Was A Good Nap"
"How to lure the neighborhood cats: open windows and play Bon Iver. There are 4 cats outside my window, I kid you not."
"A total of 3 people have winning Mega Million tickets. They are from Maryland, Illinois and Kansas. More coming up at 7:30 on"
"We are basically making this week Concert T-shirt week. And I'm cool with it! shirts tomorrow:):)"
"I hate word search puzzles."
"Heh, I remember seeing those at the end of the semester. The areas around the trash cans will make you think it's Christmas!"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!"
"Hey good to hear from you! Yes, call on 11-11 works."
"Of course, Tom pretty much goes in for whatever James Lasdun writes about, so there's that..."
"me too xD"
"Thanks for the follow! I keep wanting to give you a slogan \"bobzane in the membrane\" but I'm sure you've thought about that!"
"How did that turn out?\": When the Mets sweep this series, the Phillies will be 4 games under .500 for first time since 5/9/07\""
"Lol I do the same thing"
"Fear ain’t in the heart of me, I learned just do it, you get courage from your fears right after you go through it."
"thanks buddy. :)"
"please follow me please"
"Time to move on asshole!"
"Hell yeah! Bring back the Seattle SuperSonics, all the great free agents out there can sign to them"
"Only on #youtube can you watch the #WTCprogress and drift aimlessly till you end up on #ThatsWhatSheSaid jokes"
"\"Thank U for the RT! It cost so much more to hate than it does to love.\" ~ Solomon"
"yellow car sodality"
"I think I broke my truck."
"Lou Harrison: A World of Music (2011): Paint-by-numbers PBS style doc of an individual filled with passion, humor, insight, and genius. 4:5"
"Team K for life!"
"Hoping my son will feel better soon"
"I'll check him out (:"
"almost got killed by a sign malfunction during the live chat tonight! Never a dull moment!! Thanks CMT and to the fans!!"
"Holy cow! RT : Twenty full &solid reps on leg press w just over 1,000 lbs. I'll have full handicap parking privileges by tomorrow."
"I WOULD."
"We are playing with MSTRKRFT + BIRD P on friday in AZ @ Myst! you dont wanna miss this show!! ohh no..."
"Please place statements on your products encouraging youth to stay in school, do better, and graduate."
"Here's to excellent health! RT “: Doctor's appt. It's chilly in here. #nextsteps”"
"that penne alfredo was a huge mistake."
"sorry, i got jailed xD lol, yes i'm a CLover too^^ (its another CL lover lol)"
"Just remembered I sold my car & left my knee brace in the trunk lol smh"
"Ready to go to school today going to b fun"
"wow! I just visited the web site. Its very easy 2 use. Many great prints. Great selection of clothing 2 chose from. Thanks!"
"It's not HER past but her dad's. It's heartbreaking because millions are carrying that same guilt when they've done nothing wrong."
"Attention : dck is still going live stay tuned in! Ha"
"Morning twitheads! Everyone have a blessed Sunday!"
"Heading out for my last ride in Florida, rained earlier but looks to have cleared up."
"\"Justin Give Us Jerry!\" Alfredo: \"CODE PURPLE, CODE PURPLE!\" Scooter: \"Please..no..\" Pattie: \"BIBLE QUOTES\" Justin: \"OH MY BELIEBERS.\""
"Flavorcrests are delightful! Just ate one and am about to make a sorbet. Will teach peach kanten at my class tomorrow with these"
"Oh hell yes. Easily the best Co. I ever worked for. Staying at Gaylord Palms. It's swanky! A little lonely tho... Flying solo."
"yeah its AM and I have off Wednesday and thursday so ima talk to the schedulers next tuesday about that.. That's way too early"
"Them saucy niggas."
".'s John Lozier: \"Average life expectancy in US is 80; for folks experiencing homelessness it's less than 50.\""
"Packing for #Coachella has been so stressful. It would be so much easier if weather just said \"blistering hot.\""
"We are working on our Feb schedule.Is there any where particular you want us for lunch or catering Nashville?"
"In one week and I drove through eight states. And I'm not talking piddly Northeast states. These were rectangle states."
"Almost moved in. Emphasis on \"Almost\""
"hey deme's followers on a scale of 1-10 how perf is she really"
"What are you planning to do for Saint Patrick's Day?"
"Teach me how ta dougie :D"
"U stay in yo lane An Ima Stay in my lane and trust me We'll make it to da Finish Line!"
"Such an early game in the middle of no where"
"not only not a good fit, but why goto a perineal loser?"
"#ifonlyIcould should be"
"yes can't wait til your there it will be awesome:)"
"ever get them mixed up?"
"Utilizing article marketing for backlinks is a marketing strategy that is extremely powerful as our marketing shifts to the online world."
"Probably gonna have the girls come over"
"Earthquake epicenter evidently very close to where I live, which is Mechanicsville VA"
"Well i be damn tebow... You still suck"
"Need a nap before tackling that drive back"
"Why do I think learning about NoSQL is going to be more complicated than just unlearning SQL?"
"Thanks for the tweet!"
"is truly one of the coolest museums on the planet! Perfect for little kids and adult kids too :-)"
"omg no i could never hate u!ur such an insperation!and no were not best friends were family(: the fizzy family sticks together ^_^"
"I got u boss....well kick it tomorrow!"
"If told me happy birthday, I'd definitely cry."
"“: I love NY.” it will always be home!"
"Boom. Thx for sharing. Saw your TEDx talk too. Would love to pick your brain on creativity+purpose + Georgetown!"
"Do they have Kosher food on Bloomington?"
"#FF = Food Fairies?"
"Hey San Diego peeps! The Dinah Leffert is performing at The La Jolla Comedy Store! Tomorrow night 7:30pm. Bring your meat and find a seat!"
"I'm pretty convinced that the girl that bit you in chasing the sun was an actual vampire and now you're one too! :)"
"Soy un perdedor \": I'm a loser baby. So why don't you kill me? 🎶\""
"Tired who's DTC down to cuddle"
"Pretty sweet set-up, though my solution was $40. is better audio, but spendy...guess I need to win one!"
"Working out the kinks on our website so we can bring you even more great deals. Thanks for your patience!"
"Speechless. When I have so much to say."
"Alright Folkies, some more great workshops! Tony Moore is doing a songwriting class in St. Louis room"
"SMH in frustration today. If you own a # of domains for the same co., reminder: you can't duplicate content on each site! BAD for your"
"If Pacers beat heat & celtics beat 6ers I should try & come there for a playoff game?! How's that sound?!"
"Jack Harry and Frank Boal up in the press box at LSP. Frank's got a SKC scarf on."
"I told them not to blast it. It's what I say."
"I really need someone to text... >_<"
"IN LIKE 20 RT when u gon be here?"
"thanks for the follow"
"Flickr it isn't but it gives us a place to talk about our favorite shots. Let's enjoy each others pictures."
"That you are, sir. That you are."
"just do it"
"Add Toledo to the list of Division I schools offering a scholarship to Homestead junior Luke Worthington."
"are the photos from the Richmond Virginia shoot up yet? How do I find mine? Thanks!"
"hope you are having a great day my BFF. I have to take Terry to V.A.Hospital today. Luv and Hugs"
"All this material-if you practice it-will help you in your situation"
"ok Are there any Internet marketers interested in $198K for helping feed kids?"
"lol i meant to favorite this one. thats weak"
"Just saw Art of Video Games at ; any exhibit that brings visitors together should be considered successful. Well done!"
"Get ta C 2 my baby;) in 2 mnths! UGH! wish it was"
"Last night was amazing!!!!! Portraying the role of Effie White was extremely exciting!!! Headed to south Carolina to introduce Shena Renee!!"
"#TomFord have i told you lately how awesome you are and how much i LOVE your line of colognes?! WELL, I DO!"
"Eating popcorn getting ready to watch the first season of The Boondocks"
"You're welcome"
"Do you have a prob with that? Notice how wishy washy your commentarty is on the screen."
"Several Senate Republicans have signed on to bipartisan legislation aimed at broadening access to the legal immigrant visa system"
"Awesome gaming site - a lot of great info."
"ha ha! I haven't heard \"jello shots\" in a long time! that's a very mid-west term, in my mind anyway!"
"The one YOU will need to drive up to. : ) Elmhurst CRC. Don't let the southsiders tell you otherwise. It's the best."
"the quest to 3 bills is on"
"im made it home safe call me when the game go off"
"You are invited to enter the Toshiba Canvio 500 Hard Drive giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via"
"He's going to talk them into giving up their domestic and landscaping staffs."
"Wow, thanks Michael!! “: - Startisan are fucking ace!!!! \m/”"
"I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just you're average joe"
"You should really patch global warming in mw3 way fuckin overpowered GOD DAMN POLAR BEARS"
"I didn't have any swimmers! Lol"
"Want spread the word about Sleevecandy and get your pals $5 gift cards? All new likes on Sleevecandy get a $5 gift card."
"Where would we be without ?"
"An almost eerily bright rainbow just sprung up out my window. I haven't seen one that beautiful in years."
"#WaysToBeginSex Get consent. (really, it's the only way.)"
"blunts with my dad & my niggas"
"9. Going green. College communities tend to be more progressive about environmental causes and concerns, so going green may be easier."
"Oh yes, they totally did. LOL"
"yes, warm up is on the board and they have a procedure for entering. But they are teenagers so it can become social hour."
"Do you have an event coming up? list your events with us, help us to grow and we help you to glow. www.tncnews.com/events"
"LMFAO!! 😂😂😭😭😲 wtf?!? Haha! RT : That disturbing moment when a gay girl tells you that you have a fat ass coochie ...."
"Stuck between a rock and hard place & dont kno which direction to turn !"
"Go to \"The Cats Meow\" so we can see you on the Webcam singing Karaoke!"
"are you doing the demo at loretta lynn's this year?"
"where do I get that style?"
"Grills Just Want to Have Fun! It's true. Ask (in person) from noon - 5pm. Buck-a-Burger today (ONE DOLLAR!!)"
"Dear tree branch sliding up against the outside of my window, enjoy ur last night of annoying me....."
"Nick Johnson pinch hitting. I need not watch any comedy shows tonight when I get home"
"I've found who my true friends are in the past months, thanks for being there"
"True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those who move easiest have learned to dance. -Alexander Pope"
"Overeem's attorney: The injection he was given was for anti-inflammatory. We will produce vial for inspection by NSAC."
"Might just give my mom money this year...but then again..."
"Canadian Universities Have One Week To Stop A Disastrous Copyright Licensing Deal - Techdirt"
"Chillin by the fire why we eatin' fondue , i dunno about me but i now about you #Boyfriend !"
"#MURFC started the season out with a tough loss: Final score was 25-27 in the A-side match, Killer B's put UWM away with a 7-0 final."
"Oh, 2 A.M. already?"
"#saito Like the use of Word Cloud. What's the text being used? Clear line of argument. V. good, well timed, mainly."
"I love chicken tikka massala my favorite foreign dish"
"Look there has been a lot of hate thrown my candidates way over the past 12 hours so I'm a bit edgy. That said, this is my lane."
"\": lol i love the way u think\" u make it E Z :)"
"My B-day is coming up in 2 days, please wish me a happy birthday ♥ ♥ love you!"
"Look on the bright side. No riot this year! :P #Canucks via"
"(not universally of course, but much more than other age groups)"
"raves going on in the quad while I am try to study<<<"
"& for the record, the only purpose milk serves in my life is to be poured over my ice cream ; ))"
"Good luck to all of our law student followers taking Finals!"
"In case anyone was wondering, PB sidewalk squares make great plyo ladders."
"New #AA Comercial isn't smart because they show someone could go straight from scuba diving to flying... which is very bad"
"it's what I had handy and it worked"
"On my way to Benihana."
"I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan"
"Its forever us against them all."
"The technology is a tool. Theories and principles are still the same. Need to adapt theories & principles to new tools"
"XD for sure, the downside is, I need to rebuy 90% of my games."
"I HATE it when girls take pictures of their eyes."
"Idk what to say..."
"Paltalk wants to know: Why did you join Paltalk?"
"At this point, #gospursgo are still the only Western Conference team to have clinched a playoff spot. Nice win in Houston to get win"
"bout time! Geez.."
"I wanna watch Coneheads! man that movie is funny"
"Better get off twitter for now : #TheVoice Please do not tell me ANYTHING about it because I have 2 DVR it!\""
"Give me a minute..."
"A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day."
"RT : Haha, you wish! I eat racist hate-mail Wheaties for breakfast, Son."
"YOUR STILL TRENDING!!!!!!!!! longest trend ever<3 (;"
"still want my cookies!"
"Yay, new holly work tweet! Badass! ;) RT ISS Heaters class at 9 am tomorrow, missed...due to #SXSW, but...no regrets :)"
"too many good ones to choose!!"
"That's a pretty bold confession, but LOVE that he had the stones to; probably worth a sore knee. That 9th inning was nuts."
"Soo I got the Palm Pixi. I friggin love it!!"
"I think the latter."
"Anytime! Ray. Have a great weekend!"
"don't complain!! She's hot!"
"Come on out tonight for Beauty and the Bitch...Show starts at 9pm. $5 Pinnacle Martinis and $5 House Mooritas."
"Is there a cloud storage service like Dropbox that can be accessed via a Windows drive letter?"
"is miami media celebrating? Knicks lose best defender & only guy who can bother Wade. Bulls lose mvp. East playoffs now a joke."
"...Pinhead will not shut up! -V"
"It don't matter who you is miss you can get the business"
"heading to class. Yourself?"
"Ha! Yes but I wonder how they can legally justify the arrest? Its bothering me. I gotta find out"
"Actually...I'm not past the first episode of this season. need to catchup. but glad she dumped that guy!!"
"so so true"
"Watching neghbor's kids as a favor. Regretting it."
"Bengals waive former Redskins OG Chris Riley (failed physical)."
"Haunted? Tell the story! RT : Idk why you guys like the #UNCC library..it's the worst place for studying and it's haunted."
"what's tonirrow"
"#FreshmenYearTaughtMe that I need to hate myself."
"Hoping Adam Halls knee mends well Safety crucial"
"I guess this will fit almost the whole population of earth cause I see no one is taking action !"
"Happy Birthday Fool!!!!"
"When you impersonate a giver, you set in action outstanding motions you wish you could avoid."
"Went to PoeFest yesterday with my pal Lawannah, my Rite of Exorcism co-star."
"...anyway at all, it's an absolute embarassment. This whole thing is stupid on his part, and he's going to lose big here."
"fix the scoreboard!!"
"Just setting up in the exhibit hall for #Insight12. Looks like we were delivered a rocket but Megan assures us it's 2 pop-up banners."
"Can finally upgrade to the iPhone in 2 weeks"
"Long time not on here. :')"
"We survived weekend #1! Haven't sacrificed too many items yet, but we will, I'm sure. She's getting more brave and more sassy!"
"How much is too much coffee in one day? Wake up, Wake up!"
"lol which one omg let me find it"
"Fuck your imagination."
"November has arrived & Thanksgiving is right around the corner! What is your favorite Thanksgiving dish?"
"When A.I. got on the ground and kissed center court >>>>>"
"Getting an estimate for hail damage. Along with the rest of the world."
"Waiting for to get picked up in this draft. He would blast double all of these guys to their backs."
"I live in a town that people come from but never go to."
"used transit view on iPhone worked great in browser-- now we need an app"
"NSAC doesn't seem to be too warm to the idea of offering a continuance to Overeem and his team."
"Honestly probably no one is jealous of you"
"Things you shouldn't do by yourself: play mini golf"
"If u r going to pray, why worry. If you're going to worry, then why pray."
"Oh and tell your momma Happy Mother's Day!! :)"
"admit its an acquired taste...I hated raising Arizona first time I saw it but like it now"
"She Said Yu Guys Were Still Good Friends. *IWishYuWereHere*"
"Turn something negative into positive & see how much better you'll feel."
"“: I was just thinking that RT Milwaukee rappers <” fucking losers."
"Dude...I love her so much...ughh...."
"“Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.” Erich Fromm"
"FNY. Thought about telling you to do the same, but respect your opinion & work too much, & thru your work, like you from afar."
"El Paso, TX doin it Big Time! Having Big Big Name artist here! Houston's Attractions will lead the way! Everywhere else too! SMG Venues!"
"stop both of u are weirdooss."
"Im not roshon, im part of his promotions team! :)"
"Yael Sternhell's Routes of War: The World of Movement in the Confederate South (Harvard University Press, 2012). It rocks."
"Some one should be hang at Penn state"
"I'd camp out in Nome before the financial district!!"
"and so was Getzlaf but he was funny... Triple fisting vodka sodas"
"Winners never quit and quitters never win. ~Vince Lombardi"
"hahahaha I know ;) lucky :)"
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. --Ayn Rand"
"Wish was selling a vitamix"
"actually I said German but now am not sure. Maybe Polish or something else. It's a fave breakfast food in Houston"
"the ending still hasnt been written yet...and the previous history isnt in their favor."
"haroses made/rents already ignoring me/off to Chinese 4 dinner/ah Passover!"
"#Brewers win! And Bob Uecker sounds like he doesn't care...No emotion and he didn't even say Brewers win..weird."
"Hey! Yeah, Twitter was boring without baseball!"
"If you know what #CAFA means, RT"
"Good thought, sociability creates opportunity!"
"You cute, you cute ;)"
"kind of sounds like that song john doe but its cute i like it..."
"I miss when i was like 7 or 8 and i was jammin' to Jesse McCartney"
"I like sparkly."
"True that. RT I would actually care more about Apple's big news if their products were anywhere near a reasonable price point."
"80 therapists are learning from Jim Thomas today at our Fall Family Therapy Workshop!!! woohoo!"
"Maxie's Southern Comfort with the lovely"
"60% of the pollution created by automobile emissions happens in the first few minutes of operation, before pollution control devices can..."
"Damn dog nearly took my arm off trying to get at some creature in the park. It was probably a squirrel."
"RT : Congrats to & for success of new docu film exposing crazy politicized textbook process in..."
"I will praise the LORD, who counsels me; even at night my heart instructs me. Psalm 16:7"
"Cute girls, why dress like justin bieber? Another thing, \"what's up bro\" is not a way to start a conversation #realwomen please help them"
"I'm back in #Nashville through next week to engage in what I hope is the very last battle in my fight for innocence."
"I used life threatening, meaning judgement may determine a particular moment would be a bad idea to confront some people."
"Thank you Chris!! Please let me know how I can help!"
"elected mayor is an idea which has failed to capture the public imagination"
"#getit thanks, rick! bringing those envelopes out right now..."
"Unrealistic? That was intentional. Insufferable? That was not."
"Thanks for sharing!"
"Lets go Rangers! Here we go"
"Cookin' Tunes recital is (((TOMORROW))) @ 7pm at Grandma's Music on the West Side!"
"Slowly realizing that I went bowling with you, and Eden a few years ago. Small, tiny little worlds."
"I forgot how hot Texas was in the summertime, Florida only gets to the high 90's and that's killa"
"At SDLFF enjoyed \"El Regalo de la Pachamama\" taking place in the Bolivian salt flats; a docu on \"Dzi Croquettes\" a Brasilian drag group;"
"yes I will be in touch soon!"
"she tweets all het fans. ill be tweeted one day"
"Saturday night in the library! The life of a law student."
"Say it isn't so. I thought it was about just creating needless work ;-)"
"sounds like someone else i kno..."
"Im horny"
"what about the coffee pot?"
"Why do models always look pissed off in casting waiting rooms? And why is everyone so quiet?!"
"Half of my diet is bar fruit.."
"Alex will you be around tomorrow at Baltimore and Green? I have your sandwich"
"Are you going to #Rio+Social June 19?"
"Lol hell yea"
"hm, just signed off an email with \"ps. fuck yea\". looked good and made sense. might make it part of my signature."
"Refresh Mint is my go-to fav!"
"oh my!"
"Happy Monday! What's getting you through this week?"
"I should make a bunch of stuff that says kony2012 on it and sell it then I'll be rich by the end of april"
"Ppl want to talk about ugly ppl and can't even look in the mirror on themselves"
"Rev Al Sharpton Know in his Own Religious Book. the Bible Lev. 20:13 man lay with man, woman lay with woman says it a Abomination!"
"First day today. Excited!"
"Just gave a talk in #lakecharles, LA on #dreamingofdixie. Talking to a class tomorrow. Hope to learn more about"
"Quick meeting, then off to the with to catch up with some friends! xx"
"Out with the old in with the new"
"i love how can tweet absolutely anything and still get 100+ retweets :)"
"Lookz like we're gunna make it!"
"RT “: RT : I'm telling you... \"don't fuck w me mayne\" <-- (Tony Montana voice)<---Hahaha your a fool”"
"cute guys Happy Birthday to you A-Meezy (:"
"Oh, and thanks for the follow! And back at you!"
"Hopefully ill feel better for the dance tomorrow. #sick 😰"
"I think i have gained myself a little crush deep inside.<3"
"Live, love, and laugh. The three L's of my life."
"who tryna fight you ."
"so, i wasn't sure whether or not to share this, but i did get an email this morning from that guy from last night..."
"Hooray for -"
"WHY HAVEN'T YOU GUYS TWEETED US ANYTHING I'M REALLY WORRIED SO PLS TWEET SOON *MUAH*"
"no, it's just been really fucked up. Could hardly make calls or texts"
"I'm about to shoot someone. "
"\"Okay, brain. You don't like me, and I don't like you, but let's get through this thing and then I can continue killing you with beer.\""
"I was missing you on IG & Tumblr! But I know that means things are great in CA so !"
"They WOULD call me from work and ask me to be there tomorrow D':"
"dont forget Joseph G-Levitt is in the #lincolnrva movie. dude is going to be hanging in #rva and we will become friends."
"Thats so sweet(: Cherish your time with them!"
"what did he say?"
"where r u getting a tat at? Loves this new BB locale...lets meet for a drink here soon!"
"I love that my predecessor here at work set the iMac to auto sleep at 5:10pm. :)"
"My evil plan worked! Muahahaha."
"Profit in business comes from repeat customers; customers that boast about your product & service & bring friends w/them. W. Edwards Deming"
"95% of CSU faculty voters authorized a series of rolling strikes in the fall!"
"gangster RT : Smart , I was just reading the story, slick. cc."
"If you had to make an estimate, how many times a day do you enter a login and password?"
"#SuperBowl coin toss=#heads Fun fact: heads is heavier so it usually lands on tails about 51% of the time when people toss me."
"God is truly beautiful & rich in mercy // please don't take Him for granted"
"Im cold"
"Girl you must put yo shoes on before yo socks, Smh must"
"Twins got just one hit tonight? Scott Ullger is the worst substitute manager ever."
"..still setting it up. and ill mk sure u get it."
"Ok, follow me please!??"
"I hear ya on the sun.Things are going well. When it gets warm, let's set up a date for beer or sausage races."
"So far Kansas looks really boring.. #fieldtrip #geology 😒🌾🚌"
"I'll find out, if not...there is always public transportation!"
"getting there, slowly but surely lol. Happy new year btw! it was nice seeing you at bb"
"lol! Is it a play ?"
"Hopping the fence with a dress on is rough. Hope everyone thought my panties were as cute as I do"
"got decent sleep last night, hopefully the jetlag is over"
"Love my parents! Thank you for being so supportive!"
"This lady had her entire family tree on her back window including a fkn bird and 10 other pets."
"Superbowl ads a solid C- so far"
"Pulled myself together and made it in to work this morning even though I really don't want to be here. Can it be January 2013 already?"
"I vote for Botanas!"
"Hadrian's Heroes laying the smack down in the name of heavy rock! Currently playing at the Church Rock Club 69 Kilmarnock St. Boston, MA"
"Just joined pollen.com. I have to find out who's killing my nose."
"i love your cheeks. <3 (:"
"ah lol well mobile phones will replace computers one day so i guess it was bound to happen"
"I used to think Lugo was just short for Logomasini"
"It is prosperity that gives us friends, adversity that proves them."
"Can not wait to start throwing parties this summer"
"Haven't heard Waking Dreams yet? Want to? You can hear all the tracks at www.chrisdingman.bandcamp.com"
"Seems like there's two types of homeowners...those who've had a bad experience with a contractor and those who know someone who has..."
"Yesturday woke up 7 a.m., 11 a.m. got wisdom tooth pulled. Came home & took afternoon nap), then tattooed from 7 p.m to 6 a.m. (13 hours)"
"Ok my dude keep me post u see that Citi Movement it's bout to get crazy"
"hi im a new Author"
"I know how to create clipping and layer masks in Photoshop now! Thanks, Training and Development program!"
"The lack of #Twins tweets in the last hour is a testament to how amazing we are playing"
"1982 does have some powerhouse films. The Thing is one of my all time favorites."
"Rain delays are the worst!"
"Please someone stop me. I am going to hunt Tebow down and KILL HIM"
"Still waiting for the airplane commercial..."
"Come buy our new ep at the Clifton Heights Music Fest on April 7 at Roxx Electrocafe! Sassy will be closing out the night. Only 3 bucks!"
"OK, enough #France2012 tweets. I know ya'll not here for that."
"Dear john <3"
"I seriously want to fuck that ass."
"Who at klusoz tonight?"
"The Harvey Monster just asked for some soup, I said not until lunch. He replied: chowder?"
"So, who's planning on voting for Honest Abe over Scott Walker? Anybody?"
"You'll love it! It's a great 2 days! Great 3 days if you're Dopey!"
"Today is 4/20......Earth Day! I can't wait to see Chimpanzee the new Disney Movie, released today. 🐵"
"#SportingKC will win tonight. In case you are wondering."
"Hey World!"
"Selling dope doing hair and watching kids all at the same time"
"I'm so proud of myself for getting 7 new tumblr followers in the last two hours<3"
"Nothing like sitting in \"class\" bored because it's piano lab. I feel like talking a walk through the halls."
"well crap. At least it was the chocolate?"
"Remember when all these heat nation fans.. were cavs nation fans lol"
"Getting a haircut always makes me feel like a new man."
"Mellow and merry day with my folks. Off to dinner very soon, bring on the good eats & wine!!"
"My ex keeps trynna kiss me lyke dude ihave a new Bf already"
"#dolphins HARTLINE can get it"
"hahaha that nasty! :) what you doin loser"
"he lives super close."
"Just got out of class and am hella tired. Last week of school. Graduation is right around the corner....literally."
"Every person in this bar went to my highschool. Reunion time."
"on independent community-based archives"
"looking forward to getting some painting done this weekend."
"Shouldn't have done that. I bother you too much. I'm sorry."
"haha, that's a good song"
"that is cool!"
"Plan Ahead web site http: //www.planaheadnow.com"
"We're hiring. #Project #Manager position is open! Are you an energetic PM with #magazine experience?"
"After going to bed at 11pm the last few nights, finally feeling much more myself tonight."
"its raining tis pouring the old man is snoring in nyc today"
"The Mini Skirt in the 39Teenies39OASAP High Street Fashion Blog - tights and leggings"
"just watched #TheHills. wow Heidi. wow Kristen."
"how dare you"
"Hey Lady..."
"not today, i will when i get home though... i took 2 advil pm about 30 seconds before i hit my head- oops"
"How do you feel about The Creatures?"
"Posted! Haha I am awake because I got caught up in my netflix!"
"The day u leave is the day i die<3"
"just watchin airwolf w the cat"
"need to know more."
"busiiiee bay be"
": I marched down to ORD & found our bags myself. (Also? Huge box of sad unclaimed books in their storage room.)"
"Awesome song! rocks! RT : LET IT GO by RT What song are you #NowPlaying?"
"I got weepy bringing Lucy to get a minor procedure done this morning. Hormones or just true love for my faithful buddy?"
"I think you have a great thing going...can't wait to see how you evolve! Enjoyed my visit BYOB."
"RT : Great job by on outlining concerns facing school and public libraries, especially issues!..."
"today has been such a blah day i need another job!"
"is snoozing lol!!"
"I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom. -Angus Grossart"
"Happy #easter Seattle."
"I might drop a bomb of myself on soldier field, what you guys think???"
"i need some change in my life and some new guys ;)"
"Answer: Whales. Good thing there isn't too much call for whale hunting in that state."
"When the devil tells you you're a failure when he says you'll never amount to anything put him in his place, then dare to follow your dream!"
"I need to get writing over some of my music."
"So happy to be back in Miami for a few months to get fully caught up with projects, good self-care, and reconnecting with friends here. Yay!"
"Bad day ahead."
"almost my entire roll of photos on my iPhone are of my dog ;) with a few beers mixed in."
"nice to meet you too"
"good luck! I really picked the best weekend to visit NYC. Atleast I'm not in an evacuation zone..."
"I'll pass your suggestion along to the Foxies, but it's so small & fast paced there. Not sure where they'd even have room :)"
"...Dont u hate it, sweet dreams ;D"
"2 songs recorded last night....1 more to go tomorrow night!"
"Hopefully im the girl for him"
"I felt a great disturbance in the 4th, as if millions of voices suddently cried out in terror and suddently silenced."
"How stealthy are you with tweezers? Or rather...your friend. Lol"
"- Wishful Drinking is one of the best songs I have heard in a while! Come play in Georgia sometime...I'll help make it happen!"
"Fuuuck finally on break. Now to sit at subway for an hour :)."
"Dear - I've been waiting for a response from support for 9 days while my custom domain (and therefore email) are down. ETA?"
"only because i let kids make fun of my outfits."
"Gosh I love Harry Potter weekends on ABC Family so much."
"We're off to a great start this evening for Spring Break Destination Education!"
"You know somethings up when people are telling you more about witches and demons in church then the word of God!"
"Let's keep the movement going for #trayvonmartin and everyone like him, love is greater than hate"
"I believe it, I do not think that I get enough opportunities to hear about success stories that are local."
"So High I COuld Eat A STar!"
"Thanks man. I'm glad you got to see it."
"U.S. government activities related to immigration and the ability to audit such funds as is enjoyed by the UN High Commissioner for Refugees"
"Thanks for the mention, Mike!"
"I come home and the first thing I do is sit on the patio and enjoy an iced coffee with momma bear 💜"
"OH: I play with my hair like does"
"Are there any good paleo apps for the iPhone to help keep you on track?"
"nope but I wish I was :)"
"I agree! It's the death race!"
"Does anyone else think Angelia looks grossly skinny?!"
"Fine, Wolfgang at Webster with and Steph."
"OK I got ya back on the follow, PEACE"
"Now I know how hard it is 2 get followers I have retweeted lots of people and ONE of de only people 2 follow is thnx a lot!"
"Sent baconipsum.com to my friend... but his company blocks the site! Thinking the company must be run by vegans..."
"I love Twitter!!! lol but im gonna go, gotta get ready to go out tonight, bye bye twitter :)"
"change the bio and add Ur name (: delete the other one"
"Anytime brother. Hopefully I'll see u at"
"The time of miracles has not passed."
"What a PERFECT morning"
"Happy Mother's Day!"
"I have serious garden envy."
"Stuck at home because hasn't plowed our street yet. What's up, Bloomington??"
"I know ugh"
"If you think that your role in a meeting is to spew germs into the air the entire time, maybe call in next time"
"I want a dog so badly too, but my cat would have none of it."
"The laws revolving around illegal entry or overstaying are found in Section 1325 in Title 8 of the United States Code."
"Thanks for the follow ! :)"
"The 24 hour live show was amazing today thank you very much and for doing it, my week was made so much better <3"
"7 Month anniversary of #1 Girl & 2 Month anniversary of Unexpected Arrival Tomorrow.. :DD"
"I brought Gville tonight It's bring the sounds from Orlando hottest Friday spot Roxy"
"Want to manage your lines through the web? We're rolling it out TONIGHT. Add/Delete your lines online and then run them on your phone!"
"GOOD LUCK!!!!"
"BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HOLY SHIT I'M FRAMING THAT TWEET"
"Live tweeting from #UChicago #JimCrow symposium. Literature and history of period. In solidarity with"
"I bet you have never even read the Bible."
"Saturday. Chocolate. Heaven."
"When you write it you should make a show of taking it out of your backpack and putting it on your desk for inspiration. LOL"
"My insecurities could eat me alive."
"Bob, do the Pacers have a chance VS the Heat? Are they the forgotten team in the playoffs or will Miami roll?"
"You are invited to attend the MVP Meeting Tuesday September 13th at 5:30pm in the Carriage House!"
"Hey Coop.... I Love the relationship I see you having with your Mom. I LOVE my Mom!!!!!! Happy Super Special Moms Day!!!"
"RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!"
"see my tweets with"
"Woot! \"Mind blown\" is our favorite metric. RT : just introduced me to and totally blew my mind!"
"On the board with 2! Come on #Brewers, rally time! (really? 2nd inning is rally time)"
"#ICantStandPeople who play with people's heart."
"a shallow bowl."
"Today is the 7th anniversary of the election of #Pope Benedict XVI to succeed JPII."
"Why is the library closed at 5 pm on a weekday?! Boo."
"If a primary school in England decided to name itself after Mary Wollstonecraft, what benefits could it reap?"
"Got some Death of an Era merch?! Post pictures on our facebook wall and include where you're from!"
"Great store audit today. bam!"
"“: Can people not have a guy friend without thinking that you like him?! #immature #comeon” Ohh schnapp she said it!!"
"what kinda trend did I unwillingly start?"
"A man a plan a canal panama"
"aw thanks :D and idk my moms said I have stop buying stuff after how much the tickets cost and we still have to buy (c)"
"Deja Vu Come in to hang with the hottest girls and smoke the best new hookahs flavors!! Free Limo rides! $75 bottles of Vodka!!!!"
"Send me sum beats cuzo??? i need sum heat for dc terrorizer GOON MOLLY"
"hahaha. Tell me about it!"
"I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both! I'm totally tired :L"
": I followed you"
"#sprint: you are going to let me buy a new cell phone 5 months early, or I'm going to #officespacetreatment this pos #evo4g. Worst cell ever"
"I fucks wit that Team: ...the characters names in the avengers are \""
"RT God always has your back!"
"ALWAYS great seeing you! Hope your cat is ok."
"busted! no excuses here. might as well lock us up"
"Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 84"
"If happy ever after did exist. I would still be holding you like this."
"If you are an underclassmen and you honestly don't like me, unfollow me please."
"Westbrook looks like a legit clown"
"Super! (We are only based in NYC, hosts and guests come from all over. We'd love to have you on! I'm looking for you on Google+"
"Demographics, psychographic and socialgraphics = competitive advantage in a noisy online world of advertising and marketing."
"Kylie Minogue Aphrodite CD Release Party Friday July 16th. To get in FREE TXT names of u & ur guests to: 7034073810"
"Perhaps it's one of those cosmic ironies that Christopher #Hitchens and the #Iraq war both came to an end on the same day."
"Great show last night! Let's do it again. Wine Cellar in #mtadams tonight, 9pm. Jason Cooper on drums/vocals."
"#LiteraryEvent 5/15 7p : Author #reading “Wild” (Amazon’s Best Books of March '12) #hiking #memoir (free)"
"\"Don't place too much confidence in the woman who boasts of being as honest as the day is long. Wait until you meet her at night!\""
"Have you seen the #NBA jerseys today? Los Bulls v. Nueva York. I love it! Spanglish in full effect!"
"Bummer, no winners from today's contests. Keep a look out for a couple of chances to win tomorrow!"
"Did you remember to vote today? Can't start to change the world unless you go to the voting booth and express your opinion!"
"Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break."
"We know you drive smart. Now pick smart. Choose She really wants an R8."
"An informed public...who'da thunk it."
"From \"Chicken in Every Pot\" to Drone on Every Corner in 3 generations. Go to your City Hall, see what Traffic cameras show 24/7. I DARE YOU"
"My 5 yr old Cousin just said you just shitted on ureself -__- I'm like Uhh Excuse me?! Lmao. She's like nothing -__-"
"my mom just spent a good 10 mins watching videos of sloths"
"haha me and Rondo are #besties - we will win the rest of the games for this round ... I can feel it"
"aw shucks....i'll scream obscenities at the opposing team in your honor."
"People don't change.. they either become more.. or less.. of who they always were!"
"my boy just layed down some chords so deep that he took it to a #Jesus level..wow"
"I don't even know if it would've been legal for us to watch that movie in there!"
"my iPod lock button thing won't work. It's sunken it! I set it down and it was fine then 10 min later when I came back it didnt work! HELP?"
"\"You've lost that loving feeling\", the most played radio song of all time, has had over 60 years of air time in its 48 years."
"hats off to Ivar Zeile & Ryan Pattie for Urban Encounters: SightLine & to the amazing video artists your work looked gorgeous! Want 2C more!"
"we're glad you dig it!"
"I did my good deed for today- I gave handicapped/disabled people some food (many were unable to get to a store). How about you?"
"I like peanut butter cookies and.... I'm not racist"
"Google voice transcription of supercalifragilisticexpialidocious: super calloused fragile mystic X, paella dealerships. Not bad, actually!"
"#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Save Me"
"now if only he did that in a #Mariners uniform.."
"775k at ft of 10. Lost a big pot b vs b aq < a6 on a2364 board"
"Hey , so this weekend we will be in LA, any chance of a siting?? :) for birthday?"
"RT : If you chase two rabbits, both will escape."
"While you're there, swing on by to the OpenGrooves booth tonight at the Battle of the DECKS at the Fish Head Cantina tonight at 8pm!"
"no no not really"
"I need some non-angst fan fic recommendations to get me through the next few days."
"The real danger of chewing gum at school isn't being caught by your teachers, its being caught by your friends."
"Went to golden corral in saint George, UT, USA. Pretty cool place with an awesome people and a good food!"
"Merry Christmas to you all! Please remember the less fortunate out there"
"I have the urge to go to Von's and spend my textbook buyback money on vinyl."
"so excited !!"
"BOY do you look uptight."
"Love that saying about feet hitting the floor! TY!"
"ya geez who does that guy think he is..."
"I Ball Hard All Year Nigga!"
"Yes. I love that. \"It's just stuff, moving.\" And how moving it is."
"RT MT : Thanks to for spotting this for #spruce types writing business case for"
"New Job. BBI In CFL. Here we go again."
"“: wow this is gorgeous ” yeah having a purple ankle is gorgeous. Yeah okaaY"
"I 💚 thunderstorms."
"don't disappoint cc"
"I'm creeping you"
"Haha. No, Mon-Friday. Im Cristian. Friday Night - Sunday Night Im Diamond Star. ;D"
"Ok I think I'm ready for tomorrow I figured out how to program the coffee pot."
"Their definition: \"socialism\", any govt or pol that wants 2 help poor (at all) &/or tax the rich (at all)"
"Looking forward to Monday. Got Work? Bring it on, we are ready."
"Please, please tell me \"hips that don't lie\" is on your resume."
"Smiling with you. Another day is done... and another tomorrow to kick #butt and take names."
"Journalism ethics in a digital era with Kelly McBride = interesting discussions"
"OMG I've just seen my first live three-nippled person! wow..."
"#imagine Dave dancing on stage with Austin hahahahahahhahahahahhahahaaaa"
"will never notice me.. and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much D:"
"agree completely! I do miss Dudar in there but come on last yrs team would have given up before 2nd half"
"At the crime scene lol"
"Thanks lady! Hopefully we will be up and running soon, you will have to come down and check it out!"
"i've got a small circle, gotta know the difference between friends and acquaintances"
"Wood/Castillo the only two I see. And Chulk for the Brewers"
"When did it become the Rockefellers job to feed other peoples kids? And besides that they donate a lot already."
"Nice to see some flowers and color instead of gray!"
"Tonight's spam: I've won the US Green Card Lottery! (Hate to break it to them, but I've had a green card for 40 years.)"
"Shut up yes you do » “ I Don't Care Anymore.. I Just DON'T !”"
"Doing me can include a lot of things tho. Doesnt always have to relate to me having bitches."
"lmao shut up .."
"Here's hoping for Romo rib shots all night long! Go Skins!"
"I miss talking to you the way we used. Everytime I want to message you on twitter something stops me. I miss you."
"It's encoding as I type."
"it's you"
"Not only Jeb Bush, but was a FL state legislator who voted for Stand Your Ground law. His hands are bloody too."
"I did*"
"I'm mad he called me little red riding hood though -.-"
"what's this about booze?"
"Good morning !"
"Have u guys seem Lark Voorhies (Lisa Turtle from Saved by the Bell), she looks way different 😳"
"Dear twitterverse: What's the best place to hear 90s hip hop on a Friday night in NYC?"
"someone has to keep a body on harden.. he is at 7 and is posing a huge threat tonight"
"The seed is planted. Be on the lookout for buggies cruising down 30th St. any day now."
"huh??? What album of me? There's one? Hhhmmm....interesting. I would have to check it out then. Thanx for the heads up, babe!"
"I thought it was just for wedding planning and apartment decorating... but apparently the Met and other places are on there!"
"We can't endorse a presidential candidate, but if we were going to pick a Republican, it would be"
"I'm pretty sure title XX abstinence prog predated santorums arrival in congress."
"no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out."
"If im taking pictures for a band at the SA show how do I get photo credentials?"
"LMAO !!! You are Funny! watch my first porn..! LOL"
": On NPR ystrdy A Huffington said he's wrong - U contribute to public debate of the news which is the pt of journalism."
"BARAJAS! Cash the ticket!"
"Things got downright acrobatic this morning at ! Inner thighs will be hurting tomorrow, thanks to instructor Alona!"
"So glad that in my neighborhood most of our neighbors, especially those right next to us, are great people."
"I was rushing sorry:o"
"Why do some folks only see Truth through a subjective perspective. It's like throwing away the banana and eating its skin."
"note for bio: \"war between the states\""
"Oh my gosh you're brother is special!"
"Love your work"
"They told me I had type-A blood, but it was a Type-O."
"Can i get a \"MAke it happen!!?"
"The Rolling Stones are Charlie's favorite band. So, of course, I downloaded the Hot Rocks compilation for him."
"I just finished a 2.07 mi run with a time of 22:00 with Nike+ GPS. ended too soon."
"Just as long as your here Siebs thats all the bday present I need"
"i'm in incheon, so i'm about an hour west of seoul. and no plans for xmas or nye just yet!"
"Agreed RT : I would be very happy if I was never included in a \"reply all\" email again"
"And getting not that much production from Elton Brand"
"Andre MIller is old enough to be Matt Barnes' dad. How does he go right around him like that?"
"thanks! Not a problem, I'm happy to help. Will they be sending you back again?"
"#inaghettohouse ramen noodle is always on hand"
"really?...... u what i think i knew that lol"
"i hate judgemental ppl.. give mf's a chance and expand yo horizons. bitch"
"Good girl, he needed it ;p"
"I like my music real loud, real loud."
"LMAO Josh Smith really just shot that????"
"C-Force enroute (roadtrip) to visit T-Force for his birthday. Should arrive in Ann Arbor around 6:30 PM."
"who ate them? Jessica? Lol"
"and trust me and listen wen i say some people are going to change"
"off to bed early, thankyouAmbien, adoo"
"#Bucks appear to have chemistry back - feels like 2010 team again!"
"Plexi 3 is playing tonight at Onopa in Riverwest!! $5 - Come out and have a beer with us!!"
"Celebrities in the Stands"
"Urghhhhh forever single '((("
"Yesterday a 2 year old ran me over with a vacuum. Today she is \"cooking\" me dinner and dessert. And just informed me I had a phone call."
"Psyched to learn me some PHP and MySQL from at"
"...considering Sarah Bakewell's book on Montaigne or an Isabel Dalhousie book by Alexander McCall Smith, or Hunger Games. You?"
"karma! I just put Sorcerers Apprentice in! ;p"
"#replacebooktitleswithbacon Margins of Bacon :)"
"But it's 6 games..."
"So damn sexy...can see my abs now...guns are getting defined...ham hogs all toned and getting slimmer...butt is getting tight...shapely pig!"
"I already told the teachers, many times, but they keep do that. it just SO UNFAIR"
"Final at 10 😳"
"RT Opening Day at Fenway Park is one month from today! Red Sox vs. Rays, April 13th, 2:05pm"
"etrade is lame!!"
"Thanks for the WARNING. hahaha"
"Heck of a win by Towson men's lax tonight over Delaware by 5. Very complete game. 3 in a row. RSTR."
"no problem and good luck."
"In Jamaica 90 women a year are killed by domestic violence. In a nation of 2.8 million, that is a lot."
"GIVING RANDOM SHOUTOUTS TO RANDOM PEOPLE!"
"If you haven't seen \"Dralion\" yet...don't miss it before it leaves your city. Best show that I have seen in years."
"This is the official Twitter for the Pittsburgh, PA based band Le Cachot. Add us if you wish to follow our happenings."
"why is Samardzija out?"
"RT : Play is so important~ it's the place where children integrate new skills."
"Ha! But seriously, that's a grand question. If they came from the earth, they wouldn't need umbilical cords would they?"
"Dude you got robbed on that facemask call. Nice play kid"
"hunger games?? Haha"
"I just heard a NIGGA say he fucked up because of slavery.... fool you 20 years old. I can see if you said racism"
"Follow me back"
"“: Excited for this weekend!! :)” why would this be? Hm? :)"
"PC tryn flame this lil short dude he said bet cha belt taller den u.... It damn near is"
"“One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.” ~ Bob Marley"
"It's the rap monger rap monster earl sweat attack conquer"
"Glad I got a 2:00 tee time instead of having to watch UK get embarrassed"
"Nothing sucks more than that moment during an argument when you realize you're wrong."
"that's on my birthday! But really, shouldn't there be 250.000 pets for it to be a million paws?"
"is the best friend that I could ever have in the entire world."
"*blushes* yes, it took us 55 tries, but it's now right. Also, our webmaster should be updating the site w/registration info soon."
"Hey ! That's a nice list there buddy! ;)"
"HCI question: Why did Wordstar have that huge menu that listed all the keyboard shortcuts? (Many kept it on while typing)."
"have fun:) where you dancing?? BDC?"
"That's lovely. Happy New Year to you all."
"So unbelievably excited that #Conan is back!"
"Why do you think its beneficial to advertise in a Calendar ?"
"seattle light rail just put to shame. but then again, walking puts the dc metro to shame."
"Quote of day on trolley. Woman on phone 'doctor said you can t get it by sitting next to me'"
"RT God turn the heat down"
"very sad. Watched as much as I could."
"When is Android 2.2 coming OTA to the Incredible?"
"Thanks man, I appreciate it. Just trying to have some fun with it, we'll see where it goes. But I appreciate the comment."
"that stairway shot has great color. I'll take a better look Once I get to a PC. Yes Im a PC."
"I highly recommend 's #30dayoga course. She helped me strengthen my home practice & she's an awesome lady."
"ok..leave all ur followers in suspense..I get it. Congrats."
"OpenOffice to the rescue! MT just attained MS Word..to fight autocomplete u have to do this retrospective stealth operation"
"RT : Hey folks. A new line of storms is forming in west TX and moving towards Oklahoma. Hang on. One more round to go!"
"awesome on 1690!"
"Just completed the Internet Marketing course! SEO coming up! Way to go Univ of San Fran and Todd Farmer!"
"Companies, #hospitals and non profit organizations alike have found #CST works"
"I want some money for the shit you fucked up at my house"
"Good morning from ! Check out our site: www.savetodaycentral.com for the best one-stop shop for OKC's Daily Deals!"
"the morning is a scary time to be awake in west nashville. s/o to my construction workers spookin' me."
"PSA: Dear Milwaukee men"
"Everyone follow !!!She has amazing tweets about Justin and Life:)!!! She can help you gain followers just DM her:) RT if u did"
"Who is currently using a #dating #matchmaking service, either online or off? We want feedback! Talk to us #single friends"
"Really wanted to see blink in sept. For my first concert and see and the boys do their thing but I can't afford it"
"Second day in a row I woke up and had to pee horribly bad"
"what's going on!"
"just heard your interview on ! I miss the Monday Show in SD w/ #ditch on KGB! #41 in ur program #1 in ur heart!"
"Chicagohoops Global Challenge!"
"Since I'm not running the marathon tomorrow, I'm sitting around making motivational graphics for my dear friend who is."
"Tomorrow I gotta work at midtown n then my job. . Talk about goin have to get a Relaxer"
"Lol well this sucks"
"happy valentine's day :) my boyfriend got me hello kitty stuff! knows me too well."
"Must be that new sales guy they just promoted!"
"RT : Yea I Know U Seen Them Giants Too! - yeah nigga.I kno u seen dem raiders too.-- We'll run down Yall chest LOL"
"Ok Ok"
"is smiling today"
"NO HE's NOT...he is taken lol"
"Never said she was,?"
"RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today."
"Did the #OccupyTO protesters make their point(s)? Is it time for them to go? Is there a next step?"
"you know they are talking about women in general, not just you!!"
"now we're opening up the town hall to comments / questions!"
"ouch. tough loss."
"I will see you there!!!"
"right when the song starts, yep."
"are you 18?"
"Bitch you get an F!"
"Katie and I planned that shes marrying James Franco&I'm marrying Dave,and then we'll be sister in laws.yup."
"Happy Birthday!"
"that my friend would be an advantage when you get old."
"They have moments...Sub Soul and Soul Story are usually good."
"I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 16:16 with Nike+ GPS."
"you need a picture and to actually tweet something if I am going to follow you."
"no school all day"
"hey !! check us out, you won't regret it!! We'd love to be on your live show!!"
"night friend who I wish I knew lol"
"Twitters changing in june? Or is that just a lie & spam going around?!"
"Ha. So true!"
"” listen, if I tell you a monkey can fly an airplane...you just clear the runway.”"
"Yes I pinky promise"
"890 followers! 10 more and ill have 900!! :D"
"good luck tonite"
"You made me laugh out loud!! Thank you, sir :P!!"
"Thanks to Carnival of Cleavage, Circus Della Morte, and everyone at the Attic in OKC. We had a blast last Saturday night!"
"CAN I GET AN I <3 My fanz!?! Please <3"
"I wish, in Monroeville."
"sorry, I don't have any email from you. Can you please resend when you have a chance?"
"I can do it but it will be a very fast review - due at a friend's at 2 p.m. for game day. Email d.patrick.sweeney at gmail"
"Please follow and we follow 100% back :) Love u :*"
"In reflection of the movie the happening, the best part was where the kids got shot-they were almost as annoying as the movie"
"i don't want to present anways..Hope me & keli go on monday."
"RT : Chun: Tools we use to augment reality have come to supplant reality."
"if i was one of the first 100 people at chick fila today, this would been me \" give me a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries for free! :)"
"LOL'd at session one. Very odd way to start the day. Can't say I'm surprised with what I've seen if other cons."
"Goodnight y'all!"
"#AskNathanCameron When am I gonna hear the previews to your EP?"
"Realizing now that, as a runner, I should've been living in the Museum District this entire time. Being this close to the Rice U trail rocks"
"This! I can't wait to see you guys again! {RT : Missing my #QCMerge friends! I'm lookin at you !"
"good thing you guys are safe and no authoritative figure can get on this safe site to see this convo that could be a text"
"lol I was guna go but my ass was tired from the night before. Lol"
"Gonna be one of those days where I don't get anything I want done."
"this job... \"did you happen to find any illegal substances in the bathroom this morning\" uh, no?"
"follow BBTFactory's CEO Dana Randall"
"I've always wanted to catch a Type O show on Halloween, it's unfortunate that I won't be able to anymore..."
"Whether called telecommuting, virtual office or work from home - remote working still has mixed acceptance 2 decades after first introduced."
"Cardinals just missed on a great opportunity."
"God, I love One movie down, and one more to go- such a great night of quiet me time"
"Can't wait for next week and more of #Star! Loved too!"
"We are currently working to resolve the Twitter DM spam coming from our page. We believe in fashion. Never spam!"
"My wife is always running late. I think her ancestors came over on the Juneflower."
"Quote of the night \"I don't need a new husband. I need a new vegetable.\" In regards to the #7yritch. Nice."
"I'm holding an open house on Tuesday April 5th / 11am - 2pm: Oxy Lofts 4547 N. Eagle Rock Blvd (between Corliss and Avenue 45) A Must See!"
"Got stuff for alexis' birthday :D ADVENTURE"
"mirror on tha wall, here we are again, thru my rise and fall, youve been my only friend"
"Man Im so ready to get off i might jump in the river and swim to the bank"
"I loved it but I just couldn't stop crying!!"
"i think i like heroes more better. heroes has a better understanding story line to follow"
"Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead."
"Google Drive provides alternative to Apple&#39;s iCloud"
"no i drove ! it was 8 hours . and yeah i did (: we go to iowa in 3 weeks ."
"Not till Wednesday technically, but it's my birthday week. :-)"
"When it take 4 minutes to get up 3 floors in an elevator you know it's bad"
"Down to 100 emails to go through after going through hundreds because I was out last week on vacation."
"Man at the carwash told me I'm the kind of girl that's too hot to be loved...\"lusted but not loved.\" What the hell does that mean??"
"will it be televised??? if so what chanel and dot sweat it you god playboy"
"Thank you and especially who made this visit to Nashville my most memorable.<3"
"I work at a grocery store, one of my employees called in on Super Bowl Sunday and said, \"I accidentally drank a six pack, and don't want ..."
"Three substances in chocolate and cocoa powder may mimic cannabinoid by activating receptors or increasing anandamide levels."
"\" #SIRI \" for #iPhone is like freakin #iRobot ! smh we all no where that ends......"
"Wow, so close yet see/hear/smell nothing RT : Firefighters on the scene 77 Underwood street NW with heavy fire on the second floor"
"Fuck stress, have sex."
"W.beyondthescoreboard.net I think that Kevin Durant has a strong chance of winning the MVP this year"
"You are just being human!"
"dam got to go all the way back up top into the county when it wasnt needed"
"How Are You <3"
"LOL fun :) OMG I think my sister is hunger games crazy , while I'm 1D committed (:"
"I would love to but I will be up two weeks before. Doubt going back up will be feasable"
"Man, I love the typefaces in old movie title sequences. Wonder if anyone has spliced together clips of cool ones and put them on YouTube?"
"#theworldsgreatestdjs its time we salute the dj."
"In Cincy getting it in right now with the seafood at JT's!!!!"
"Workin' like a mad man this week."
"Thank you for your support!"
"I would have wine"
"Wishing I was back in Ottawa this week; we have cold temps, but no snow in DC"
"One more week until SPRING BREAK!!! yayy:)"
"&#9730; Protect your Liberty"
"Dear world, despite my lackluster term paper, I thank you for the ability to sleep. Love Jose...PS Stop raining on my car!"
"Nice! Bring us a W"
"We'll look into it. Don't know if the NCAA will allow us to print that logo though :)"
"Be yourself, because life's too short to be anyone else."
"lol. You can have him for now. I gotta concentrate on this music. But yea they really humble too!"
"Auditions tomorrow and Sunday from 1-4pm for Sweet Charity,Jesus Superstar,Midsummer CSV Cultural Center, 107 Suffolk St, NYC ages 13-21"
"No, good mornight! ;)"
"would like to go to bed but hoping to hear that #pujols resigns with the #Cardinals. Have to admit, I have a bad feeling"
"you are absolutely correct!"
"Oh haha yeah I never go over there unless its for whole foods 😁 lol"
"I'm bout to"
"Ready for the match this Sunday. Glory Glory Man United!!!!"
"Paul Ryan says his budget closes \"special interest loopholes.\" Will he say what those are?"
"that ref is cheating smh"
"I want ah girl that takes my mind off of every other girl nd the bull shit life puts me threw,"
"TONIGHT LYTE! - THEN HOT PINK DELOREAN ON FRIDAY @ PARTY FOUL!! - THEN ROCKIN F*WORD 18 IN FLAGSTAFF - IF WE DONT GET SNOWED IN!! LOL.. ..."
"Getting very tired and heading to bed. Hope you had a good evening. Good night, Anita. :)"
"I am surprised you know what twitter is, seeing as you are old as shit"
"me either..."
"Picking up my new laptop...excited"
"MENU : What you'll never see again after buying a computer because you'll be too poor to eat in a restaurant Alfred. E. Neumann"
"man this girl chest look like a steped on honey bun lol"
"BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...$1 MARGARITAS ALL NIGHT!!!"
"Unnessecaarry road rage. watch out."
"can you sign my stoopid cd on Friday in Denver?"
"?Dogs are animals,you have no right to recommend execution,killing is wrong,they're are medications,what does this teach kids"
"Yes, we have to meet up! Let me know if you ever come to SD! You can always stay with me! :)"
"overheard office joke of the day: \" hey, its a leap day tomorrow\" \"we should have an office event, maybe a standing long jump contest\""
"I found playing last year that it helped my overall awareness of the sport. I think you'll enjoy!"
"BB in the house!! “: Hi ladies, how u doing'??!! RT“ dianepathieu Hi Stac!!!!””"
"ooh I do! Come over to my cube, if you dare!"
"I think you should join me."
"YOU'RE INVITED: Charlotte #sportsbiz executives gathering-Aug4 Admission: $25 direct donation to cancer."
"These ribs I'm eating"
"Ah baby. You know I love you. Don't hate me."
"I never sleep n I got big dreams"
"Hopefully we can be friends again and act if nothing happened.. hoping for the best."
"oh okay lol"
"12 \"Marketing Super Powers\" - #2 The Power of Showing Up - You can't expect to get more business or referrals if you don't show you care"
"Dont jump cuz! We got a game on monday!!! RT On my balcony thinking about life."
"new site is cool you should check it out"
"Heck yeah! : : Listening to and cannot wait for the new single! #citylights\" // June 4th Go Time!!"
"About to see some interactive theatre in"
"What Time It Start Again ?"
"Good thing we put up our screen windows yesterday so i can open up all the windows and blast my music #summer :)"
"You get a $15 best buy gift card at the waterfront store for test driving a toyota. Today isnt the best day to have people drive."
"hey got your message! need to postpone this idea, will let you know when we organize our thoughts better haha."
"Oh oh oh! Just thought up my next #GiveBig and it is SO good. Hope you think so too when it happens next week."
"Ha! NPP used to stand for \"NPOESS Preparatory Project\" At least now it's not an acronym within an acronym"
"#3WordsOfAdvice KNOW YOUR RIGHTS"
"happy mother's day to all the amazinq momma's out there! you're all beautiful! <3"
"I heard the Rubicon in Mission Hills is opening tomorrow... FINALLY!"
"\"Tell me something good, sista.\" \"Hm I touched Randy Travis' sweaty back today.\" Gah. I miss you !"
"It's been a damn good day!"
"Turns out that customer service telephone reps are overly ecstatic when you use your manners a bit. But really, who isn't?"
"ya why?"
"I'm missing my PTY peeps. Jennifer Guignard Pitts Jay Watson Ashley Thomas David Dunn. See you guys bright and early tomorrow!"
"We agree- Management presence is important for a successful environment! RT : Strong management...(Trickles downhil)"
"I don't think \"Levels\" will ever get old..."
"45 more lbs to go! Getting closer to my goal of losing 60lbs. Amino acids and veggies are the keys!"
"“: stop by at #sxsw and get some info for me if you have time!” trade show part starts tomorrow. Will do."
"WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:)"
"3000th tweet goes to :)"
"I want to see titanic 3D"
"It was good to see you yesterday!"
"follow me you and Megan are both so talented and so beautiful :)"
"do you get rental cars when you go to all these airports? If so, do you have a favorite company?"
"honestly did not see that coming. i'm an emotional wreck right now."
"Then we owe you many thanks :-)"
"#survivor time ... #onceuponatime is a repeat tonite"
"Glad you enjoyed the show!"
"I know I'm excited about it!!! I pre-ordered it a couple of nights ago!!!!!!"
"I'll finish out the season and see what I can do to make it work."
"LMAO U might be right, u could never whisper at Crichton"
"real parents don't relax not natural lol"
"RIP Christopher Wallace..AKA BIGGIE, AKA B.I.G, AKA BIGGIE SMALLS. YOU DEFINITELY REPRESENT"
"#Milwaukee Fire officials say a possible 1 year old little girl has died in apartment fire at MLK and Wright."
"nope. That was a once in a lifetime type of thing. I expect him to do alright but not THAT well."
"As am I! Mostly because I think SIBL is so valuable and I hate to see it gone."
"we used 1tsp of Xanthan Gum! Consistency was a little rubbery, but good flavor...more experimenting ahead!"
"Thanks for the follow! ;-)"
"Heading off to do a photoshoot for HerStory"
"so people don't know how to hit reply or copy and paste? You shouldnt have to change it!"
"oh thank gof"
"Financial independence is a result of focus and hard work."
"At the Dekalb Public Library, signing and speaking. Come say hello! :)"
"glad you joined our Tweet-chat! Good to see ya on there :)"
"yes, yes, yes!"
"Headed to the 76ers/Bulls game. These tickets are free compared to Flyers tickets. Good seats for playoffs??? $35!!!"
"Spotted in downtown Brooklyn: Guy wearing a Harrisburg Senators T-shirt. Almost have him a high-five."
"so, we bake the potato, scoop out the inside, stuff it with cabbage and then wrap it in bacon tightly and boil"
"its cold as fuck"
"I'm not convinced Denver's d is for real, SD hangs 28 on em tonight"
"Friday was Club Amnesia. Monday was La Pomme. Tonight it's Club Perks. On Thursday its Club LQ. Night life"
"and its never anything good."
"One day, well probably never, people will understand that yea we track athletes do travel the world. But most that time is spent in a hotel"
"Two days ago, 80 degrees. Today, #snowday. Crazy, but I'll gladly take it. That's life in Colo Springs."
"swiper! No swiping!"
"Do we know how much money they cost/spend?"
"Ch. 8! RT : Live implosion coverage & I will be on air at 2:28 am. in the chopper."
"get used to it okay"
"i could have been active on twitter if phones were allowed in college!."
"RT : RT : Watch talk games and more on Gerneration Gamer: Life Plugged In..."
"Barely got any sleep last night O_O"
"Very excited about tonight skill development session. Repetition at an intense rate in training sessions will form a natural habit in games."
"glad to hear it! As always, it's a pleasure!"
"I'm relocating to your beautiful city. Im looking for a sales job in the Atlanta area~please email me @ . Thank you."
"We ( ) watched the 1st 3 episodes & were dying laughing. Scary how you remind us of ourselves sometimes."
"I'm the shit. Too bad your brain hasn't filled that large skull."
"I'm managing that campaign. It's hard work but somebody's gotta do it."
"Glad we could help Tracey!"
"No sun in Cali"
"IM SO EXCITED TO FINALLY SEE MY BESTFRIEND NEXT WEEKEND!!!! #twitterless Qarch Hawk 😃😃😃😃"
"HAHA HEY! it's your baby too sweetheart!(:"
"Hear, hear. RT : Here's to the well-meaning gatekeepers."
"Hope to see you all this week in Soho!"
"Got sick from Anna :'( not cool bro."
"o la la you have date?"
"I hate snow and yes saw plenty of it"
"Just being me: feminine and free, I threaten the established order."
"I can scrub seeing Al Green from my bucket list.although the moments of magic were overshadowed by too much Vegas revue schtick for my taste"
"sox should send Iglesias to mets for D wright & youk, Lars Anderson to marlins for Hanley"
"Turbo kick time!"
"thanks for the follow. keep doing what makes you feel fulfilled."
"Philly will always feel like home"
"When I was almost raped by a security guard at Coachella& the law protects him, 'cuz I was not harmed through-- liquid filled"
"NBA is almost back? Nigga why am I giving them a chance again?"
"your messing with my head, boy thats what you do best. saying theres nothing you wont do to get me to say yes. x"
"A lowkey #FACT RT : Women are more sexual & freakier than men."
"Actually, \"Somewhere Over The Rainbow\" was a stunning moment on Idol"
"If you are looking for lunch plans, hit up the food court & head to the Artsgarden for Brenda Williams' performance at 12:15!"
"Me too"
"I raise my kids better. I don't know you. RT : LMFAOO DON'T REJECT ME AS YOUR CHILD BITCH! I will stabb you! Lol"
"LOL. Yup... that will be all... otherwise I would not be ready for checkout."
"Mos def lil bro. Im very proud of u. Keep up the good work. GOD bless. 100"
"History repeats itself, i'm an OF soldier."
"We are off to the Lone Star State for a conference and wish everyone a great weekend! What's one fact about your state you want to share?"
"I don't member shit last night fuck!!!"
"Feel most alive when u close to death"
"More ideas: build something that the copyright office can certify"
"thanks for the invite to throw. Means a lot."
"I would like my legacy to be teaching the masses that \"anyways\" isn't a word."
"Mobile won't replace game consoles. Also you clearly don't own an ATV, which is an iPad just on a 70\" TV ;)"
"Are you talking about me?! I totally need a cape!"
"Misplaced trust and old friends. Never counting regrets."
"Lmfao Milton is so gross trying to bang my mom.... SMH"
"Just found out what booty bumping is. Drug Inc. Is a fool"
"We know, we know. \"Did I just bring up Nazis at TribeFest waw-waw.\" at"
"#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it."
"Don�t play hard to get, instead play hard to forget"
"First game the Colts play in Jacksonville.... I'm there"
"I feel so good when I know I don't have homework when I go to school."
"Good sex needed. O.o"
"ya know i used to didn't like reds, but now i love them."
"Haha, I misread the hashtag for a hot second. ;)"
"Nets done in NJ, ending a lifetime of ignoring them despite living 15 minutes from the stadium. Will have to take subway to ignore them now."
"rumor has it that you guys are back together"
"hey there. :) I'm god and you :o"
"OH Benefit After Party: \"Is that girl wearing a diaper?\" \"No, it's a fanny pack.\" -"
"Au Revoir! We're jet-setting to Paris for the Pret a Porter trade show - Booth M235 at Portes de Versailles (Sept 3-5). Stay tuned :)"
"Camper: There's a leak over my bunk!Counselor: Shh! Don't make such a fuss. Soon everyone will want one."
"Should any company anywhere be giving their CEO an $8.7mil exit bonus?"
"Not too short for work. Adorable! Have you been submitting these to ? They'd appreciate it."
"Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen..."
"America is ran on religion. Its such bullshit."
"The beginning of the day I was border line insanity.... That lines been crossed.."
"I miss all you can eat free food all the time lol"
"Hurry it's hot out get a sweet pic of your dashboard thermometer.... nice brah."
"Thanks everyone!"
"You know what i really dont knoe . im just pressinq buttons . lol"
"oh wow i should've done that. id show her what \"real magic\" is. lmfao xD"
"My nights ruined"
"Lush Puppy fully supports my lazy Sunday goals. Not sure when (if?) we'll get out of bed. Bliss. :)"
"As for college, WA has a program called Running Start where juniors/seniors in high school can go to college for FREE!"
"I feel so warmed when I get a new fake Twitter follower. I'm talking about you,"
"Thank you for the love Sophie"
"was happening??? My gr8 g-parents r from ireland o i cant wait to go there and see it all!!!!"
"but I'd be love to hear about what you want to customize though. Might be able to add some support in the future."
"Love being able to not have a time savings thing-a-magig lol"
"Done with all the Whitney Houston coverage. No one gave a shit about her for 15 years-except to make addiction jokes but now we all care?"
"George Hamilton with #AaronsBowtie you mean."
"Standing back from the situation gives you the perfect view 👀🌇"
"Indians might not have any feet left. Over the last week they have shot themselves in the foot at least a dozen times."
"And did I mention no cover!"
"Whilst cooking I got some herbs in my eye. I am now parsley sighted."
"turn off ur ebonics spell check."
"think i give a fuck ? that's where you wrong hoe ."
"This country is, in fact, predicated on the belief that people have the capacity and the right to mostly manage their own affairs. Sheesh."
"Im bout to snap l"
"- Thanks for playing! Make sure you check back later to see the full story!"
"Arkansas fires coach Bobby Petrino - Tucson Citizen"
"funny old guy at Starbucks w/heavy Russian accent: \"that's too much coffee for a young girl like you!\""
"I'm happy to have all these cool new people to hang out with. Go stalk them on facebook!"
"If LG is an appliance brand to you... We're not friends. It's LADY GAGA."
"Stoked to see tonight!"
"You have until May 20th to vote online. If Eric wins, he will help prepare a meal for families staying at the house. PLEASE VOTE!"
"OK twitter world Im goin 2 make an effort 2 be more twitter active. I mean its not like Im doing anything, but making money"
"Yes! We still want empanadas at Union Station today!"
"I can't wait to see/hear my friends&co workers complain when there is no #Wikipedia. They should've been paying attn to the news."
"\"poor pooch, probably kept up with you for a mile or so\""
"hum D"
"omg tameka did just say that"
"follow me wheres_mykie"
"59 away from 900. Seems like a lot but i bet #mahomies can do it (;"
"“: So the world is falling apart and we're spending all this time talking about gay marriage? Pretty depressingly frivolous.”"
"Awww, , MPD just showed up with a survey asking how the bar feels that they are doing on the street. Shouldn't you fill this out?"
"guess what??"
"guess who this line for! All I eat is big sandwichs n bacon still aint get pulled over boy!!!!"
"What omg did follow us without us asking ? I'm dying. I love Nate."
"take everything! :)xx"
"Pompa: evidence shows that states choose to spend their money in other ways."
"\"What do museums do, if not tell real compelling stories\" Ford Bell. Come hear my story at COMPT marketplace #aam2012 Telling Tales Mulkerin"
"Another great EVENT on the way!"
"ENCOURAGE means to \"put courage in\" someone. DISCOURAGE means to \"take courage out of\" someone. Are you encouraging the people around you?"
"good to finish without injury. lol"
"Thanks to everyone for making the KattCast the most listened to #patCAST this year! There will not be a new episode until Monday."
"yes till midnight, but the kitchen closes at ten."
"i saw that was followin me nd my heart skippd a couple of beats team pretty p all day # ride for you until the wheels fall off"
"yup its packed in the bong"
"DOPE THURSDAYS STARTS AUGUST 20TH"
"I give up on this shhh. F### this."
"Hm fouled up Mother's Day gift to mom. She said they're resending it and issuing me credit, but I have no confirm of latter."
"Nutrition is for squares."
"I don't like heavy metal. I like only some rock."
"Done with work for the day! Treating myself to Chipotle. Hadn't been to one in years, but felt like going today. Then, haircut!"
"drunk ass nigga"
"That's fantastic -- welcome to the ROC! #ur2016 RT : Officially enrolled in university of rochester's class of 2016"
". talks about interuptions as idea urges. I dig it."
"What's going to happen when #JustinBieber nuts drop & his voice change? Huh? Huh? Huh?"
"i just wanna be relevant"
"Lady Antebellum announced that their OWN THE NIGHT 2012 WORLD TOUR will be in VA BEACH at FARM BUREAU LIVE AT VIRGINIA BEACH on Sunday 6/10"
"Hoping he'll stay away from \"No Holds Bard\""
"#international security"
"RIP Levon Helms... what a talent!"
"Nobody ever pays me in gum."
"My owner thinks I am an innocent sweetheart... Then I got a twitter ;)"
"what's a special dance lol"
"#Partitions look beautiful along with steely framework and marvelously portray your back and"
"only 17 points... no biggie lol.... still 2 and something quarters to watch :) #GoPackers!!"
"thanks man. I looked into both of those options and got nothing. But thanks man"
"both u and are stranded in Newton, IA. Hook up with them for a bus video!"
"And most of her opinions actually made a lot of sense to me, usually. Very out spoken about it."
"get here."
"CPA by day. Designing/creating jewelry nights/weekends. Am obsessed w/my new creative project. I am who I am! Don't do anything 1/2 way!"
"Oh, well that's cutting-edge journalism right there. :)"
"Send a Direct Message to win. Only followers can win the autograph"
"I woulda got you one girl!"
"You interested in a screener of The Los Angeles Ripper?"
"People on Vinny's wall are starting drama by correcting other people's spelling! ~Ashley"
"Its been a long time since I've had a home cooked meal"
"\": Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.\""
"Today's Meteor blog will be live from #blogwell. Meteor's and will be there! ."
"<<it would be hard to shift them out entirely. Q4."
"I love latestarts"
"At Sac Brew Showcase and Cap Beer Fest pouring Daylight Amber and Trein Wrak BIPA. Try ours along w/ all this other amazing"
"Yes, thank you for mentioning that"
"I just found out from that you were here today. Sorry I missed you!"
"Want to know more about art icon Donald Judd and his ties to the Northwest? Conference April 25: www.juddconference.com"
"Who the fuck took my pink lighter out of my car... I will find you"
"does wanting to drink a glass of wine before work make me an alcoholic or a fun loving drunk?"
"It's a cluster trying to get out of the valley :/"
"cypress hill and tribe called quest should do an album"
"i ate so much spaghetti someone kill me now"
"Thanks, that sucks though... RT : He passed out on the field. Think he got hit in the arm."
"Starting radio show now! www.wvox.com"
"just realized she pulled an all nighter on a saturday..studying... there is something wrong here... subconsciously preparing for lawschool?"
"yea so i couldnt sleep until four <-Kelsey xoxo>"
"Somewhere Over the Rainbow/Simple Gifts (Piano/Cello Cover) - The Piano ...: via"
"listening to AkOn and david guetta 'SEXY BITCH'"
"that is such a good idea!"
"Free at last, free at last “: Source: #Dodgers sale has closed. McCourt era has ended.”"
"They Be Fightin Over The Computer."
"can you try to get Bailey to follow me please! (:"
"good luck!"
"Things I am not doing right now: 1) watching \"A Walk to Remember\", 2) crying."
"alright I got a soccer game at 7 it should last an hour! So ur buying tonight"
"Sleep. Rest is your best friend at this point to give your body a recover."
"watching baby boi damn tyrese fine"
"diddy boo i already seen it"
"your welcome :)"
"How many time must this same record play?"
"Nope! Was just at 370, but I've already dropped to 966. lol"
"some very cool classes there!"
"Our open house is today. Please come by between 1 & 6 to see all of our green roof, living walls and rainwater harvesting displays. Fun!"
"Saturday night. Family dinner. Awww yeeeaaaahhhh"
"sucks bc her and Colin mesh well together"
"couldn't be better #george&weezy lol. I'm in a great place in life. How's it 4 u."
"She said black men made her horny...I just left"
"#WhatMakesMeSmile Your face :D"
"#NBAplayoffs east predictions Boston vs philly - #Celtics in 6"
"sweet! Congrats"
"Why does got to be so sexy? ;D"
"I love my Mac & my iPhone! Thx Steve for making it happen! What gadgets do you like? Your auto, blender, camera, & PSP? Shoot 'em for fun!"
"Hi Martin! Hope the site is useful. We're now putting up Loire valley pictures."
"that's why you use a virtual machine instead of trying to do PITA stuff in OSX."
"you call that light? The keyboard and dock are just dead weight!"
"I made my dad buy me the 1D cd but i already have it."
"Had tickets, but have to work. Everybody's here and I'll have a nice view from the KING5 sports office."
"Guess who's back ?:)"
"Looking 2 do Twitter & FB work on the side 4 cheap. If u know anyone interested please let me know. Need $$ to help pay 4 the twins delivery"
"Loving \"Life\" by Keith Richards. Thanks for explaining the roots of rock and roll to me."
"I put my Oral-B toothbrush thru the dishwasher and it came out like new!"
"Appreciate the follow and retweet!"
"RT : My iPad has arrived in Anchorage."
"hahaha you're so right that must be it"
"Should I pull the trigger, idk...."
"its like out of a movie!"
"name and school!"
"#4WordsYouDontWantToHear \"I cheated on you.\""
"I was wondering when that snow was going to drop and just when I got comfortable it starts to fall. Spring needs to hurry up."
"VERY excited to pitch and to be part of the event!"
"I need to find lady):"
"Love overwhelm me. I don't want to be hurt again. I just want to be free. I want someone that could replace what i lost. And to love me. :("
"I really want to charge for a webinar. I'm so tired of all the free ones."
". \"Expectations of students' technology skills not always accurate\" me: Thank you! This is the biggest misconception"
"Solution to sorring gas prices? Don't buy gas, for a month. Simple supply and demand."
"I work out with my fiancée. Really motivating!"
"RT : If you've never eaten at The Stanton Social in the LES, you need to correct that sh*t fast. Fantastic restaurant."
"salute big homie you had a good game"
"Hello :D"
"Welcome to all our new followers & thank you to everyone who gave to the #vaumc conference offering. As of Tues dinner, $108,500 collected."
"On the bus with my boo's & 'leyss ily yous guys"
"This remix is brilliant. #ESPNfirsttake. Lmao"
"Thankfulfor the birds chirping and sunshine today."
"you okay?"
"which came first the chicken or the egg?"
"Jacob the jeweler?"
"Daily I see dozens of iPhone 4S users tapping away. Never see Siri used...except when showing off"
"perhaps. shoot me an email at kristineide at gmail dot com."
": only thing better than mancity winning is knowing im in the presence of greatness that is ..."
"For sure!"
"About to watch Teen Choice Awards! :P eating a granola bar! Peace out peeps!!!! :) Oobi will always love u!"
"Supermoon Virgo Full Moon Magic at 11:10AM PST tomorrow! What super-spiritual spring cleaning are you going to do?"
"Thanks for input. I really appreciate it."
"RT : Andrew Lloyd Webber wants to do a Jesus Chris Superstar reality show. Tim Rice's response: Oh hell no."
"Breakfast in bed is a nice way to start today."
"Thanks for sharing the deals"
"Been a long time since I've been to a #SMCsea event! En route now with"
"\": NEVER SIGNED MY YEARBOOK ASSHOLE\"I looked for you in fourth!"
"ice cream+Switched At Birth marathon =great night"
"cebook page and like us."
"Any expert will tell you that if you want emotionally committed relationships then people must be allowed to be true to who they are."
"Childish Gambino if u havnt heared #heartbeat then u got no heart!!"
"Hubert already F**k up this country!"
"I don't play second option. You either choose me or you lose me."
"I still got it for ya'."
"hahaha! Last night I just went to the movies and stayed up talking with old friends!"
"The Commodore PET-2001 (1977) has the worst keyboards of any full-size computer."
"So I Was Tryin To Call My Lil Bro's Cell And My Older Bro's Ex Wife Picked Up And Said This Is Not His Phone No More"
"I'm a social media marketer in Seattle, work for a fine art publisher. In my past life I founded networking group"
"I would like to apologize for my sky is falling, they're done for attitude every single time the Caps lose a playoff game."
"when I saw you today I doubled looked to see if that was you ! Hit that gym bro !"
"I'll bring it to happy hour Thursday! Come on by Delirium-back room before 9pm"
"I'm #notinterested in a fine chick who aiint got a damn thiing to talk about. 411 hoe!!! Yu ain't the only. Good lookiin bitch in LA. WORD!"
"I feel special now :)"
"Day 1 of potty training Caden: Success! Ah, the joys of parenthood!"
"this cool where u from"
"An infield pop-up with the bases loaded drops harmlessly to the ground and scores 2 runs for Northeast. It's now 7-6 Galveston still bot 8"
"take me with you! I love u!"
"Thank you! We feel the same. :) RT : Yay! Thank you! Love you guys and the community you created!"
"surprisingly it hasn't hit us yet, but the sky looks like it could open up any minute. Hope you have a good one!"
"A brand is not just a logo, its your business ethics, personality, values & tone of voice."
"Seriously, do people see the disgusting irony of this? WI Gov Walker using state taxpayer monies to fight recall."
"Contact for more information. :)"
"has finally gotten caught up on everything."
"\": Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.\""
"Up...bored & alone of course :/"
"pretty much action and scary ;)"
". Yep, ' actual title is Master Data Storyteller :)"
"early bird gets the worm #JaFeel ? Lol"
"Morning my tweeps, time for some coffee"
"Finding a bottle of Swagger with a broken nozzle is like winning the lottery. There's no money, but you can still get laid."
"spent most of it taking antibiotics and sleeping!"
"Nice little cold front moving thru Texas I like......"
"I keep tweeting instead of studying . BUT HEY , Austin is more important then a test;)"
"another delay. #typical. I've started planning my flights around a guaranteed delay."
"Does anyone actually believe mopping does anything?"
"Love me some orange drink"
"Jeopardy video game for prizes on the big screen right now!"
"Think it's time to JAMN! Perfect short soon."
"- I usually blame the \"To Zanarkand\" theme."
"On my way to the gym. Music selection today - MJ's Dangerous album and Janet's Number Ones! Tweet ya later! Once again, HappyBirthdayJanet!"
"Want to chat with you about Grover Mitchell. DM me with your email address, maybe?"
"ive been close to death by almost getting hit by a car, i appreciate life everyday <3 i live like im dying 24/7 i love life 33"
"#Bears well get there ass kicked tonight"
"no problem! Thank you! :)"
"Retweeting makes people feel important!"
"So I found this song I liked along time ago AND I can't remember the name of it now. This is making me so frustrated. Meeep."
"Spy photos, sure thing"
"guh he standin at the patio door with nothing on cryin n when a lady walked by he said woo lol"
"42k #Medical #Office @ Country Club & Baseline in reverted to #CMBS entity with $2.48m #credit bid on $7.4m"
"Absolutely. First things first!"
"bases loaded for the second time; it's the second inning"
"We have #Playaway accessories, check them out. #Earbuds, #headphones, #replacement battery door covers and much more. www.showcases1.com"
"i know -.- dumb ass people! getting us excited for nothing and shiiiit"
"your welcome :) ! Its crazy weather i swear LOL Good morning"
"- We are proud to support!"
"Thanks for raising your hands and on open peer review participation - others out there?"
"I suspect the entire thing works better as a long journal article than stretched out to an improbable 250ish pages"
"Celebrating 1 yr anniversary using interactive touchscreens in sales offices! Blossom Grove in Carlsbad, CA kicked it off!"
"Sunglasses and Advil.... SWITCH last night was mad real!"
"I can't help it sumtimes I flirt without even noing got a number from a cute ass business man n a suite"
"need and r&b singer hit me up let me know"
"Vegas for the weekend! Loving it"
"are you still in the hospital? we won last night in your honor."
"Excessive imitations to follow another's success route will make nothing more than just a copycat."
"hi. come home. i wubb yoo. :)"
"hope she dont read that tweet though lmfao"
"I feel HONORED ... #Respect :) RT : #WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter - my first tweet was to my dear old pal !"
"Make sure to come to The Garage early tonight and hang out and catch all the bands!"
"No more ginger hair for moi.Dying it back to my natural color!(:"
"Due to it being our 1/2 haircut day, a lot of us will be there. Call us today and make an appointment."
"RT : I will defend the cultural importance, relevance, and awesomeness of disco forever."
". I cannot stand T-Mac, Wheels and Sarge toting the company line. The announcers should be like fans, not bureaucrats"
"it's impossible"
"Next to You #candyheartmessage for our #TweetHearts!"
"Well you've somehow managed to make it without me for the last month.. :("
"not funny. I'm not the sharing type."
"I just can't do it. I'm from Portland. I have to root against the Lakers forever or my children will be cursed by Portlanders!"
"Totally agree! RT : I feel like you can only get away with using the \"working hard all my life\" after 30."
"\"Gemini- Your family structure seems to require constant tending lately.\" - uh yes, I can vouch for this."
"Just had a guitar lesson with James Scott....feeling good about making progress!!"
"omfq my head hurts!"
"“ If your not paying for my shit, then you don't decide shit.” bow! bow! bow! *wacka voice"
"next time😘"
"I don't know why, but your comment on my GAC video on youtube was marked as spam. I tried to respond to you though :)"
"Get ready to hear from us Arlington!"
"Yum - that sounds good!"
"Thanks for having me on the show! It was a great experIence. I appreciate you guys helping out the rookie"
"Whaahoo! Great mood"
"Ayyyeee shout out 2my new follower ! :)"
"Thanks Joel! I'm so grateful for the many awesome products from Enjoy Life Foods. Hope you like the new book!"
"looks great! Hope to support! We are fans of Wole Soyinka and the NY actor Christoph (Who had a lovely voiceover)"
"i am so out of shape"
"Thanks for the Shout out! Always great to meet someone mixing interesting types of music!"
"Pres. Obama's speech to USCGA grads last May was warm and funny"
"“: Let's go New Mexico State!!!!!” typical"
"About to play in between."
"thanks for sharing with us guys!"
"glad you made it home safely!"
"The only happy people I know are the ones who are working well at something they consider important. ~ Abraham Maslow"
"Oscars: Good start"
"And made several vital tackles"
"I will miss you very much, my fellow Twitter Warrior."
"I wished up on a star, and you came true"
"when are YOU coming to nashville"
"Hitting Knoxville tonight. Watch out!"
"Whitney Houston is dead????"
"Yep. Or the Russian/Belorussian one. ;) Glad to see Frankie getting some good pub. He's earned it."
"ok. i hadnt heard much on springboard either. i caught half that presentation with mallory"
"Just want to ignore the world and watch Mad Men."
"Today is 11/11/11 Happy Veterans Day. There's snow on the ground here whilst my hubby enjoys sunshine in Hawaii. Maybe shoulda gone w him!"
"harmony singing, IPA, grillin out, new stereo, plate reverb, twinkle lights kinda day. still giddy from the sh*tty barn on top of it all."
"Starting my day with research about wine additives."
"See I done smoke weed w/ da best of yall,, shot at all the rest of yall.... my heart hurt like an old man high cholesterol.!"
"Skim Milk!!!!"
"thanks. was just telling my wife what an encouraging conversation we had last night. All the best."
"Had an amazing time hanging out with Andrea Lacson!!!!!!!"
"agreed... first one i could understand to a point being a mistake... second one was intentional"
"Happy #mothersday to all of the amazing moms out there :)"
"I feel you! I hate retail & food."
"turn-based strategy game called Proximity (unpolished proof-of-concept is in my twitter pics). Will keep eye out 4 Waking Mars!"
"Everybody's taking about Cedar Point & Put In Bay.... I wanna go. To both 😁"
"Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water. (I raise my glass to this one)."
"haha because i am fully dedicated to my academics here at northern"
"that's why you beat your kids with a belt, BEAT YOUR KIDS, OLD BLIBICAL STYLE BABY, YEAH!!"
"Lol....kid do not erase a wallpost it was a harmless question.... 😂"
"I really want to quit smoking but it's so fucking hard"
"mo some guy named cotton candy lmfao on America's got talent"
"oh okay"
"We offer free color consulting and free color samples to all of our clients.Call us for a free estimate and find out why \"we love to paint \""
"Not that complex. Just storing one value at a time in the field."
"ha love it might get it myself"
"Hehehe, it's *quality* not *quantity* ;)"
"Thank you very much!"
"Get ya'll mind out the gutter... Lol"
"reason #27 that I love my job -- the foaming soap in the kitchen smells nice"
"Everyone's happy about it!"
"Sweater puppets"
"There is no achievement without goals."
"hey I appreciate that man. God is so good and faithful! And I can't find the words to convey what He is doin"
"the revolutionary idea that what you put in your body will have an outcome, positive or negative...just like investing money"
"#teamCAPBENSON , wish me good luck on this test tho"
"phew! I was starting to wonder if there was a ripple in time..."
"Hey can you follow us back so we can DM you please? Thanks!"
"Woohoo! Go Ted! RT : Congrats voted weathercaster again by the Review Journal readers!! Always my Best!"
"Don't forget about #CincodeMayo tomorrow! How will you be celebrating? With a barbecue & margaritas?"
"Isn't the show at Terminal 5?"
"When developing business objectives, consider these 3 questions. Does it increase revenue, avoid cost and improve service?"
"And full scholarships-amazing!!!"
"Sorry Atheism isnt our established religion. We all think our beliefs R reality. I thought smart people could disagree Hmm"
"is craving Dunkin Donuts... would be proud!"
"Also, the Pixies."
"everyone got confuse u told korn dnt be mad nd i was like ayee i hear dat big daddy d but i still wanna see pics"
"HAPPY MILWAUKE 414 DAY!! We want to know, what you love about #Milwaukee? Let us know & you could be the winner of a $15 SURG Gift Card!"
"Put your boobs away, get your ass off the sink, put your middle finger down, respect yourself && then see how many guys will respect you."
"Hope not, by the way - don't want to sound like I'm hoping for anyone's death"
"Just finished watching the Marley movie."
"Tiger Woods is not a role model for young athletes. He should pay lots of his winnings to his kids and wife...and he can't apologize enough."
"I learned some important life lessons tonight I can play guitar with stitches, life isn't as bad as I make it out to be"
"I'm new to this twitter business."
"two cougars were checking me out at WFB city market on sunday. Only weight check in I need."
"Not worth a billion to lessen football game day traffic."
"I asked her nicely to put someone else on cuz I couldn't understand her. She kept yapping, I snapped"
"Meeting will still take place but Build Day is now cancelled. Future dates will be discussed."
"Joe buddens twitching and blinking hella like he hit Da dipper before the show"
"#401k Booth 419 Retirement Revolution. Complete Fee Transparency, 10,000+ load no load and ETFs, Lowest recordkeeping costs in the industry"
"thanks for following! How did you hear about me?"
"Paul revere"
"“: Wish I was cuddled up again with #oomf :/” but like for real where's #ooyf you stay needing someone to cuddle up with"
"Will do!!"
"OMG HOLLABACK GIRL JUST CAME ON PANDORA i did a routine for this when i was on Jr Luvabulls hahahhahah"
"Day 7 of #SXSW film fest. Attended 24 screenings so far and have about 12 to go. Good luck to #IUBB Hoosiers v. NM State!"
"That is an impressive office lunch!"
"you're in Seattle, and you didn't come to barcamp Seattle? Tsk tsk!"
"Game 7 snitches! Let's go"
"such a fan."
"Is 'epic' the most overused word in English? I've never been more tired of hearing a single word."
"thanks for the reminder! We're green enough"
"A family stitched together with love-seldom unravels."
"I don't get why anything I've ever done or said should shock people, but I guess I'm just not easily shocked."
"RT #Leaders who reinvent themselves see things in a whole way, therefore, they drive needed change in their environment."
"I've been called many things, but that's a first for veggie superhero. Thanks!"
"thanks Mark. a shot in the dark off a few descriptive words, let me know if he has something else in mind."
"No Leah! Bad influence!"
"hopefully you'll stop being a weirdo :) lol love you scotty bear <3"
"Lunched at the new in Westwood today. Restaurant review in the coming next quarter (next next week?)."
"oh how we have missed the food tweets David! :)"
"How are the resolutions going? Give yourself a long term goal to stay fit for all of 2011 and sign up for the Monumental Marathon"
"“: RT if… you are an #extrovert!” Everyone's an extrovert on Twitter :)"
"is there openings for vendors? I own a vintage tshirt company"
"which I'm looking into. Can I email or call you with details on setting change? Email: 0845 1300 999, thanks!"
"Congratulations to my #SDSU Aztecs!!! Cutting down nets again!"
"Me too!:/ RT : I wanna go watch the Spurs game at some restaurant with all my friends like in the good ol'days 😔"
"A healthy digital economy?: Naturally there is the 'public good' in the wider sense of clearly positive externalities for the public ..."
"P.S. worst #idol ever is still season 9. Crystal Bowersox was all that was worth watching and America screwed that up, too."
"#20ThingsAboutMe I'm honest about most everything."
"What's gd u do that track yet dog?"
"Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with"
"Hey guys! Our farewell show is coming up! April 9th Tickets are available early so hit us up for one!"
"Cool I am following you! I love your pics! You up at #NYFW?"
"yeaah, you'll get into it (:"
"not just working hard working"
"Glad you are so busy...I know your clients LOVE you!"
"you're welcm bro"
"The mailman just approached my desk and asked if I was into ABBA, & then played them loud on his iPod for me to hear."
"Is the best restaurant in Manhattan. C'est tout. Thank you for the rec!"
"I ate a piece of that evil chocolate cake for breakfast."
"what you mean sam pulled out? what did you shoot? and where the hell where yous playing, worlds hardest course?"
"I wonder what kind of trouble you can get in for borrowing a brain? I like how you guys have it worked out - collaboration."
"The boy i liked since 7 grade asked me 2 be his valentine like 2 weeks ago&i got him the perfect gift! Wonder what he got me? Haha :p"
"not to be confused with meaningless which is a totally different word!"
"Jazz at the Clay. Right now. Yup."
"I think its because everyone has the same provider"
"Looking at the \"Thompson House\" ad in the new CityBeat just made me puke in my mouth a bit. Show Tune Tuesday? Newport is Branson now? YUCK!"
"Spring has sprung."
"i was sad i didn't get to see god bless america when it was sxsw! i love bobcat. (p.s. i'll be in LA next week! can't wait!)"
"Who you are speaks so loudly I can't hear what you are saying. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"LMAO, yes it is."
"I've great, sort of! I feel like crap cuz i'm a little sick. I got a new phone, tho! :) I'm happy about that!"
"haha oh trust me she soo does! Daddy takes good care of his babygirl :) but you have my word, ill def tell her that for sure :}"
"People are stupid. Including me."
"i hate being sick ..."
"The Name of the Nose"
"SHOT. I should have made Harry sign '.xx\" on my 1DVD instead of just 'x'"
"Welcome back from Spring Break! Need something fun to look forward to? We'll be posting about some great upcoming GSO events very soon!"
"STAY AWAY FROM ELI BITCH!!!"
"Will the Lakers beat the SuperSonics tonight?"
"#planking may be silly but hey, people are working their core in random places...bravo!"
"sounds good to me;))"
"Enjoy your Tuesday evening"
"Its always the best as bitches who do the most talking lol wtf"
"Inclusive business model advice? Email asap if you would like my Univ of Washington MBA class to provide your #socent or #socinn advice."
"To find joy in work,is to discover the fountain of youth~Pearl S. Buck"
"heh. she popped up as a follow suggestion and I saw you're following her so.. ;-P"
"Vinny Can You Follow Me! You're An Inspiration To Me You Make Me Feel Like A Real GRANDER! I'm An ICONic Girl! 4Eva"
"I've always wanted full sleeves but it all depends on my career & if i'll have to wear long sleeves all the time."
"so awesome! Hope you ladies are having a fabulous start to a great weekend!"
"Thanks for voting the winner of and Pitch Competition 2012!"
"No one ever said I can't \"talk\" or never have anything to say...comment about eating in 3....2....1...."
"You were my first tweet! Now, I don't know what you just said? I'm trying to figure out this tweet deck thingy?? lol"
"its not bad it's young ! lol"
"Yes we can put on the list, what is your full name and how many?"
"so I'll see to ufriday or sat"
"It's so nice outside today...so this is what it feels like to not live on the face of the sun."
"Thanks Dr. Burns! I had so much fun researching and writing them."
"yeah...My tweets be bi polar as hell at times and Thank you same to you too! :)"
"Like my Facebook Page Jackie \"COVAgirl\" Wade"
"We are located on Monona Dr. & Cottage Grove Rd - stop in sometime!"
"shot me out. IF I DONT B DER MY SQUAD B TAKIN OVA ER FRIDAY...MHV/MITCHELL HEIGHTS VETS"
"Have enough sense to know, ahead of time, when your skills will not extend to wallpapering"
"Backing out of 's driveway and trying not to hit all her damn cats <"
"Busy, but good! How about you? Long time no talk..."
"oK, I admit, I am thrilled!!!"
"Dannggg I really wish I had some peach rings right now!"
"It's my night off. I am usually there on Thursdays! I will be around though. Are you stopping in?"
"Napa Hour will make your day better! 2 for1 in the BAR! Get your Napa on starting at 5pm"
"PHILADELPHIA, you're killing us. 9th inning rally? I'm closing my eyes."
"oh sounds tummy!"
"thx - always great to have you!"
"we will be here for u and ur PlaySport if I have any say in this. Thx for thinking of us."
"You tell me that you'll change if I be with you, but I already have someone that doesn't need changing."
"I'm not a fan of the guy, but he shouldn't be jailed. I don't think this petition and the whole #freebieber thing is going to do any good."
"-- I'll take a look at the app. Thanks for the reference and for tweeting #CCTC&C today!"
"Bitch I'm single, I do what I want"
"Who says musicians don't need math"
"That band always come to Boise..cant seem to get into them. Verse should have stayed broken up."
"Plus, I was COMPSCI, Math, with a fondness for English and Writing :)"
"#imagine being 's girlfriend and taking silly pictures with him . <3"
"Did homework for a class."
"Alvah T. Brewer « The Chronicle-Telegram - Lorain County&#39;s leading ..."
"Sorry #MadMen, the dialogue has to be a little louder. Can't hear the characters over these chickens that have come home to roost."
"I still can't really go there. Nothin against her, but all the girls at my music school sang that damn song nonstop all summer"
"forever misunderstood---that shoulda been my name...momma ain't know"
"Beliebers Are Very Sexy, you know what else is sexy?,"
"Ahh true true, welcome back my friend. Lol"
"I'm no expert but it would seem taking out your top assist guy and your best scorer doesn't give you your best chance to...you know...score."
"Still wanna Go out to Eat tho ."
"Having lunch with my favorite girl..."
"You ruined my night."
"Didn't expect id spend my night reading for 5 hours but I'm finished. Thanks regenbogen"
"Rigorous training builds strong ascedians RT I don't discriminate on my \"hard time\" giving"
"How da fuck we have 5 people in foul trouble going into halftime?"
"Celebrating a birthday or any occasion? We would love to host it! DM us & book your table/party today for"
"bwa-hahaha! Some things are better left unsaid!"
"Nah. RT: If u wanna get your car chromed holla at me I'll hook u up"
"THIS IS THE BEST NEWS EVER! CANT WAIT FOR OUR ADVENTURES! Bring it on Spring Break. dublin - london - amsterdam"
"Save yourself some $ and look for lessons on YouTube. That's how I learned harmonica for free."
"Seriously considering leaving a voicemail of this guy talking."
"That is fabulous! Very excited for you guys adoption is amazing! Praying for all that's to come."
"because there is no more room for books under my bed"
"hows everyone doing? :)"
"Saw a fast car today on IN 465: Once I would have wondered about the engine. Now I worry about its brakes. <sigh>"
"Our 2 best team goals of the season have ended with a pretty Nani chip -- Community Shield and today. Love it."
"of course we follow back. Are you local to Atlanta?"
"RT : Just got a full pat down at O'Hare. Tried to enjoy it but it was way too invasive. Did they go too far, seriously?"
"your dumb"
"Why does popping a zit remind me of the 4th of July?"
"Eastern Benefits Group SURVEY: 33 percent of employers believe Nat'l healthcare law is unconstitutional"
"is trying to reach status.... #FF her, especially if you love #cats ;)"
"any word on that \"CLEEEVELLLAND CAVALIERS\" ringtone?"
"thought I was influential about robots."
"k. im done bitching for the night. Sorry followers .-. lolol"
"she's the best mama :)"
"It's an 80 music type of morning. Today is goin to be a good day"
"Is Austin only staying in NYC for 1 day or?"
"now thats a bad ass tattoo . million trillion thumbs up ."
"\"Consequences turned me hostile\""
"Signs don't elect politicians, results do!"
"It's National Coffee Day #ROC. A day we need to stop and smell the coffee. Cheers to our cups of Joe for getting us through the mornings!"
"hold up! when is this happening?"
"coloring and playing with clay!"
"you killed it on Conan last night. Funny shit."
"hey! big boy"
"How is being charged for manslaughter and 1st degree murder not double jeopardy? Charged 2x for same crime."
"At Science Museum, plenty of buried treasures - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
"Subway for lunch.. Hell yeeeeaaa"
"My FKE kids were awesome, as usual. Hope to see lots of them over the summer at the library!"
"You are all of those."
"#asksarah if I go to San Antonio on June 13 for my birthday you think we can meet up?"
"I hope aint mad at me, BUT IM DEAD TIRED 4REAL lol ;)"
"“: Manny Pacquiao is somewhere laughing right now.” - #Truth ..."
"Ecuador's Pacari will be @ your favorite library for a FREE chocolate tasting tomorrow from 5-8 PM. #FreeInNY 111 St. Marks Place"
"morning mr Charlie"
"#treatyoself to post am spin class"
"Didn't realize I knew so many"
"I beat every level in Angry Birds...WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO IN CLASS NOW?!"
"We are a Social Media consulting company for the business that is looking to have a professional image online. www.allerentconsulting.com"
"My car is always clean what you talkin bout? Lol thanks for the flowers 🌹🌻🌺:) :)"
"of course not!!! I'd love to work with Justin beiber!"
"Just when you think you know people, they disappoint you in ways you never thought they could..<\3"
"follow back please?(:"
"I noticed that too! Are our fans just that much more chatty than others? Or is this a sign of some awesome news?!?"
"Another cold night ahead... FREEZE WARNING until 9am Saturday."
"That \"look\" makes it all worthwhile..."
"Im gonna be driving to school tomorrow!"
"SMSC Strengthens Consumer Electronics Connectivity Leadership with Digital Broadcasting Radio Relationship"
"i love you too aw"
"My vehicle registration expired yesterday. I paid the fee, but no sticker without a smog check. Uh, I'm not in CA. Hope I don't get stopped."
"An app contest in Baltimore would be a fantastic compliment to a new platform. Smart planning of such can curb common fallacies."
"maybe happening soon!"
"w you're too cool for me"
"I wish Bill Cosby was my grandfather"
"Tonight (3/18): Anyway You Want It will be playing the best rock covers live at Hard Rock Cafe. Tix at the door starting at 10PM!"
"I LOVE and together!"
"It might spark some creative thoughts.."
"Ahh yes, you will be missed. WHo knows what we will crash this year in"
"Been a little too wet around here lately."
"-Yo, hit me up when you get a chance!!"
"Just got a nice call from former Chiefs great Eddie Kennison. Good guy, good guy."
"is on the phone with a woman who is speaking so loudly I can hear her in the other room! He is going to go deaf!"
"Girl in lime green tube top - twirling your umbrella on the corner is not helping your case. Sincerely, Me."
"Just saw beyonce's baby! He is so gorgeous!!!! Wow!!!"
"Those wanting to trade Jennings for Lin are \"insanity\"..I do agree this summer they should listen to offers."
"Traveling to Pensacola FL tomorrow for the Jazz Festival...."
"When you put shampoo or conditioner onto your scalp, the 20 blood vessels, 650 sweat glands, and 1,000 nerve endings soak in the toxins."
"do u like her?"
"Smh! This bitch here is talking on her speaker phone, I airport security. I swear imma bout ta' molly whop her."
"passion - there is always something else to be learned. Passion tends to be left at the door of schools. Need passion in what we do"
"ShouT ouT tO my PFellowmisfits Big T, MJ For GOin out therre way to help us bring the next voices of radio To the world"
"Pittsburgh just keeps shooting themselves in the foot! Would have liked to see them give the fg a try. Owell #overtime should be exciting."
"Lost in Astoria Queens....."
"Everyone in the dance department knows who I'm talking about she has 3 brain cells..."
"June Kilz Army means saving the planet one song at a time.With an evil sounding E minor chord!"
"The dude is 27-28 years old and still acts like a child."
"I <3 movies as much as I need to see if I can get screeners. That'd be awesome!"
"Believe it or not, I'm glad I came to work tonight. Forcing myself to smile and encourage these patients is blessin my soul."
"Is it sad/wrong that I love your blog? Have been following your blogging for a while. Thought I'd say Cheers!"
"chillin with the boys, texans game, steelers game, frisbee golf, Then american fangs concert. How could u go wrong. hit me up to join in!"
"#MyBiggestFlaw not walking away"
"I'm @ my lil boy trck meet at Desoto High"
"Its freezing outside....o.m.g."
"okay! I will search different things. Thank you so much(:"
"Thanks to god"
"Attention football bloggers and friends: Does the thought of reading a football novel (an e-book) in the month of May interest you? DM me."
"Is it going to rain again?"
"Come on #weather! It's almost #June and it's still SO Chilly. My #Peppers don't like you. Please warm up!"
"is my new favorite sports writer! It doesn't hurt that she's a huge UK fan!"
"has realized a few minutes too late that a giant shin bruise and tall boots don’t play well together"
"in that case, I will just come to you guys. Monday afternoon 2pm ?"
"Don't forget this Feb 19th is VintageReggaeWinterFest in Miramar FL"
"#Congress: “Please save #afterschool programs because some of us don’t have anywhere to go.” –Julie"
"We understand that every home buyer has unique situations and needs. As a result, we have numerous programs available to fit every buyer"
"thanks much, Clair! Have been a little remiss there-- Tonight had insomnia- glad to pop in twitter and see u around!"
"sounds like an interesting idea, though I'm not sure about some of the questionable ways to get badges..."
"Nothing uglier than a girl wearing a Lakers jersey."
"I got a house up here"
"my first tweet!!"
"sounds good man. Have fun in the sun!"
"Glad we could share! RT : I hope to attend 2012!! Thanks for the tweets, I felt inspired by what was shared. :)"
"spent the best 22 months by the most amazing man's side<3 #happy22 hehe  I love you soo much. #muahaha !"
"I'll bring you cereal. what kind?"
"What book will you be reading this evening? That is, if you aren't a football fan of course!"
"Let's make one thing clear, he still tested positive for awesome."
"Two bitches"
"I miss you.. But it's time to move on..."
"retweet if u cant wait to see on 106&park today!"
"K pgroove finally bout to start at boulder theatre!"
"The essential thing is not knowledge, but character"
"Packers really missed the boat as Marshawn Lynch goes to Seattle. Cmon Ted Thompson"
"I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!"
"I posted it on the page"
"nope RONDO!"
"Is AquaGirl back or still dead?"
"yeah go out just don't hurt her . She don't deserve it :/"
"hahahaha ya!!!! Mab it will stop raining just when he's there!!! <3 hahahahahahahahaha"
"Great, let me know I am here ! If your interested now I will do 40% off. M"
"can you make it so you can change the background color or make it transparent?"
"People at my job going 2 be quiet as shit tomorrow"
"Another kindle in my kindle collection. This time kindle touch!))"
"Thanks for the add:) Wishing you a lovely Sunday and #MuchSuccess!"
"What should you give a man who has everything? A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend."
"- this nigga GanGbanGin at the doctors office lol such a Lester for ya hahaha"
"Don't you hat it when you're trying to text \"homie\" on your iPhone and instead it puts \"honor\"!"
"Sounds good!"
"Medical emergency 400 blk E Baltimore St, Red Light District."
"It was an honor to help research your history!"
"Disappointments are just God's way of saying: \"I've got something better\"; Be patient, live life, have faith."
"High tunes"
"off to find my arch nemesis… the F train…"
"Death by unkept file structure. Ug."
"whoa relax theree"
"The Cowboys have the worst front office and ownership in the NFL. # nepotism stinks"
"Goodnite twitter :D"
"You know what.. I haven't done a thing but eat the baked treats that my handsome husband has been whipping up all day....Life is good ;)"
"An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it."
"#TheyNeedToBringBack the original episodes of Pokemon people be missing out lol"
"Wants to go down to the waterfall tomorrow!! 😔"
"Woke up with no voice. Awesome."
"The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory. -Jared"
"TIMMY REED confesses his \"list of unappreciated whatever\"..."
"RT : you're thinking oscars...we're thinking ;)"
"nobody asked"
"Keep up the great work..one day, me and my lady are going to do the same work you do...here in NM. Your awesome!"
"Rec 4: can extend string of successes by encouraging states to collect data on instructional materials and support data use."
"Double Take Kisses!"
"you're not ready!! YoungGun"
"No lie, Twitter is the only thing that's keeping me up."
"Yes! Nd I'm excited"
"Good job :) keep it up RT : Passed both those classes with B's low-key one should of been a A but I'm not trippin."
"It feels different my brother being home."
"yo my bad bro. I'm on it"
"CRASH: 99E @ Anderson in Aurora"
"Add my facebook!! Im listed under, karissa lynn"
"I'm hoping for some Bill Hurt Altered States shenanigans to go down."
"i get two voicemails.. and one is from in which he yells at me to wake up :D"
"thank you!"
"busy busy busy buying and selling notes; any investors out there? I have inventory"
"I don't think so. I think they just want good effects and to maybe see something they've never seen before."
"#MagicCity looks awesome."
"Yeah thanks, rub it in. RT and now oakland tied the game? YAY."
"getting higher man"
"Oh my... those new strawberry cheesecake frosty parfait's from Wendy's are too damn good!"
"amazing finale to #thewalkingdead - michonne, welcome aboard! the show needed you! can't wait for season 3!"
"yeah me too. This summer has sucked"
"why was she crying??"
"It's Friday and the last day of classes for junior year..."
"Knowing me as the person i truly am, is the fist step in becoming my fam"
"woops. But hey, I saw past it all, remember? and I mean, I clearly still thought you were cool enough to date."
"GONA HEAD TO WORK...... GET THIS MONEY...... DUCES!"
"Cheers to laughter. :) Happy Friday!"
"Evan Turner man…smh"
"Congrats! Were your expectations too high?"
"hey whats up"
"We're live with the latest on a deadly Milwaukee freeway shooting on This Morning."
"I'm learning who you've been isn't who you've got to be."
"I like Dale. I hope I don't have to hate him being a cub. But maybe they need a little more Brewer.. Cubs fan will hate that!"
"Only 1 hour and 30 minutes left until the #DegrassiFinale and #frostival! :D My Eclare fangirl will be coming out of hiding tonight lol ;)"
"Oh you designed Re-Mission? Nice!"
"Stop by our booth tomorrow at Women Of Faith in SanAntonio!! Lookin for all the Austin girls!"
"A team of medical workers in Mexico were caught on camera as they dropped a donor heart being rushed to hospital for an urgent transplant."
"MSMQ: Modeling is a way to make explicit our assumptions about our premises."
"\"Am I supposed to swallow this pill that says chewable? Because I swallowed it and now it's stuck.\""
"Serious research questions this morning! YAY! Using the extensively."
"any chance you aren't too busy Wed July 20th and wanna help us out by being on our show for a pilot episode taping?"
"So tough! We actually have a post coming up soon on this very topic. Stay tuned! Best #nachos in"
"WHAT! Oh how I wish I could have been there!! haha x"
"I'm so sorry, Morgan. I was looking forward to visiting. Love,"
"Well said Ax..."
"Morning, why am I up"
"I thought only men thought of her lady parts as extremely edible."
"Only in Balto: man gets out of his car at red light to take a leak in the street."
"Thinking about IN's new Core to College standards for a day, my reaction is: it seems a good program to train students to be good workers."
"make sure to tweet about it after you take your first bite! You will love it!"
"Back from a fantastic wedding tasting Deeeelish! 3 months and counting...can't wait!"
"Dont be caught dead this summer without the latest fashion, style yourself up at city gear with all the new trends especially for the summer"
"Also he made 40+ movies before he died at age 37. The man did not sleep and died from an overdose of sleeping pills and coke"
"Ion like bald pussy I like wolf pussy hahahaha"
"Yo Joel! How r u? we should talk again! it's been a long time"
"Talked w/ WCC commish who's on selection committee. Says road wins, esp. in conf. huge factor for him. Not what UNLV fans want to hear."
"Good morning and Good Monday Atlanta, rough weekend for a Georgia sports fan, thought our Falcons were going to pull that one out"
"Happy #Tuesday everyone! Shine on!"
"9 hours...time is also an issue"
"not sometime, but most of the time ."
"So now I'm gonna have a beer and listen to Ladytron: Velocifero. Loud."
"wadup bruh.....time to get the buzz back up...droppin two joints tonight"
"If Whoopi Goldberg can't pull off Whoopi Goldberg hair then why do you think you can?"
"lol yeah I did!! X P"
"Also, a group of kids running around LC card catalog stacks yelling \"deep, dark secrets!\" These conspiracists get cuter every day."
"Book your room here for the Gator by the Bay and Day @ the Docks in Spring, & Rock n Roll Marathon in June! Discount rates, great location!"
"It's March 1st!"
"I'm always amused by 's \"One of these people looked at your profile... we won't say who, but you can probably guess..\""
"no--missed it! :( lots of events this week/weekend = ridiculously early bedtime on Sunday."
": Hmm. Tough call. How about THE LIFEBOAT by I've heard great things about it from lots of Tweeps."
"#REPENTREDEEMRESURRECT 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting scripture for today: John 11:1-44. Roll away every stone between u and RESURRECTION!"
"How does have 1 tweet and 4 million followers??? I have 1.5k tweets and i'm still stuck in double digits! Bitch!!"
"Stop in today mention twitter and get a Free month of Tanning"
"wow!! Congrats..and good luck : )"
"RT : Heard about a cool Chicago startup that will help men dress with style"
"Its hit or miss with me.."
"#605campus When citing an entire database, how do you let ppl know that it's an online resource?? There is no URL for databases.."
"Thank you. This is just a fan page, follow"
"Stop parting your hair down the middle. You aren't a Kardashian."
"Oh yeah, let's not forget, GO ROCKIES !!!"
"Results pending. :P"
"Long week of work is over. Relaxing at home with two dogs in lap. Tomorrow is poker day. I feel lucky."
"Now, what to do with all of this refunded season ticket money?"
"Thank you josie!!!!!"
"EII twitter'll see you later"
"Happy Halloween! :)"
"what is that?"
"having a college degree from stanford is something prestigious bro what if he a bust? lol he still smart as hell"
"Prepare your god damn utters is dropping his mix tape on June 2!"
"“: MY NEW YORK SHOW IS SOLD OUT!!:D Thanks so much guys!!!<33 I love you(:”"
"haha when I was a kid I saw Jezebel in the Bible and demanded that my mom explain why such a lovely name wasn't used."
"Congrats on the funding - good choice - beta code please ;)"
"Two projects for us to complete. Promo album for www.fictitousmusic.com and ! Only one month left!"
"Woody Hayes just appeared to me to say he thinks this Buckeye offense is too neolithic."
"might take a week or two too after the appeal on dec 1st-3rd before we hear anything so it could be mid-december or later"
"RT : And as they talk abt feeling bad for Kisha, they're planning to mess up Kenya's room. Really?"
"Omg your dog. Adorable. :D"
"Raven Symone what?"
"hello beliebs indonesia"
"It will be a blast! Oh yeah, and a really good show too :)"
"Fingers crossed they don't fuck up and change the TNA title at this week's tapings. I want Bobby Roode to break the record."
"Ain't to early to get excited! Nevermore Jazz Ball & STL Swing Dance Festival 2012 . . . Nov. 1-4"
": Wango Tango today...can't wait!!"
"you do for me atleast and i appreciate it :D"
"did u follow me if not please follow ;)"
"don't worry that wasn't directed at you. Your stories are actually funny"
"Break it DOWN!! \" you tweet was amazing, thank you, it forced me to dance!!"
"Long live Isiah! \"The Nuggets have told the Knicks that they do not possess the assets they are seeking if they decide to trade Anthony\""
"Yes Actually! In March I'll be there for about 11 days. I will announce details once it's all finalized."
"And, of course, thanks to you!"
"Great! RT : We should be live within the next couple of months, thanks for joining us! Have a great weekend!"
"Will 13 have to put up their files this year?"
"mine neither! one of these days I will learn the art of espresso. For now, a pile of foamed milk on top is as fancy as it gets"
"Good luck with the 5k on Sunday! Hoping for a big turnout."
"I think I overdid it at the gym, can't get my car's parking brake off."
"love you sissy"
"Across dusty Egypt, anxiety has filled the air"
"it's still light out and I'm going to bed. 💤👍"
"Music is always the best antidote"
"Great Point. RT : the audience is the hero, not the publisher. pub's job? help the heroes."
"#4WordsYouDontWantToHear is THAT your dick?"
"Thanks to all who came out to support us last night & over the years. Last night was epic."
"Jake grew up in front of our eyes. He was cute but he's super sexy now."
"Nobody likes Mondays !"
"Good luck today big guy"
"Did i read that correctly, or does anyone give a fuck?"
"we live like a house away from eachother -_- lol"
"Miguel Cabrera or Adrian Gonzalez?"
"Hey eveyone. Come down and enjoy their delicious food. We approve and recommend it. #Follow us Our mobile app is releasing soon"
"- Thx for following."
"why not"
"It would be cooler if Spiderman had \"spidey sensei's\" instead of \"spidey senses\"."
"Today is one of those days that I really wish I lived in the Pokemon universe."
"hey, I've been to her house! (I think so, anyway). #IsThatWhoIThinkItIs?"
"Sent you a note about We would love to give you a demo about this new social network for neighborhoods."
"You love it. Get ready to get tweetified!"
"James Reston~ This is the devilish thing about foreign affairs they are foreign and will not always conform to our whim."
"#idol - Joshua sstarted nicely and kept the sreaming to a minnimum. Pretty decent job overall."
"Getting your picture with Zac Efron would be lucky because..."
"Using GOP debate for class today to spur discussion about presidential war rhetoric and campaigns. Thanks"
"no cake for you."
"Good day today"
"You really can't even play me like that and expect me to do shit about it"
"To my new followers CHEERS!!! :-)"
"Get it Snooks! Gonna be an awesome week, maybe a pregame PB appearance from you?? Hope all is well with you, too!"
"btw, apartment hunting is a war and I'm losing."
"same to you--thanks for the great conversations."
"Does anybody got victoria justice email plz?"
"311 Day Night one coming within the hour :)"
"Beadles r my dad\"no,u can go nxt Sunday.2morrow testing week\"-_-They mite not go! , GOnextSUNDAY"
"the brunette pic!"
"Looking forward to the semester end so much rushing around toll is taking."
"everyone is just too cute. :)"
"Only 44% of U.S. adults have a #will. -DailyFinance.com"
"+1! So wonderful seeing you ladies. <3"
"I hear that!"
"I think it's bad luck to wear my #Caps jersey."
"RT Call to Prayer: Thank you, God, for the gift of your spirit, which brings hope out of despair and new life to each day."
"Laidback Luke tonight in Philly!!"
"Molina again?"
"3rd wheeling ....not fun"
"Even, Steven."
"Are you looking for hip hop, hyphy, dirty south, r&B, new school, or vibe type of beats and music production?"
"The Lighter Side Podcast #32 - ''Sara Show''"
"U rock ma six!"
"YES Jenn! It is coming your way... Prepare! You'll have to move your Beiber LPs to make room..."
"he really did that?! That such a twisting of the bible. But according to him \"I'm a fake Christian\" lol"
"Hoodie Sunday is off da chain!!!"
"RT : If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries"
"🆗I'll let you explain. It better be a good reason❕❕💑"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"Come join us on March 7th Loft Stanza in South Philly for our next M.P.E.G. Event"
"And he is part of my"
"I love you to"
"Returning emails from NWLC!!"
"lol I'm not turning down Starbucks haha but yeah ill be in my splint for 10 days after then I'll be back to normal"
"I hope that everyone had a great Thanksgiving and Black Friday. I was up for opening day today at 3:30am. Going out again Tuesday."
"Y'all should check out EMP! It's the crazy colored. twisty building right next door to the Space Needle : )"
"Not sure why this call this place an outlet mall if there's not a single one available to plug my recently purchased Juice Tiger into."
"Very, very attractive price. RT : I wasn't going to bet the Derby but if Bodemeister is creeping up toward 8-1, it's hammer time."
"you might see me there"
"So poos are food corpses and farts are food ghosts?"
"'Dredd' is dark and gritty, says executive producer - Digital Spy"
"Am I the only one who thinks this sounds messed up? comes to Miami oftenly and I haven't met him o.O"
"it doesnt have any flavor :( sadly i didnt get any dorito flavor outta of it"
"im not lil wayne but itz no ceilings,cause im swaggin through the roof..."
"Events in the Ancient Olympic Games"
"Wendy Gruel says she would invest in arts education to deepen the city's investment in the creative economy"
"Today is the last day to tell us how #ABQuirky you are! Just Tweet and #ABQuirky for a chance to win a $100 Visa Gift Card!"
"Water Gun fight With the guys... They're seriously wetting up my hair and butt. It sucks being the only girl. I need back up!"
"I don't even remember half of this piranas movie.... lol"
"you can't take like 2 seconds to get food? It's not even 9:30. Haha"
"yooo follow back , serious business talk bro!"
"Hi Kaira! Thanks so much for the retweet. Very much appreciated. :)"
"very tough loss for the tonight. Just another coulda woulda but didn't on the books. Need to grow up soon!"
"Ah shit i cant stop laughing"
"World Chefs: Playful Aduriz masters culinary mind games"
"aw, c'mon - can't take a #sfmayor joke? Did u return those pants to the Go Lorries driver who owned them? See chapter 9."
"Too bad for that was a must have game there."
"Today so far has been a spectacular reiteration all the wrong persons are dead. Tempted to amend this."
"Yeah, kind of a small world Dr. Eve, I am actually in your ITM501 class so I figured I would look you up."
"Homework Help from 1:30-5:00. What can you get help with? Any topic, any grade level, any subject!"
"wish I was there! Have fun guys!"
"dude. so I'm walking to the bus stop, & my brother yells out the door that there's a two-hour delay. forrrrreal?"
"WOW my birthday is in 2 days haha"
"Being dumped, cheated on and taken for granted is why many people choose to be single."
"Congrats on being Cityview's Best Local Men's Clothing Store!!!"
"please give some love to our big man Gorgui Dieng. Big man is smacking the orange off the ball tonight against Michigan State!!"
"Finished Stempel's 'Showtime: A #History of the #Broadway Musical #Theater' & highly recommend to academics, students & enthusiasts alike!"
"Home after a great time at the beach with family. Its amazing to realize the progression of generations."
"If negative criticism is fact-based, create a mountain of search-optimized content to neutralize the situation"
"Thank you!!!"
"Bledsoe is taking some awful shots right now. Let's go #grizz!"
"Just got to my gma house n they making fish n grits 😍 today is gonna be a good day!!!!"
"Just finished up the last session. I had a couple of nodders. How can you not get excited about vAAI and the VNX platform???"
"This gonna be a long series!"
"Kudos to organizing and working on the great #NSMN event tonight!"
"Alex Can You Please Follow Me :D"
"I'm loosing followers by the tweet RT : Curious what Klout will say about after the"
"The Waltz-Astoria comes to mind! It's on a far end of Queens, Check it out."
"Teach me your ways.. you are so pretty and so many people follow you. How do you do it?"
"you're probably right.. #stupidbox lol"
"If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don’t like and like so many things we don’t do?"
"Movie nights:}"
"Its baseball weather. Break out the dip, pine tar, DAVIDs, and all the trash talk you can come up with!! #playball!!"
"I've had trouble with plants in pots either drying out or molding, but I am no expert."
"R.I.P. #JohnPayton, civil rights legend/heavyweight/trailblazer, etc. We will abide by your legacy of equity and justice for all."
"Holy fuck I'm outta shape"
"Thanks for the retweets."
"hope you feel better <3"
"MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD ! MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD ! MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD ! RT!"
"lol smfh. I guess mister dee :)"
"Love the Angry Birds!"
"staind, James Blunt. Man you listen to some shitty music."
"Your opinion wasn't an integral part of the invitation selection process?!"
"CANT BELIEVE ME AND THE GIRLS MISSED LIL BRIANNA MUSIC VIDEO SHOOT THAT WAS THIS WEEK END .... BUT CAN WAIT TO SEE THE VIDEO ."
"Having one of those hate everyone moments"
"auditions are just a week away! check out our website for more info: www.2ndclasscabaret.com"
"#youknowyoughettoif You know that you need to unlock phones and always get the hook up."
"better....going to jump into the shower and get ready for work....you should be heading to bed soon....talk to ya later..."
"thank you for the follow Rosa!"
"yes thank you. Even tho I can barely walk straight"
"Seriously so fucking bored."
"... \"Parental Advisory\" sticker. I believed it was a sin to buy (and listen to) their album, but I did anyway. :)"
"When that verdict comes in, you'd better not miss a beat. Don't want to be compared with Baez' opening."
"Do you tweet? If so give us a shout! :-) Follow us and we'll follow you back. Hope to read some interesting tweets!"
"Can you believe these ignorant teabagger terrorists are actually trying to ruin our great Socialist dreams?!! We MUST RAISE TAXES!"
"HA! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! (Duck is 3 today!) Hahahaa!"
"#kids Diary of a Worm, a Spider, & a Fly at Baker Theater, Sat, May 19 1:30p: The coolest ever rock-n-roll romp in a bug's world,..."
"depends on what it looks like..."
"Note to me and stef: always try on bandeaus before purchasing."
"60% of the people that oppose you will have a lower level of education than you."
"I am pretty sure Google Plus does that with Picasa."
"S/o to all my followers Keep it real and ill promo u"
"was the French toast a one time thing?"
"Game of Thrones! Game of Thrones! Game of Thrones!"
"Consider us all warned - now go enjoy yourselves!"
"Relax, relate, release."
"Braun has to learn to lay off the high cheese or he's gonna be a .235 hitter this year."
"no problem! I love the updates 😉"
"Studies by the Touch Research Institute of the University of Miami report reduced anxiety and feelings of depression with regular..."
"Well that certainly explains A LOT! Quick, someone tell FL!"
"Up bright and early and out at for meeting"
"Nuts! My size 10's missed it :( : Changed my mind contest for all my size 6's, 8's AND size 10's in less than 30!"
"Wow! What a catch!"
"EVERYBODY BETTER FOLLOW BACK ON INSTAGRAM! !!"
"About to knock out this paper tho"
"Please follow me! I ♥ U!"
"Do writers do something similar with fanfic in their off time, or is it just an artist thing?"
"Interested in a possible follow up on the poker story with Prescreen? We're also featuring the film when it comes out."
"Call me old fashion, but I'm a simple man, I enjoy getting stoned and watching Star Wars.."
"Naw it ain't like that. Most Marines are great people to be around. We take care of them, like they take care of us."
"Less of a question mark and more of a period! “: You're a Caps fan now?”"
"thank you very much! it means a lot, and there are a lot of stories I'm looking forward to doing!"
"Have been weirdly addicted to this season, not sure why. But Arsenio is one of the final 3."
"Oh you know, just danced for six hours tonight. Nbd. Woo"
"Great day on set today. It took 1,751 balls to bring one of the scenes I wrote to life."
"Prom is in a week and I graduate in like 25 days. Can I go back to kindergarten please??"
"Your Girl says Im going out with the girls 4 a LiL drinkEdrink later = My coworker might be gettin some pussc if the drinks R 2for1 tonight"
"LOL - but we expect that! (truly) and you can tell (via FB) that I invited you!"
"Just had my last dress down day ever"
"Visit ClientRocket today and learn how we help build customer loyalty with products like RTOREWARDS: www.clientrocket.com/rto"
"RT : Enjoyed a bottle of Engagement from our wine club shipment with dinner. - LOVE ! :)"
"if you or someone you know need MAJOR Facebook Promo to 500K+ contact me [ ]"
"Happy Mother's day to all the moms of the world!"
"What a small world we live in! Much appreciation to the new users from #UK, #UAE & #Singapore joining family!"
"I'll be fine I swear, I'm just gone beyond repair."
"The twitter handle will change early April to reflect new status. Thanks for coverage!"
"I want to see all the spectacles spill their guts right on the streets."
"We're looking forward to it too!"
"I was looking at ep 2, the pic on the in KW house when he is holding the book and its raining looks so creepy to me"
"you too!!"
"Thanks for following us back! AND thanks for bringing back Body Bling (no longer have to fly to NYC)! #tooexcited! XOXO!"
"have a great show today! Love you guys!"
"Happy Leap Year! See you again in 2016!"
"Sorry to hear that Cyndee...any constructive criticism we can pass to our chef team?"
"The main ingredient in Subway's 9-Grain Wheat Roll is refined flour—it's no better than white bread!"
"made my night!! And the fact that you recognized me by my voice as I sang in the parking lot... #Classic :D"
"You too!"
"No it's just awkward."
"My self esteem is dangerously low."
"are you going to the Google event tonight? Mebbe catch you there?"
"is running with QuickBooks 2010 Premier : Contractor Edition"
"You can either scream every time there is a bump or you can throw your hands up and enjoy the ride"
"I hate az. Hoping to move back one of these years. Lol"
"News flash to the GOP: Abstinence-only ed DOES NOT WORK."
"Good Night"
"The whole thing sounds obnoxious--I mean, you signed *every* preorder. How disheartening. So sorry."
"After watching Trent Richardson in games and now during his pro day, there is no doubt in my mind that he is the SAFEST pick for the"
"Your job is not just to work. Your job is to leave a trail of leaders behind you."
"You look like you need a couple of road sodas & to be in the effin' mix!"
"just scared myself walking down my hallway..my knees pop too much.."
"Remember to hold on to who you are and what you stand by and never let that go,it will always be in the end.."
"Great to meet at , another Drupaler working on a book for"
"I am all giddy - it is SHATNER DAY!"
"I know I say this every single time but you know that every time you go back wiht him you will just get hurt more and more."
"sweet! I'll send it to ya shortly. Thanks and I'll let u know when they get here!"
"why is it weird again? Lol"
"It's just the littlest things that make my day."
"If that is true, wouldn't that mean we should just celebrate \"American Music\", instead of Black American Music? To be holistic?"
"Everyone follow !! Our syhpmany music video comes out today! Trend #oursyphany wow it's bad idk how to spell that hahahah"
"Wow I just mentioned Justin Bieber by accident"
"c'mon kentucky!!!"
"Great time on Saturday at the #Gasparila festival in Tampa. Our annual \"founder's day\" tradition."
"Thanks pandora, I forgot about"
"thank u love"
"Some of the acts on #bgt seem to be a hell of a good way to keep fit. Bloomin difficult though"
"I just want to go back to sleep"
"I'm up way too early this morning."
"I find it funny that pressed concert bootleg CDs have the gall to say \"unauthorized reproduction prohibited\"."
"Thanks for the RT! :-)"
"Mt. summit, right? ;)"
"Happy mother's day you guys!"
"If you could co-write a song with anyone BESIDES The Boss, who would it be? And are you guys coming by Tampa anytime soon?"
"Hello Rudy. Thanks for following us and enjoy our selection of videos. Regards, YouTubeMustSee."
"Mouth --> Watering..."
"Call it \"speed tourism!\""
"seriously killed it!! crazy where the fuck is everyone well thanks for playing for me and my friends :)"
"Matty G is due for a dinger - burn the place down and blow it up like the arm of Mark Prior -"
"Fuck it. Challenge accepted"
"lol! Right after I pushed send I immediately thought: Austrailia=not morning, no joke! ;) Have a great Saturday Melina!!!"
"\"Children must be active participants in their learning, not just recipients.\" Sir Michael Barber, chief educ adv, intl."
"Facebook makes me want to punch everyone in the face.."
"Make sure you are following my tweets for !! I just posted some great #instagram photos from this weekend!"
"Yayyyy! Cannot wait!"
"Watching the spanish teacher cry"
"If your in the #Seattle metro area, go see our friends play with tonight at Overlake Church. You won't regret it!"
"Happy Mom's Day everyone!"
"At Ben's Chili Bowl for the first time in years."
"To all the Dads out there... what was the highlight of your day yesterday? Happy Father's Day, again!"
"Lol, we posted that like 10 seconds apart..."
"Cee-lo's cat kills me :-D"
"I hate when I tell one of my bff's my crush and they'll be like u like that guy! But I love my bff's"
"awww my bf is so damn cute :) love you too!and make a twitter"
"Im focused on what I have...instead of what I dont....grateful."
"As I think about the friends, neighbors, colleagues and others in my life, I feel I have a lot of neighbor-cousins. Thanks for being there!"
"If HITLER had a PROPAGANDA MACHINE like the CNN/MSNBC/MEDIA MATTERS Conglomerate we'd ALL be German now. Or dead."
"guys....south campus gateway- Aug 1st. Keep an eye out for mobile truck between now and then"
"Step two: Buying a new grill at Target."
"Final film showings (cont): Very Extremely Dangerous, The Source, Tchoupitlas, Sun Don't Shine, Reconvergence, & Lovely Molly (2/2)"
"heard about 60 sec of your twitter play by play before u went to break, loved it."
"Fantastic article! Gave me some ideas for #THATCampOSU sessions. Thanks!"
"GoodNight Shout Put Too < 3"
"Virgin Galactic's Isakowitz: drawing on heritage of to open space like 707 did for aviation"
"that looks very unhealthy and I'm dubious of the animal origins."
"what about for ps3 elite??"
"Well it's past midnight on the east coast so...Happy Andy Day!!! Err...I mean Mother's Day!!"
"I have great vision but I don't see a failure."
"We're so happy you've joined us to kick off spring break! Have a wonderful time!"
"ha, I wish. But I'll take It."
"word. I'm trying to recruit more people to come. Are you all out right now?"
"RT that when you find out ! And a vitamin for alertness. I want to quit coffee :/"
"FLA Is Ratchet"
"thank you for being Miss USA. Proud of you. Great mushrooms on the Food Network btw lol ;)"
"you don't understanded the comedy that the sheikie baby haset. Sheikie baby is camel clutch if you followun"
"or go to a library"
"nice hey"
"Best movie I have ever seen you already know I'm about to go see it again!!"
"thinking of a great youtube idea that will make look like"
"good night haha!!!"
"Nobody riots or gets in fights over buing a pair of hand made Cowboy / Cowgirl boots that will last forever if taken care of."
"Thanks for Tweet Love and"
"My deodorant wasn't very effective today. That's ok I will just put on more cologne and have the scent of a French whore."
"omg sleep"
"LP Thursday! Come listen to records all night, enjoy great wine tasting all day, and happy hour 4-7pm. Enjoy"
"Done! RT : Hi Erika. Our apologies. Please email with your Trip ID. Thank you."
"Where is Bluesfest? I would love to see The Hold Steady!"
"\"Christ was a chronometer.\" -- Herman Melville --"
"This bar has so many dudes in it that a girl in a wheelchair can get serious action"
"Let's go #Brewers!"
"Wow - a play change at the line and than an actual down field read."
"nah... just makes me realize how pretty and popular I am."
"I think we been hacked, sorry about the spam guys!"
"RT : These things always come in threes (celebrity deaths). These things always come in trees (masturbating squirrels)."
"Oh boy. Buckle your seatbelts. Today is getting a little bumpy."
"Let's go Syracuse!"
"Wrath of the Crows ninja!!!!!!"
"Interesting \"innovations\" from journalism symposium: demographics driving broadcast news content (!) and lots of reliance on G+"
"RT : #thatcamp Question for fellow campers: has digital \"work\" more affected your teaching or your research?"
"#whenitwascoolto play \"I Spy\" in the car"
"867 5309. hey i just met you.. and.this is crazy, but heres my number so call me maybe"
"Nice job #Sabres !"
"football practice over. leaving for los angeles tonight (:"
"Will do! RT : Please let me know when is your next charity event. I was informed last minute about today"
"I try to think about all the diff. ways I can build from an initial point of inquiry into the ind. proj."
"Power Yoga 7:00am tomorrow. Powerful way to start the day, or end one, depending on your lifestyle."
"Hehe, well, just for Verizon to replace the battery under warranty. I guess the battery went bad or something."
"5. Product review/survey - email sent x number of days/weeks after a visitor orders"
"RT : I really like what www.sevacall.com is doing!"
"What's an article, old chap?"
"me either."
"Aw.Thanks! It amazes how people drive in this city. Its no wonder pedestrians are afraid to cross the street."
"that sucks. Same way with the Gatorade recovery with protein. Taste like"
"i highly recommend it. there's also an international focus to ours. wines must come from country o' the month."
"RT As much as 20 percent of your heating and AC costs can be lost through the ductwork. Are your ducts properly..."
"U gotta be very careful today is Friday the 13th"
"bieber or the other one?"
"seriously mark up - the ref can't pay all your bills"
"nothin just laying down watching tv."
"Demi is beautiful"
"thanks dude"
"the awkward moment when i wish you didnt have my tweets sent to your phone. im embarressed."
"Rewatched Shaitan. Every time I talk to you, it's like checking into a motel."
"Congrats! RT Two weeks from today THE FOUR-FACED LIAR premieres on cable! Details to come..."
"bork, i feel so sick:("
"to early to get excited or miserable!!"
"At social networking panel in S'field w three super engaging panelists. Dubeauclard, Krause and Wolfe rock."
"Hey are there any new songs from backpackparty coming out soon? :)"
"STAMPED-N-FAMILY WILL BE AT THOWBACK TONIGHT 2 BRING IN THE NEWYEARS !!!!!!!!!! COME JOIN US ITS GOING 2 BE ONE U WONT FORGET !!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Thank you!!"
"Very nice! What are you going to do for shade?"
"When playing the keyboard, a good technique is to sway your head back and forth and smile, as though you were Stevie Wonder."
"Paint a vulgar picture"
"my hair stylist of the hour waz up im so happy u found me !!!!!!!"
"We are still at least not losing!"
"Back atcha. Here's mud in yer eye."
"<--Love this! Lol"
"great minds think alike...Flo has been on all last night and today. why so sleepy?"
"It's national cash mob day today...who's going to one? :)"
"Totally thought I already was! Must've been Agatha or Sam"
"One caucus, one primary, 1000 debates done. When was the last time any of these candidates mentioned GW Bush? Anyone?"
"I'm a blonde currently masquerading as a redhead but I prefer my #brew Brunette. Love your Doublebock."
"hello dont yall hate when u go to school and u try to cheat off of somebodys paper and they see u cheatin they make a fake paper"
"It's a bonfire, turn the lights out!"
"huh. Didnt know.. thanks for heads up"
"Hope you have a great Fashion Week Robin! Let's all connect after! cc:"
"sorry for the delay... best strategy for craps is pass line (or don't pass) with free odds. Bet and wait. It's that simple"
"Text from : \"Don't leave the party till I get there\" at 7:55 in the morning. Who the fuck stays at a party till 7?!"
"thanks for the #ff love! :)"
"I'm thankful for sentences ending with a preposition with."
"Thanks - Well said!"
"and thanks so very much!!!"
"I feel like hell, quick someone bring me some water and a breakfast burrito stat. I'll be in my bed."
"I will definitely check out your FB page as well, Kati. Thanks."
". alum, David Ferriero, at #DPLA: \"If it's not online, it doesn't exist\""
"hahha well in addition to her great voice, shes got swag. & as dumb as it seems, there are so many talentless famous ppl w/ swag"
"don't worry, you always think of something good! Let's get something trending :)"
"thanks for coming!"
"I agree. A lot of info in 2 1/2 hours. I need to smoke a bowl of weed out of a Potato & an Apple w/ a Tulip Ana"
"My pleasure. Oh and I forgot to mention that I also put tiny bit of sea salt in it"
"Quote of the day: We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly <3."
"Yes. also hard to get on the ballot."
"Or should that be B&N? They have Starbucks too :)"
"You guys killed at at #Ultra2012 #Miami #UMFTV !!"
"Actually, everything you do is annoying.."
"thank you for your very gracious tweet about my transparency post, you are too kind."
"Nor did I. I have higher hopes for Dictator, but will still probably wait for it on cable. I'm not a movie person"
"made our year, appearing in the elevator @ work after a long day- packing the MILF methinks!"
"Ned Gallaway wins Albemarle Co School Board Race, Dumler and Boyd take Supervisor seats"
"i found someone that talks some language dat i dunno what is but i think u'll lik 'er ("
"Hm pretty hyper right now :D"
"that's a lot of balls."
"Nothing,I'm just saying that so it would be to far from kim and ales place."
"he's great, taking care of my sick butt like a good boy lol"
"\"And I smoke so much weed like what the fucks a lung.\" #YesIKnowYourLyrics Lol keep it real man. Love from"
"Omw to church ; Good Morning ppl"
"Billy Elliott was a great musical. I recommend it to anyone in LA, I think its playing for a week or two more at the Pantages in Hollywood."
"obviously, Cyrus!"
"Sounds awfully familiar, doesn't it? sigh."
"To clarify: put me out of my misery by writing the abstract for me, not by taking me out back and shooting me."
"The word \"Kay\" means I DON'T CARE."
"“: BScott said he benched center Tristan Thompson in 2nd half. TT finished with as more fouls (4) than points (3).”"
"where are u?"
"Why is it that I just look hotter in black bra and panties? Banishing all color from my sexy drawer!"
"you have a amazing voice I hope u make it the finals. :) your fan from the usa. I wacth online on thier youtube."
"Walking to the bus stop . Hair looks A MESS didn't have time to straighten it ."
"Very fun even though we had Tiff's little brother with us we couldn't do some things but it was cool"
"can any one point me to a link to a #DannyCoale jersey?"
"Working last night on getting the new website rolling. Thoughts? BigBandBoom.com"
"watched episode of your show with my kids. You worked with a Apache tribe. Great show. Thank You."
"Yes! certificate import problem. And a documentation update recommendation from the user."
"- then I'm in! U got extra sleeping bag?"
"Just finished the 16 miles on Ozaukee Interurban trail. This was awesome ! 50 degrees, very nice trail ..."
"its awesome, I saw the trailer for new one it looks cool but not sure because actors in it"
"Well when , and I make it,we are going 2 be the same people so please don't treat us different! :) <3 Love Them"
"I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadow,if I fail if I succeed at least I did as I believe - Whitney Houston RIP we'll miss you"
"wow, that's some in depth reporting there"
"\"Only great passions can elevate the soul to great things.\" -Denis Diderot. THURSDAY! THAT MEANS THAT TOMORROW IS FRIDAY! Lets make it great"
"I'm content right now, there's a nice breeze coming through my room and I'm listening to brand new. Not happy, just content."
"Awesome! Thank you for supporting us AND our friends :)"
"trying to fly home tonight- how is the lot /pacific hwy looking? Any issues?"
"Shout out too the asshole!!!"
"76ers expect healthy Derrick Rose - ESPN"
"... Liking the new shirts."
"both of my younger brothers are taller than me."
"I'm pretty sure that it's against the law for One Direction to have that many attractive guys in ONE group!!!!"
"IM Black and I'm proud. Be proud of who you are. The people who speak on you are nothin but followers of people taught them act that way"
"Mr. RANDY WATSON ladies and gentlemen."
"I could care less what you think."
"So proud of , who rocked her debate competition at MCC today! I'd take her side any day."
"Dear guy who plans on tight rope walking across the Grand Canyon today, Don't do it!"
"I need to get a poster board for spanish"
"Amazon on average handles 650,000 requests per second on their S3 service. web-scale++"
"a reasonable amount of destruction is okay"
"\": This wind is trying to fight.. I see you dawg. #iseeyou\""
"June Bug gave the bird back to me today. #aw "
"Having fun today?? We want your feedback"
"RT : The only reason we struggle is so we can overcome in the end! #staypositive ~"
"It did concern me that I knew the answer to that question."
"sac state student here! you are all amazing! i'm close by, does anyone need anything?!"
"okay so today i was a bit horny and i couldnt find my dildo so i stuck a banana up there and some fell off and got stuck! help! - lauren"
"Cool. Now let's go out for some. I think I may have Yelped out a decent place nearby... you'll just have to come visit or something."
"Flying a confederate flag does not signify that you like country music....I'm pretty sure it means you support slavery."
"It's amazing what a relationship does to some people"
"Damn LA"
"9016912337 | claim this number, who are you???"
"man I used to work for y'all...y'all chicken nasty then a bitch lol"
"cool! Need to decide if I'm sticking with birdsOfAFeather"
"“: That awkward moment when you realize #JesusSaidNoToYOLO.” I came up with this before anyone"
"Making a pepto pizza with Hope its good!"
"you think looks like Zombie Jobs?"
"do you know of anyone using brain in production for anything?"
"I remember my first time replacing my kitchen cabinets"
"we love u"
"\": Seriously. Can anything be artisanal???\" ONLY... If its"
"...and hasn't twittered since?!"
"#StuffKidsDo .... Write love letters then at the end put Circle yes r no if u like me"
"First spring practice starts in one hour."
"Never let it be said I don't follow back!"
"sadly, back to the drawing board. re-assess budget in the new year; dropped for the moment. until then! :)"
"its a open house from 9am to 5pm. I'm going mad early :-)"
"LMFAO you stupid! What you doing for memorial day weekend?"
"I'm late to the game on this, but the video for \"Lonely Boy\" from The Black Keys is wonderful."
"Aw man Dell killed the Alienware M11x? :( I'm going to see if I can get one when they clear out extra stock."
"~yes he is a stalker."
"I think Steve Kerr likes the Warriors...... A lot!!!"
"Anybody have an extra download code from 29th-31st? Picture me with my finger up, as if I were looking for a ticket. #Phish #yemsg Thank you"
"LAX'N with colldog soon"
"Making bacon..Wbuu?"
"Some surprise at #ASNE12 that President Obama came and essentially gave a campaign speech."
"Oh, did you know there was a prize? We are growing like wildfire. Folks love to talk about Belltown Seattle Happy Hours!"
"Hi There! How's your day going so far?"
"following you mami"
"What do you give the person who is richer than scrooge mcduck?"
"Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , we hope you had a great 4th!"
"Bout to head out to Gonna rage with Funkagenda"
"Hey. Hope you are well."
"Good deal Kellen was excited to sign that for you."
"The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets."
"From now on my day's are gonna be spent with the girls. Now that my mom will be working :("
"which ad is in second place?"
"THANKS FOR THE PRAYERS HE IS SLEEPING NOW TREATMENT EVERY TWO HOURS HE HATES IT WE JUST WANT HIM BETTER AND HOME"
"Change your thoughts and you change your world"
"Back in LA, now its time to face the jetlag.. -JetLi"
"omg I can't even imagine hehe"
"Lol at these kids talking about how selling weed is so hard and annoying. Try selling fucking coke and then come talk to me."
"..opinions vary, but it's a very \"potent\" way of rebuking any kind of negative or EVIL, feel me? Trey bien, merci!"
"are you standing in front of your locker after game 3 of the WCF right now? Your #playoff beard says 'yes.'"
"and I have a table outside!"
"I am officially over hyped on this weekend's championship games. bring 'em on...go Colts and Saints!!!!!"
"yup, \"Run Ricky Run\"."
"Yeah, unfortunately Obama HAS done a lot of things by now. They're just all bad things."
"Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement saw palmetto & ginseng"
"When Some One Really Likes You, But You Don't Like Them Back..."
"Thanks for all the kind words regarding the Dolphins Draft Keys. I'll be tweeting during Thursday's draft...cheaper than seeing psychiatrist"
"Did u pass"
"Yeah my dude hard work pays off!"
