"x"
"It is increasingly more apparent that the news we read and the reports we watch from the corporate media, regardless of what channel or publication we turn to, are tapping the same talking points provided by a handful of corporate-funded think-tanks. It was recently exposed that the Podesta Group, founded by Tony and John Podesta, openly admit and even showcase on their website their extensive manipulation of op-eds and news articles in well known newspapers across the United States including the Christian Science Monitor, the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the Huffington Post. Journalists people foolishly trust are regularly approached by lobbyists to write editorials and include talking points in their news reports regarding everything from “human rights” and healthcare, to regulatory legislation and even promoting war."
"I have so missed visiting with so many of you in blogland- I hope to do better -"
"The show had me hooked from the start, when I noticed the small drip of water above the stage, which I originally thought was a glitch. It wasn’t until the show started, and then water started being splashed around the stage that I realized it was part of the show (d’uh)!"
"The good news is that tomorrow we celebrate our 16th wedding anniversary. As cheesy as it sounds I love Mr. LC more intensely than I ever have and I honestly cannot imagine my life without him. I am lucky. This I know. He took tomorrow off so we'll pal around all day, have our regular gig at the shelter, and then (though it feels weird to go from shelter meal-serving to eating out) go have a nice dinner together. We don't do gifts but we do make homemade cards and it's always a contest to see who can outdo the other...he always wins :)"
"The police officer who had been up all night partying with his police buddies, colleagues and did they all drive drunk home as well now? The Police often visted the Police tavern.. many cops are alcoholics undeniably now too.. Unacceptable still."
"A new version of the old scene"
"5. Bush get ears and dutty get tongue. Sometimes you think that what you do or say nobody sees or hears, but yet your secrets are known."
"Kimberly S. Bowers, 31, Islip, N.Y."
"MAXIMUM Slim Original Green CoffeeTM"
"A little while later we were finishing dinner. Michael had changed into a long sleeved blue shirt before dinner, and we talked about how he was about to finish his pie. But you're not in your holy shirt!"
"It turns out what I would have written has already been covered and probably better than I could have done,. so keep the good work, people are listening,"
"Ah, technology!"
"Our classic Trish and Ray photo"
"Why I wanted to listen to this one: I enjoyed a previous book by this author and thought it would be fun to have a lighthearted book to listen to while driving back and forth from work."
"If I have one regret from the evening, it's that I didn't get to try the food. Braving the daunting crowd around the eats was like trying to swim against a current of flailing hands and chomping mouths. Maybe there's a pecking order to get to the foodbar; if the table providing the delectable treats was heaven, my place was lodged somewhere between the depths of hell, and river Styx. There was competition to put it mildly, so I stuck with Beth, Rebecca, My future wife, Kim and \"Fotest\" and our liquid diet."
"I'm green right now, and I'm ashamed to say it."
"It is important that you are very careful when copying the code. With any code like this even a single space where it does not belong can cause the code not to work."
"As the whales escaped from sight, Kath turned to me and demanded to know what kind of magic I was working. I wanted to know the same thing of her – she called the mantas, now the whales? I was excited for the inevitable manatee sighting. Of course, that sighting never came. In 9 years as a dive master at Komodo, Kath and Ernest have seen a dugong a total of twice. But it didn’t matter – I’ll never forget the humpback whale jumping less than a hundred feet from me."
"Furthermore, we are characters in a story of our own creation. Even though we assume John is alone, we guarantee that he isn’t. Even in deep space, Smith postulates, there is an aspect of the human psyche that does not allow freedom. We always live like we are watched. The proof of this is John in Hole, 2004, a particularly engaging sculpture of John busy at work in a crater. The height of the pedestal and the small enclosure make us work to find out what John is doing. In the end, we find him masturbating, making the ultimate narcissistic gesture in the loneliness."
"I only have you"
"“Was really nice of you to invite me out, I would have missed a beautiful day like this cooped up at my desk de-coding codes for the coders!” He chuckled at his own joke which made her smile at his goofiness."
"DRENCHED. Disgusting."
"Each year my husband and I take turns looking for something fun and new to do for our anniversary. Last year was my turn, and I happily stumbled upon Carefree Adventures operating out of Simmie, SK of all places (yeah, I didn’t know it was there either!)."
"“I…I can’t stand this!”"
"On others, your sisters,"
"KERS continues in its current guise for another two years, then for 2014 along with all new engine regulations there will be a new format KERS. Energy recovery will be from different sources, so the overriding term for the hybrid technology on the car will simply be ERS (Energy Recovery Systems). However KERS will still exist, harvesting energy from braking, but will have a greater allowance for energy stored and reapplied. But, there will also be TERS (Thermal Energy Recovery), which a MGU harvesting energy from the turbocharger. Overall ERS will provide a third of the engines power for some 30s of the lap. No longer will the driver press a button for their KERS boost, it will be integrated in their demand for power from the throttle pedal. The electronics will be constantly managing the Powertrains energy, harvesting and applying energy based on whether the driver is on or off the throttle. In 2014 Powertrains and ERS is set to become very complicated."
"Heat a Griddle and cook both sides until brown."
"What can I say? I love leaving lip-prints everywhere. :)"
"Your winding roads lead weary hearts"
"didn’t run at all. Stopped in summers youth,"
"Do you run your vehicle below a 1/4th of a tank of fuel before filling up?"
"What really sucks is so many people are like that, they are not the fabulous, they are not the “Holy Shit! How can I helps” they are the look at me I am important and can never be sated. So yes, there is always room for Jello:"
"If that all sounds rather bleak, I'm sorry. I don't want the blog to become all about negatives."
"Shake that energy free and send it flying! Just one big one will do. Feel the difference? It might make you a bit dizzy and strange feeling for awhile. It also does wonders for the physical body."
"When it got to the legal side—wills, setting up the family trust (which we also chose to do, encompassing the special needs trust…makes more sense when they explain it), and dealing with guardianship and beneficiary deeds, etc—we did pay the attorney. And we were ok with that. He was beyond awesome and if you’re in the StL metro, we would highly recommend that you use him. All in all, money included, it was not more than we could handle, and it is invaluable to now have in place."
"This makes perfect sense, right? Wrong. Again, this isn’t about rallying for the right to discriminate against someone. It’s about a municipality codifying sin. There is nothing that I know of – and I’m sure ESPN would have pointed it out by now – that indicates Brown has treated people unfairly. If you think that, you’re missing the point. Brown is saying that the Word of God says that homosexuality is a sin. He’s opposed to a sin being propped up as a right. But nothing in this indicates he’s fired people or taken away playing time because someone is gay. Again, to imply such is simply dishonest."
"14. Police"
"Her favorite show is “Dora the Explorer.” Is it wrong that I find myself watching it even after she’s left the room? I mean, I have turned it on, she has left the room almost immediately, and 30 minutes later I begin to blush when I realize I watched the entire episode alone. Anyway, I am learning some valuable lessons from the show, here they are:"
"Tracking foot steps of foreign foe"
"Later that night, Tracey and I compared stories and learned that a policeman had responded to the call as well. Now, if you're Van at this point - who is one of the MOST empathetic children I know! - and feeling horrible about the accident as well as thinking you're in trouble - having the police show up does not do wonders for your physche!"
"Only flapping in the wind?"
"“It feels good, really good,” Toros coach Noe Esquinca said. “All the kids are excited. Hopefully it can repeat itself.”"
"One friend described the one as just someone whom you could grow old together with that not only loves you but tolerates you no matter what, that you can be together even if the passion dies out. Another friend described the one as being the person that loves you as much as you love them, that you feel able to be yourself around them and feel safe around them. But it goes deeper than that surely? Or did I genuinely have such an unrealistic view of the one that my failed relationships of the past were such failures because of my thinking that these people I had been involved with were truly not the one; that they did not fit into my own personal definition? In fact, that then got me thinking that if some of us have rather elaborate and romantic views of the one; are we destined to be alone forever? Or is there such thing as magic and that the modern view of the one is just a definition born to those who don’t believe in what true love is?"
"Cast: Matt Damon, Joan Allen, David Strathairn, Julia Stiles"
"I promptly e-mailed the company as to how to remedy the situation without having to pay return shipping to the UK. While waiting for their response, I decided to try the suit on."
"THE PALE KINGSecond on my list would be “The Pale King,” a book that chronicles mainly about American tax-collection body Internal Revenue Service (IRS), but also dullness and boredom in our mundane life."
"The form pretty much explains itself. I have a spot to put in the location, the address, admission fees for Adult, Youth and Child, whether or not it would be a day trip, if it's an indoor or outdoor activity, and would we go again! Always important, especially if it's something you have to pay for. If the kids don't enjoy themselves, why go again?"
"I decided I want a large piece put together in 9 blocks. Each block will be 6 inches to create an 18x18 finished piece which will be framed."
"Taking that one step further, a free book can have at most only the 2 Kindle category breadcrumbs/chains associated with it. Don't bother looking for any more."
"I'm guessing you need some sort of letter?"
"The West Bank has been reduced to a series of discontinuous Bantustans separated by Israeli settlements, as I forecast would happen, and the new “Security Fence” breaks up these communities even more. In Gaza, the Palestinians have shown themselves incapable of undertaking even the most basic functions of a state in maintaining order, even allowing for the actions of the Israeli state in creating conditions which made that more difficult. But, the Israeli state has been able to justify those incursions, because of continued terrorist attacks, on Israel, by those elements, within Palestine, that would never accept the existence of Israel, whatever arrangements were made for Palestinians, again as I said was obvious would happen 20 years ago."
"Well Thanks for having a looksee! Dont forget the DT call is still open as well."
"You're such a wonderful person"
"The one thing that has passed us by though is sleep-walking (and its subconscious cousin: sleep-talking). The very idea appeared quite extraordinary to my six year old self. There were the stories from childhood friends – a granddad who went downstairs, still fully asleep, to put on his galoshes “because there was a flood”; other people’s brothers who woke the house, shouting at 3am in the morning at \"the nightmare-monster attacking me\", and the sensationalist tales from newspapers, with people being found on motorways in their pyjamas as the red sky of dawn approached. All this behaviour being involuntary and uncontrollable sounds odd to we humans – so used we are to being in command of every action."
"When he went to inform her of events, he said, \"Mary, I have good"
"line -up :"
"Prayers for Your Wife (if you’re not married, you can pray this right now for your future wife)"
"Out dallying with Sue and Kate"
"The children were so amazing in that they just get what the books are about. They don’t miss a thing and they embed a book’s message in their hearts. Kids who read good books are packing a lot of good stuff that will be useful some day. As Newbery winning author Richard Peck says, children should read because the words that build a story become theirs to build their lives."
"We find ourselves staring up mountains"
"It's hard to tell what \"it's\" is the pronoun for. What is it? Upon reflection it is the pranks pulled by Raptor Snatch's rivals, BUT you never actually mention that. Instead it's hidden in \"stab them in the fronts every chance they get.\" Which may be a great line, but doesn't actually make any sense."
"The enhancements at Sydney and Melbourne domestic airports are expected to be completed by the end of this year."
"Speaking of sleepless nights and druids, the last time I did sleep I had the most bizarre of dreams. I don’t remember much about the dream itself, but I do remember one thing: large, black and white bears. Except they were anthropomorphic bears, like a bear standing on two legs. They were white, but they looked like someone had punched them in each eye, since they had black patches around their eyes. You would expect that these black-eyed bears might be some new druid form as of yet unknown, but they didn’t seem to be druids at all, more like a different type of warrior. It was very bizarre. I probably shouldn’t have eaten those leftovers as a late night snack the night before. Anduin says that dreams can be prophetic, but I really don’t believe this is prophetic in any way. I think this is more a lesson that one should be careful what they eat before falling asleep."
"He was looking at me with a very wide grin on his face, showing off a perfect set of teeth. Alarm bells should have started off in my head but unfortunately they didn’t. Not a sound. I was focused on the instruments left. There were only mexican shakers left so I picked them up, one in each hand turned and faced the man with the overly wide grin and thrust them out in front of me. “Here ya go” I said, “you can have these”. He looked at the shakers, then he looked at me before finally looking down at his left arm, or at least, where his left arm should have been. He looked up at me again, still wearing that wide grin with the perfect teeth and said, “I would love to mate but I’ve only got one arm.”"
"So once upon a time I wrote a book about a magic gay fish..."
"Cucina Povera contains delicious recipes - from soups to pastas, meats and vegetables to desserts like this cookie called \"sfratti,\" plural of the word \"sfratto,\" which means eviction. These cookies are one of the old recipes from Pitigliano, a Tuscan town that once housed a large Jewish population. Sadly, many of the Jews were forced to flee during World War II, following Mussolini's racial laws. This recipe is a traditional Rosh Hashanah treat from Pitigliano's Jewish heritage."
"- Flannery O'Connor"
"For Andre. He was their man."
"– Dragon Boat Races are highly competitive. On Saturday, San Diego hosted it’s third annual Dragon Boat Race on Mission Bay. Read all about the history of this unique event and the history of San Diego’s Dragon Boat Race at their web site: www.sddragonboatrace.com. The date of the race is referred to as the “double fifth” since Duanwu is for the fifth day of the fifth lunar month, which often falls on the Gregorian calendar month in June, but it sometimes falls in May or July. This year Duanwu fell on May 5."
"Awesome friend(hereafter known as AF): Do you know who those people are?"
"This was a really delicious and simple baklava - although it makes a big baklava so I recommend inviting lots of friends over to help you eat it! Check out the recipe here."
"3- Perhaps someone from your “help” desk can contact me via email or this blog. That would be lovely! — L."
"I can’t believe Christmas is less than two months away!"
"(One in a series of occasional posts from History Girl Associates. Susan Price gives us a wonderful glimpse of the past through a 21st century breakfast tray.)"
"My body temple is built like this: Nutrition is the foundation, and the pillars are Loving Movement (exercise), Restoration (sleep), Hydration, Nurturing (self-care), Service (caring for others), Spirit, Cleansing (internal and environmental), and Relationships."
"Friday Follow has been such a great experience for me. I have found new blogs to follow and have learned quite a bit in the process. Thank you Lynn, Tami, and Rita for hosting this event."
"While I've started to find more winners, I am not sure that I'd buy PB2 again. It's expensive and, after a week, I'm finding that a jar doesn't go very far. Like, I'm almost out. After a week. Boo!"
"Our weekend included a night in the village of Saratoga and entertainment by Emmy Lou Harris at the Mountain Winery. In past years, we’ve seen her on this same weekend at Hardly Strictly Bluegrass, with many, many more people in attendance. I hate to think we’re getting too old for the mass crowds in Golden Gate Park for this festival, but if you tell me that we’re just wiser, I won't argue."
"Prediction stands that you can enter more than 30.000 URL a let him Ping each one of them to 80 different services,note that it is just in alpha version which means that you will find bugs,If you find them post it in comment below!"
"We were going out to dinner and my husband being the kind man that he is decides to hold the door for a family leaving the restaurant--mind you we live in Indiana so the weather was ridiculous but as this family is walking out this little girl makes the comment \"awwww look at the baby he's so cute\" & the mom instantly fires back...\"Yeah a FAT baby\" and she didn't even say this in a nice cheerful voice. No. She was snarky and rude about. I instantly said as she walked away and her husband was thanking my husband for holding the door. OH MY GOD did you seriously just hear what that lady just said? I'm like she just called him Fat. My sweet 7 month old FAT? ARE YOU KIDDING ME???? A baby is not fat--what is wrong with our society... if you can seriously look at a little baby that can't even walk yet and call them fat you seriously have problems and I feel very sorry for your kids."
"What grandparent (or parent) does not have photos of kids on the fridge? Why not organize them in this magnet tile design. It’s another great way to showcase all the important people in mom’s life. Start your own portrait set on Pinhole Press."
"Regarding Finnestad’s comments, to be fair, I’m not sure whether or not Reilly quoted him out of context. That is entirely possible. But as provided, the quote is not accurate. Yes, Jesus’ sacrificial death and subsequent resurrection were enough to cover the sins of every person who ever lived, but His sacrifice is only applied to those who follow Him. Finnestad is basically saying that it doesn’t matter what you believe, everybody’s going to heaven. Scripture just doesn’t bear that out."
"There were so many things I needed to know, how to fix a car, how to lie. My mother taught me how to put on eyeliner without smudging it, but life was going to take more than that."
"PLACING OUR TRUST IN THE \"ROCK OF ISRAEL\", WE AFFIX OUR SIGNATURES TO THIS PROCLAMATION AT THIS SESSION OF THE PROVISIONAL COUNCIL OF STATE, ON THE SOIL OF THE HOMELAND, IN THE CITY OF TEL-AVIV, ON THIS SABBATH EVE, THE 5TH DAY OF IYAR, 5708 (14TH MAY,1948)."
"Partial Mash Grains:"
"Here’s how State works. You go in a room with one judge and a couple of people watching. You perform your piece, and then the judge has a private chat with you to give you some critiques. You then leave the room, and frantically check the score-boards every 13.45 seconds to see if your name and place rank are listed yet. The best score you can get at State is a 1, and generally people who go to State get 1′s and 2′s. Rarely have I see a 3."
"- He is moving into taking two naps a day."
"And yet..."
"Nor can subsequent compliance with the requirement excuse a party’s failure to comply in the first instance. As Justice Regalado explains in his works on the Revised Rules of Civil Procedure:"
"I needed a coat to cover my backside and this seemed to fit the bill – I also needed a coat that would not weigh me down and this fit tha…"
"head of mine."
"“There may be other cases we need to look at,” he said."
"i've been off my game this week in terms of exercise. between the daytona 500 and the tornado, i've been real light on sleep. (how often do you see those two things used together in a sentence as excuses?) but this morning, i got back out there. and it felt good. i kicked out 4 miles. i know that doesn't win any awards, but i'm hoping it will get things jump started. i thought i'd share how my \"shuffle\" music rolled today. i swear, sometimes i think the music is the best part of the run. here's a sampling for your weekend listening pleasure. enjoy, i know i sure did!"
"Title says it all. Things are either going to go good today or sadly. If we can talk things through and realize what went wrong with us then we will be together...if he can't promise he will be there for me & be a boyfriend back & not push me away when I have tough times & can't be honest with me then I have to leave. We're meeting at 8pm. I have a letter where I wrote everything down to him. I will read it to him. I'm hoping we don't split but if the facts are not there...."
"This is the first book I’ve read by Michael Bedard, whose Redwork won the Governor General’s Award for children’s literature in 1990. The Green Man is a loose sequel to A Darker Magic, but I don’t think you lose anything in the telling by not having read it first."
"Just over the hill from Stubby's is what we call the Dead Swamp. None of my local friends have ever seen anything alive here."
"for they will be filled."
"General Najiya: Did you do this?"
"Walk in the woods in Florida with the folks..."
"\"It just takes right breathing. The right focus. See? In…. Out….\""
"Moms, Dads, Grandparents we started a forum just for you!! Visit MomsandDadsBeHeard soon! 2010 is a MUST year to be involved. No longer can we sit back and allow our rights to disappear. The 2010 elections will be the deciding factor. Get involved, speak out!"
"until the next time,"
"Some observations at RT:"
"Officials found the infected animal during routine monitoring, county environmental health officials said. Humans can catch the often-fatal disease if they are bitten by infected fleas."
"1 in 40"
"- Deadline for payment 29th of february 2012"
"Terrified of discovery, Charise tries to hold her persistent suitor at bay, though her heart has already surrendered. Will she lose him if he learns the truth, or is love enough to bind the cancan dancer and the duke?"
"her head under my hand for comfort."
"If I order something that contains \"veggies,\" am I going to have to suffer through a plate of sauteed onions and peppers, or what? Does it come with ANYTHING exciting? What kinds of vegetation do you have in the building so that I can, perhaps, create my OWN dish? I promise I'll be nice about EVERYTHING and smile, and scrape, and bow, and act like you are the Queen of England, just GIVE ME DETAILS!!!"
"This, our precious planet,"
"Nobody likes a snitch. Not even the teachers."
"As we live and breathe we die, as we dance before a mad orchestra the water laps our feet, Neptune claims our ship and we go down with not even a stroke in quest for freedom, for life. Do you like this nation, this place created, this bitter soup, so many ingredients all vying for the taste buds of continuance, to outlast each and other flavour ,to become the main dish, to simply outlast amongst so much. How is it with you, caught up in the maelstrom of extinction, how do you fare, you a dying breed caught up in a torrent of brown, hater you for wishing safety, for desiring a place your own, just a little rock, just a minor place, just a nation, a country, a home. Open your door, wide, usher in the hungry, the driven, the herd rushing from the despot, the exploiter and life’s test, better here for them, no child soldiers, lest not yet, no tribe against tribe, merely race against race and whites are so few now aren’t they, so impotent, speaking bitterly in living-rooms where few ears take note, few souls have a care."
"It was to be their last conversation: the very next morning, Marilyn was reported dead at 36. One of her final acts had been to return the nude photo to Schiller, which he found waiting for him at his house. She had written, “Send this to Playboy, they might like it.”"
"This afternoon, in Munich, David Cameron will tell some of these home truths. As I mentioned in this column a couple of weeks ago, the Prime Minister has become exasperated by the way much of the permanent bureaucracy, in its attempt to counter violent extremism, ends up appeasing it."
"It was hard being a gypsy at the best of times Jessenia knew that, but this was worse. Her family had come from Romania long ago and had put up with many taunts and suspicions from an old world that should have understood to a new world that didn’t want to understand. A world they had refused to accept. Their world had consisted of their colorful caravan and travelling but not anymore. The authorities had stepped in and told them ‘to move on or settle down like normal people.’ Normal people she wondered what were they. She had always thought she was normal."
"There’s a reason, though, that myriads of today’s young adults are rejecting Christianity as simplistic. They say that Christianity provides no answers to the questions they have. The Christianity—the gospel—they are familiar with, the gospel we sell them, really doesn’t. It’s a powerless thing full of threats more than promises, full of fear of more than love."
"As promised, following my ‘tour’ of the Lake District during the April A-Z blogging challenge, I’m extending the tour to cover other interesting places in North West England. It’ll be another A-Z tour, but with a new one each week, rather than each day! So hope you’ll join me on my ‘Thursday Tour’ of this part of England."
"Or tomorrow untouched by today."
"Doctor Brown proceeded to auction off the doctor’s stethoscope and skull to the audience, though he actually stopped short of giving away the items. He also got perilously close to squeezing a bottle of Heinz tomato ketchup over the guy’s shaven head or allowing the guy to squeeze it over his head. I have a terrible feeling he almost went through with this idea but pulled back from the unknown precipice at the last moment."
"Cask Real Ale Start Fermentation 0 0 End of Fermentation ~0.8 ~0.8 Post Chill ~0.5 ~0.5 Post tank conditioning 1.4 - Into Cask 1.4 ~0.5 Out the door 1.4 1.4 On stillage (in pub) 1.5 1.5 On service (post venting) 1.1 1.1"
"I mentioned the newspaper's finest moment – recruitment the then 82-year-old Sam Towers as its star columnist. This occurred after I approached him beside the henhouse with a tape recorder and said: ‘Hi Sam, I’d like you join the Bell as columnist please. Tell me about your garden!’"
"The second comedian was actually a comedienne, from Belgium...now I hate Belgium, for the simple reason that everytime we drive to England we spend a large portion of the journey in Belgium, and in my experience the autobahn there are the worst in Europe, it's like the civil engineers made the road surface out of corrugated cardboard, and then to add insult to injury you have to put up with the Belgian drivers. Living here in Germany I'm fairly used to driving on the autobahn where some parts have no speed restriction (Jeremy Clarkson, eat your heart out) and on those stretches you get Porsches and the like shooting up behind you from literally nowhere, but it's OK, you know to expect it and so you check your mirrors and move out of their way, fine, no problem. Belgium doesn't have unrestricted autobahn but you still get idiots who shoot up behind you, pretty much into the boot of your car and expect you to pull over immediately, even if there's no space in the inside lane...when you don't respond to their threat and crash your car into the Stobart wagon alongside they pull back and then race up to you again - fun. Anyway the most memorable thing about the comedienne (from Belgium) was that her day job is doing voice overs in different languages for porn films..."
"Plain jane, old-fashioned, rich & decadent: Cheesecake."
"Finally I combined all ingredients for the crapes in a large mixing bowel and used the hand mixer to beat them together. Until smooth. Line a plate with a paper towel or in my case I used a napkin. My pan was a little bigger so my crapes came out larger, I used a 1/2 cup measuring cup to place the batter into my pan, but if you have a smaller pan or crape pan a 1/4 cup should work. After you put the batter in your pan swirl the pan around so that you cover the bottom completely. Cook until the center is cooked and the edges are lightly browned, then carefully remove them placing them on your plate with a paper towel between each, repeat. When you finish this you can melt your butter sauce. (This could actually be warming up as you finish your last few crapes). Also reheat your fruit, I did this after my last crape by just putting the fruit into that pan until it was hot."
"If the saw or trimmer doesn't accelerate quickly upon trigger response you may have....."
"India Immersion Program and Exchange programs"
"This is just my experience with Original Moxie but for you it may be different. You may love the way your curl pattern appears; you might even have longer hair so the outcome may be VERY different. Don’t hesitate to still try it, It may work better for you!"
"You asked … how does he feel?"
"In the past, CUNY has had to make difficult financial and academic decisions in order to continue to provide higher educational opportunities. Prior to the 1970’s, a CUNY education was free to New York City students, a system referred to as ‘open admissions’. Under open admissions, Black and Latino attendance rates grew substantially. Facing a fiscal crisis, the CUNY system began imposing tuition fees on students. By the 2000’s, to meet the still-evolving academic standards of today’s working world, CUNY raised admission standards following reports that students in the four-year colleges were not meeting competitive standards. Throughout these changes, the University has remained true to its legacy of providing low and mid-income individuals with quality educational opportunities."
"Amaya entered the car, and waited until Rio was finished with his tattle tale session about a friend using inappropriate language at school. Then she informed me on the new policies their school's going to implement next year in regards to bullies. Rio has been the victim of bullying, so it's a topic I have very strong opinions about."
"I know luck can often be looked down on in plot-lines. We're generally told that events in our novels have to be established, planned for, and have a good reason. But still, luck has its place. So where does it fit in in your work? Does it?"
"I am quite pleased with this LO, I loved putting all of the layers and elements together, and I liked the colour scheme. :) I hope you like it too."
"i. Eliminate bureaucracy by decentralising wherever possible while ensuring the right balance with central strategy and common customer focus."
"I really enjoyed this novel, especially Lydia’s story. I really wanted her to solve her mystery and save her relationship with Dan. I really missed Lydia during the historical chapters of the book. The only thing I wasn’t keen on was Henry VIII being present in Anne Boleyn’s birthing chamber."
"Sadleir forged property deeds to secure mortgages and embezzled money from the banks he chaired, concealing barren balance sheets with false statements, said O’Shea, who cited a letter Sadleir wrote to his brother explaining how accounts “should be made to appear.”"
"He is 10. I get an instant ophthalmic migraine."
"Samson’s Director of Sales America, Terry Crump, explained, “We’re confident that TS-II Turbo will help pelagic trawl vessel operators improve safety by creating greater vessel stability. We’re also pleased that this new trawl warp line, which is proudly manufactured in America, will make a significant contribution towards lowering fuel costs, as well as improving the overall efficiency of our customer’s operations.”"
"Today is the day!!!! Elemental has landed!!"
"So, for those of you that have cheated on your spouse, either male or female, you cheated not only on them but on your children and on me as well."
"We have always had the most magical experiences at Disneyland. On this day, we snuck into the restaurant for Captain Mickey's lunch (no longer exists) not too long before they were going to close. After a relaxing lunch, we noticed that we were the only family left out on the patio. Before we knew it, our children were playing hide and seek with Mickey and his friends. Who gets to do that? hee hee"
"“Sort of” being the key, helpfully parenthesized, words. I still haven’t updated Kurama’s, Endrance’s, or Vayne’s journals properly yet, and despite being some of my favorite characters ever, they can sometimes be extraordinarily difficult to write for. If I’m not in the right mindset for them, they can be horribly, horribly off, Endrance and Vayne especially. At least with Kurama, I have years of experience with RPing him, and I’m a little better adjusted to keeping him (mostly) IC."
"“Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can’t help them, at least don’t hurt them.”"
"Macy has taken over her studious boyfriend’s summer job at the library information desk and her co-workers do not make cardigans feel welcoming. “By now, I’d been at the library for three days, and things were not improving. I knew that I was doing this for Jason, that it was important to him, but Bethany and Amanda seemed to be pooling their considerable IQs in a single-minded effort to completely demoralize me.”"
"3. This from Bernard Ashley (let's face it, if he's had problems, anyone can): focus on the ones who are listening, not on the ones who aren't. Don't be distracted by those not paying attention; seek out those who are and speak to them. They wanted to come and they wanted to hear you. They want to ask questions and to buy books, so screen out the rest of them. If need be, make some time after the others have gone to talk to them individually or as a small group."
"these just makes me smile."
"So while talking to some collegues today about clever advertising, i decided to share a brilliant article that i came across a couple of days that lists the 26 Brilliant Minimalist Print ads."
"During his week of captivity the atheist claimed his abductor brutally murdered innocent captives, which he discovered were chained in another part of the cabin fearfully wondering their fate."
"I suppose it makes some sort of sense however... The other day I was walking with one of his best friends while he rode beside us on our way home for a playdate:"
"2.) The bride's cousins starting asking who was going to pay for the bridesmaid's dresses? Well, apparently they didn't understand that they were supposed to buy it themselves. There is drama over how many of them now will be part of the wedding now that the dress isn't free for them."
"“Things are better than a year ago,” said Jamal El-Khoudary, chairman of the board of the Islamic University, who has led Gaza’s Popular Committee Against the Siege. “The siege on goods is now 60 to 70 percent over.”The flotilla's stated ambition is to \"break the siege\", hardly what you'd call the language of peace. And while Alice Walker dreams about being gunned down by the IDF in the name of peace, Fintan Lane cries about having his life put in danger. By a bent propeller shaft."
"That day will never break,"
"Full of unexpected surprises,"
"7- Uglies by Scott Westerfeld. This would make an amazing movie! Westerfeld sure knows how to world-build, and the book had a lot of adventure that would keep me riveted."
"He was, indeed, a «literary» man, absorbed for the most part in journalism but finding time, also, to publish poetry and to perform his duties as official translator for the National Council. August Schou, director of the Norwegian Nobel Institute, points out that Ducommun’s writing often showed «striking acuity of thought», citing a dialogue he wrote in 1901 in which he refutes the notion current in that day that a war between major powers would be short because of the destructiveness of modern weapons, and predicts, in its stead, a long «war of attrition with alternating advances and retreats, and with operations bound up with a system of trenches and strongpoints»1."
"At City Hall, Ann presents their fountain solution: remove the splashguard completely, which is safe and cost-effective. Impressed, Ron sits down with Ann to discuss her future with City Hall, but Ann stops him when she admits it was April’s idea and she told Ann to take the credit. Ron finds April and asks her if she would step up to take on some of Leslie’s work. She refuses at first, saying she doesn’t want to do things, which is exactly what Ron taught her. Despite this, they both decide it’s time for April to step up and call Chris to deliver the good news."
"One of the most important benefits of SDN is that commodity hardware can be used, instead of specialty hardware from specific manufacturers. Removing or relocating devices on the network would involve a few mouse clicks in a GUI rather than physically switching Ethernet cables and reconfiguring all the appropriate network devices. Martin Casado, CTO of Nicira (who is one of the companies developing SDN technologies) said that “we’re virtualizing away this physical fabric, and because now we have a virtual layer, you can do anything you want with it. Because of this virtualization, the network can be fashioned from any and all compatible hardware, and can be controlled, transformed, and secured from a software interface rather than from configuring each device individually."
"The finale episode of “Kate Plus 8” airs September 12 on TLC."
"He paused a while, breathing in and out, closing his eyes, voicing out to God with all he could."
"I want to tell you a little story. It’s about a woman I know."
"A while ago I learned of \"Mercury in Retrograde\". What an interesting time this is. If you've had trouble getting something off the ground recently this could be why. Try again in a week or more and you should have more luck. This explains A LOT of moodiness for me."
"Pour the remaining clarified butter into a large non-stick pan set over high medium heat. Sauté the paupiettes until golden brown on all sides, about 2-3 minutes on each of the four sides."
"2) We lack the ability to feed ourselves. He writes, “The goal of every disciple should be to learn how to feast on the Word of God without being completely dependent on an outside teacher. We should become so familiar with it that we become teachers ourselves.”"
"STEP 1: Wash and core the apples."
"I had arrived at Westbury at 1100 only to find it very cold, very windy, and very full of hangies of all vintages (gliders and pilots)! Where was the sunshine and these light NW’lys that had been promised?"
"4. If ALL ELSE FAILS – STAND STILL! Nothing is more revolting than a trail of puke out of bed, down the hall and across the bathroom. As much as I detest cleaning, I’d rather clean one sodden spot than a whole house. If I have to cut out a patch of carpet and burn it, I will."
"- main - hydra-calm - situation two - 1992"
"Published: October 18th 2011 by Scholastic Inc."
"I have featured the Organic Lavender Rose Bath Salts in my Organic Lavender Gift Set which would be great as a Mother's Day gift!! Check it out here♦"
"Looking back, too, I think the middle grade/junior high years are among the most awkward, yet are also in some ways the most interesting, which makes it very ripe for story. You’ve mastered grade school and being a “kid,” etc., and you’re now approaching the teenager thing and the first steps toward being a full-blown adult. It’s sort of a transitional, neither “fish nor fowl” phase and that’s always interesting."
"Conquest of the Southland"
"your lips, your mouth, your fingers"
"Mummers and the story of St George - aided I am sure by plenty of pints of local beer!!"
"AquariusChannelings.com"
"AF: Don’t get eaten. #RunForYourLife"
"Their whispers."
"No. That's fucking ridiculous. Play the fucking game. Step up the competition. Do more of what you've been doing. Don't completely change the game at the most critical time. Toddlers and people from New Jersey do that. Stop it."
"Japan is amongst the least 'Diverse' countries on the planet, yet they are in the top five economies, only recently being overtaken by China!"
"4. Add the lemon and lemon zest."
"4. According to recent data by the Department of Education, African American students are arrested far more often than their white classmates. The data showed that 96,000 students were arrested and 242,000 referred to law enforcement by schools during the 2009-10 school year. Of those students, black and Hispanic students made up more than 70 percent of arrested or referred students. Harsh school punishments, from suspensions to arrests, have led to high numbers of youth of color coming into contact with the juvenile-justice system and at an earlier age."
"In one of my national democratic youth activist friends online conversations with Simsimi, the free artificial intelligence conversation program, they were flattered to hear positive responses about the mass organizations of which they were active members."
"You can read histories of Jesus and histories of ancient Israel. You can spend years devoting time to Second Temple Judaism, to Josephus and Philo. You can read thousands of books about Jesus written by scholars, pastors and nobodies. You can devote your life to the study and teaching of Christianity, of theology, of biblical studies or exegesis, and no matter your expertise or taste, there is simply no substitute for the four gospels. If you want to know Jesus, and know him as the Church intends him to be known, then your study must begin and end with Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John."
"Last weekend a 29-yr-old homeless guy in Penryn, CA broke into a bar that had gone out of business. He bought a six-pack of beer across the street, got into the vacant bar, put up an “Open” sign and began serving customers. With that initial six-pack income being reinvested he was open for four days before the police got wind of what was happening. But at that point he had over $1300 in cash and merchandise."
"villagers,” says the book. It adds that a nickname"
"Christan: When did you start telling people you had miscarried your second child?"
"Do you think you're more of an introvert or an extrovert?"
"and instead of disgrace"
"Hasn’t seemed to scare you away completely yet."
"07. No Vacancy (KANT KINO remix)"
"That is why I am always urging my students to drink less, but better wine and to try things that are new to them. Wine is often at its most exciting when trying something new from somewhere totally unexpected."
"Christian churches, agricultural prosperity and a magnificent ancient necropolis, known as the City of the Dead attract tourists from all over Russia. The village of Dargavs, or as the locals call it, the City of the Dead, has a cemetery with almost 100 ancient stone crypts where people that lived in the valley buried their loved ones along with clothes and belongings."
"We ate a nice lunch: gluten free & vegan mac and cheese (a sophisticated version that was full of flavor), cream of tomato soup (using cashews as the creamy base), lentil veggie burger (on a beautiful Le Bus whole grain artisan roll), Caesar salad, and strawberry spinach salad with a balsamic vinaigrette. After two little monkeys ate most of my spinach salad, I knew I had to remake my own version at home."
"I needed his opinions on the matter."
"Yet stepping away – the title of this blog’s first ever piece – takes courage and involves being counter-cultural in an environment where to be different inherently involves challenging the carefully crafted comforts and justifications of a consumerist world. The thing is, our landscape didn’t happen by chance. It was intentionally designed to feed the entitled yet never actually satisfy our innermost desires."
"I really love the space and the rugs really do warm everything up. I knew I was going to get some great rug inventory, I but I was blown away by the beauty, quality, and variety (think ABC Carpet and Home in NYC). These rugs are REAL antiques."
"8am - 5pm: Work"
"Finally, at around 10:00 PM, we mixed two pounds of ziti rigate with our delicious sauce, sat down on the couch, and enjoyed the fruits of our labor."
"HP: Are any of your characters modeled after you or people you know?"
"I'm currently long on AMZN@ 114.88 mainly because of the short interest which I estimate to be approximately 1.7(?) - 1.9 as at 15/06/10 so good chance of a short squeeze. Hair raising drop of 80 pips and didn't have the heart to buy in again which is a shame."
"I will be offering this custom design listing in both the pillowcase dress and the reversible dress to start with. You will have two options. 1) Just tell me what you are looking for, and I will find the fabric to complete the look or 2) You can supply the fabric, and I will sew it for you."
"“Surely Gleann Cailliche, with its unbroken link to our deep past, is one of them."
"The discussion, which organisers expect to be “invigorating and enlivening”, is fully booked but will be streamed live online on February 23."
"In the centre, meanwhile, is Peter Freeman's 'Spectra-Txt', a public art tower whose twinkling lights are supposed to be reminiscent of local boy Ridley Scott's Blade Runner, which was inspired by the night-lit refinery tendrils of ICI's Wilton site. And if you're really looking for some truly astonishing structures – if not 'architecture' as such – you're spoilt for choice in the long strip of industry that still stretches between Middlesbrough and Redcar. The fluted concrete silos of the Dorman Long works, the breathtaking (for more reasons than one) former ICI Refinery, with an excellent, Redbrick Modernist BDP office block as part of the site, a volcanic eruption of a Power Station, the monumental cranes of Teesport, and finally the Corus Steelworks, recently closed. Those who claim that Boro has no architecture may like to reflect on the enormous stylistic debt Modernist architects owe these places."
"Release Date: September 1st, 2010"
"eight dead and several"
"- Italian - While Baltimore has a famous and historic Little Italy, we usually head down the road to Chazz: A Bronx Original in Harbor East for Italian goodies. Chazz Palminteri, the actor, is one of the owners. We didn't meet him the first time we went, but the second time, we were caught sitting in \"his\" booth and he yelled at us. All in good fun, of course! Very memorable, indeed. Our favorites include the lamb meatball (on its own as an appetizer or on a pizza), the arugula/parmesan/red onion salad, linguine & shrimp fra diavolo, and the funghi (mushroom and goat cheese) pizza. A related recommendation is to check out Trinacria, a teeny Italian market not far from the Lex, on Paca St. Trinacria has been there for 100 years and in addition to having an extensive selection of imported goods, fresh breads, frozen prepared Italian goodies, and very cheap wine, they have amazing sandwiches and sweets! A fun place to get goodies for a picnic on top of Federal Hill or down by the water at the Harbor or in Fells Point."
"Although teaser #16 brings forth a similar aura of abstract elegance as previous releases, this video takes a step away from the dark and edgy theme and shows us D.O. and Su Ho’s purer sides instead."
"27 - Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it."
"Bossypants"
"But my real reason for heading to India was as a gift to myself."
"extra time with these adorable children I have."
"Demitri ignored my protest and continued to address Eli. “So, you threatened to taste her flesh.” His fingers tightened their grip around my wrist. “In the interest of investigating this matter further, I invoke the Silence.”"
"with apple pink"
"an arm? Not a hand. An arm. Wow. That is really a whole arm!"
"2 stitched frames"
"After I got my money selling all Micheesha’s kids’ presents I took myself to Dundonald Ice Bowl for a skate."
"\"Sugar sugar, doo doo doo doo doo-doo"
"For inquiries, please call the CCP Dramatic Arts Division at 832-1125 locals 1606 to 1607, or visit the website at www.culturalcenter.gov.ph."
"Its total potential impact on the city and regional economy is huge, and, exceptional as the GMCA may be, this publicised deal has to be seen as a massive precedent, and, surely, a major addition to the Yes campaigners’ armoury."
"Time to rethink that gym"
"The Ruby-throated Hummingbird is 7–9 cm long with an 8–11 cm wingspan, and weighs about 3 g. Adults are metallic green above and greyish white below, with near-black wings. Their bill is long, straight and very slender."
"Ok. I need another drink...some Oskar Blues Mama's Little Yella Pils should do the trick."
"From prejudice, hatred and scorn,"
"Wherever this flag is flown"
"stuck down hard in your fkd unit!"
"available: Hulu Plus and Netflix"
"Mix all ingredients in mixing bowl"
"However women are ‘better at remembering where things are’ and are more likely to navigate via landmarks rather than the generally male trait of navigating by sense of direction."
"“After Vietnam, Congress swore it would never again be duped into war, and even wrote a new law — the War Powers Act — to ensure it would not repeat its mistakes. But no law can force a Congress to stand up to the president. No law can make senators read the intelligence that showed the president was overstating the case for war. No law can give Congress a backbone if it refuses to stand up as the co-equal branch the Constitution made it.”"
"The word of God puts coveteousness right in with fornication and uncleaness. To have coveteousness is to strongly desire something you really dont need. It is to think about it a lot. The dictionary says: “To wish for longingly.” Our tradition of having our children make a list of what they want needs to be tempered so that it does not lead to coveteousness. It is okay to want something, and to give something. But we need to be careful not to breed a spirit of coveteousness in them. Make sure they realize we are giving gifts to one another in honor of Jesus’ gift to us. Make sure they are involved in giving as well as getting."
"First is SONG MAN BO (Lee Min Ho). Age: 22. He lives as a playboy due to his illegitimate birth that prevents him from taking any civil exam or government position. He is highly educated and there’s nothing that he couldn’t understand – which is proven when he recently solved a murder case at Pyeongyang. Lee Gak lures him that there is another murder case."
"What this means for our zombie scenario is that, for all their ferocity, zombies aren’t going to last very long or do much damage before they render themselves inoperative. They can be shot dead as easily as anyone else (bleeding out will kill them, too), they can drown, they can suffer debilitating injury, they can be beaten unconscious (with sufficient head trauma), and so on. Furthermore, since they can’t feel pain and their survival instincts are removed, they are far more vulnerable to simple things we might not consider. They don’t blink–blinking is a pain response to dryness in the eyes. The result is zombies will let their eyes dry out, hampering their vision (remember what I said about blind zombies?). They could be influenced to stare at the sun, for crying out loud. They don’t rest, meaning they are going to exhaust themselves, cramp up, run their feet raw until they’re bleeding, leading to infection and death. They could die of exposure (from heat or cold), dehydration, and all that other stuff that our very useful brain ordinarily wards off as a matter of instinct. Killing zombies would be arguably easier than killing regular people, since regular people would know not to walk into potentially deadly hazards and would periodically stop to rehydrate."
"when they arrive Home for the day or come to visit."
"* A church leader"
"I could add irritating, stiff, and forget a picnic with them. Now I understand I am not perfect (my family has no problem reminding me of my faults) but at least I am trying!"
"Timothy Bottoms as Hank Poelker"
"I know, its been a looong time since I updated this (I'm sorry and yes I have been punished by the torture-bots for this)."
"In any case, this will be a super short post with just a few pictures, since it’s the last day and we spent the whole day in Shibuya doing last min shopping and exploring."
"new ventures have begun too."
"Similasan Homeopathic Nasal Mist is available at Walgreens and other major online retailers as well. I found it at my favorite health food store, there was only one bottle left on the shelf the last time I was there, so I guess I'm not the only one that likes it!!"
"Status: On hold at the library, #1 in queue"
"Lost an hour of sleep and I think we all felt that loss keenly. Especially those who spent much of last night with 10 other people, stuffed into one of the tiny bedrooms, accompanied by a bottle of whisky and another of vodka. (I wasn't one of those people BTW but they could be identified this morning by the green hue of their gills and the capacious bags under their eyes.)"
"9:00 AM: Snorkel"
"Tangie: Journey12, AJC11 Parcel 30"
"“We were being evicted! You try living with a druggie that doesn’t pay the bills! And, who I fuck is none of your business!”"
"So, there you have it. My top tips for submitting. And remember: the most important thing is making sure the story comes first. A brilliant story will almost always find a good home – so making it brilliant is the most important step. If you do that, everything else should fall into place."
"Oct 31 – Jillians – Las Vegas, NV (W/Cobra Starship)"
"We even managed to get back to the local Chinese take away after it had closed. Almost unheard of."
"ALL-STAR DETECTIVE in 1941"
"Were there findings that were surprising to you?"
"2) Boobs."
"Appendix of New Chants for the Graduale (post-1962)"
"Put lamb shank in pressure cooker. Pour in water to cover around 3/4 of the shank. Throw in all the ingredients. Close the pressure cooker lid tightly and engage the safety lock. Cook the shank at high heat for 10 minutes then turn heat to low and cook for another 15 minutes. Let the cooker cool down for around 20 minutes and then release the pressure slowly. Serve lamb shank while still hot!"
"Finally the most difficult aspect of the building’s history is its category A listing. This means that the building cannot be demolished and any redevelopment must be done to the original architectural plans. Therefore for regeneration any bidders on the site would have to work around the original design. When built for such as a specific purpose how can the space can be utilised if the interior layout cannot be changed?"
"Thanks for the opportunity to win (perhaps!) as I'm never lucky enough to be part of the blog candy give-away!"
"Step 3 – Choose the type of bulb you want to grow"
"Their self-titled debut album is just that. The songs in them will have you clapping and stomping along to the ridiculously infectious beats and chugging charming harmonies."
"I didn't say anything, just followed Marge down the road and feeling panicked and caught for breath. As we walked I kept asking Marge the question in my head but could never get it out. It seemed like a pointless thing to do. Marge would only deny it further. Finally I did ask, just as he made his excuse to turn off down a road which took him in the opposite direction to where he was going."
"8) ED Pennsylvania - 1.91"
"I started making \"Transformation Tapestries\" in 2007 after my Nana died. The tapestry, made with her clothing, was a venue for grief resolution as well as a commemoration and celebration of her life. Since then, I have made others, not only to represent the deceased, but other life transitions as well."
"Of all of the magic moments I’ve experienced, from being there live when Anderson Silva front kick K.O.’d Vitor Belfort, to the masterpiece Nick Diaz delivered in his thumping of B.J. Penn, none have compared to the buzz and wonder of Fedor Emelianenko dismantling Tim Sylvia in under a minute. The grandeur of the scene and oneness of that crowd in Anaheim was unlike anything I’ve ever experienced. It was surreal. It was beautiful. A portion of that same euphoria is available to anyone that attends a live MMA event done right."
"This one I am naming “Dandelions”. I intend to use the fabrics above and sew it into a wall hanging for our spare bedroom. It will go really well with the existing beadspread and drapes. I got the idea when I drove up to the church this Sunday and noticed the grass starting to turn green along the building and the dandelions starting to bloom. Always a cheery and welcome sight, at spring’s first blush. Not so welcome as summer establishes herself. I might change it to four block squares and scatter the colours more. I’ll decide when I get that far and how ambitious I feel at the time."
"69ish HealWave values"
"Some Mother's Son"
"As South Africa moves ever closer to the American ideal, the pains attending the illusions of social and economic justice will eventually raise an economic boil of monumental proportions and, as South Africans will rapidly discover, lancing the boil is not without dire consequences."
"I'm kind of excited for this. Valve pushing boundaries again. But still...couldn't I just buy a normal PC then? It's not a real gaming console after all, but rather a PC, made for gaming. I'm looking forward to more news on this."
"Artist: Forró Safado"
"Price: $23.95"
"p.s. have had my new iphone 4s for less than 24 hours and am already completely obsessed with the siri feature!!! nothing like telling your phone that you are hungry... and instantly getting a list of the closest restaurants to your current location. loads o fun."
"A substantial ‘inheritance’ granted as a lump sum granted to all citizens on reaching the age of 18. To be funded by a substantial increase in inheritance tax. This would, for the first time, make the idea of equality of opportunity genuinely meaningful."
"I didn’t know why I was crying tonight, but I think I figered it out. I think I realized that there is some girl out there who has been told to forget, and yet she still feels empty every day. There is some baby boy out there who has been forgotten, there is some man or woman being fed lies… and there needed to be somebody who wept about it. There is nothing worse than a tragedy where nobody even cries."
"Hmmm, not a true movie buff – I usually can’t even remember the titles, very bad with titles. Beaches with Bette Midler really got a response out of me; I have seen it more than once and cried rivers of tears each time."
"Cute Cartoon Portraits: Where do you get your inspiration from?"
"-68.984348 , 39.647884"
"As depressed as I may get, as painful as things may get, I can’t give up. I may carry around a lot of burdens but I’m carrying something more important than that, and when he or she comes into the world I need to be strong for them!"
"Read the news alert and respond if you will. The CAF has a point but not for the reasons they state as being wronged by the USAF — like the British in the American Revolutionary War they lost, then lost again. I would offer honey instead of salt if I were the CAF with regard to this situation. Should this legislation go through there will be unintended consequences, as well, since there are always unintended consequences — so I would be reluctant to accept the amendment for that reason, not the emotional argument of the CAF."
"20And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone."
"Somerset is a town off the Pennsylvania Turnpike and near the site of the crash of Flight 93 on Sept. 11th, 2001. In Somerset, we had some great Philly/New York style pizza at Frank’s Pizza and then settled in for the night. The next morning would be our last in Pennsylvania."
"as well as a manor of thy friends or of thine own were;"
"This is my first post regarding readings in my COMM 506 course instructed by Kate Milberry. Tomorrow’s class will be covering Chapter 4 in Understanding Social Networks: Theories, Concepts, and Findings (2012) by Charles Kadushin."
"Richard C. Hoagland will tell you that the conclusion I came to in Ancient Dramas, Modern Myths is correct-- that the Shemsu Hor still very much exists and will exercise its influence behind the scenes with certain films (almost always science fiction action/adventures with strong alien and ancient astronaut themes or allegories). For the record, Graham Hancock told me in 2006 that he also believes that the Shemsu Hor still exist as well."
"Ale Stars at The Local Taphouse in St Kilda will tomorrow night sample the darkish joys of brown ales and all the deep mysteries that lie within. This is probably a style that many are unfamiliar with - I guess it is seen as something of an English peculiarity. The fact that Australian brewers who have a Brown Ale in their portfolio are happy to promote them as English style probably confirms the view."
"- My wife says: I liked the scene with Zoey and her boyfriend, where one day a month she hoped he was different? What you trying to say Wifey?"
"But now he could only stare, could only concentrate on the fundamental act of breathing in and out until the scene unfolded… till he could… till he…"
"But most importantly, remember what those bastards did to us:"
"As always with Galloway, by his friends shall ye know him. At his main rally he was supported by Abjol Miah, a leading figure in both Respect and the Islamic Forum for Europe (IFE), an extremist organisation which wants the creation of a sharia state in Europe. Also on board was the Muslim Public Affairs Committee (MPAC), a group which previously campaigned against a Labour Member of Parliament for being “Jewish” (she wasn’t, not that it matters)."
"Park Yoochun’s manager was driving the van at the time and it was later found that the cause of the accident was the manager dozing off at the wheel. The car rear-ended a truck and the front of the vehicle was damaged beyond recognition. Though Park Yoochun was sitting in the passenger seat of the car, he luckily did not suffer from any major injuries."
"3. Strawberries, $1.29/lb. at Sprouts (through 3/9/11)"
"*Province – just think of it as a very large State, a la the US"
"The most important of the bunch...be yielding. Love Jesus. Teach your family to love Jesus. Yield to God's leadership and Lordship over your home. He has great things in store for you and your family and there are blessings that come with rooting your home in Christ."
"After he stripped the dead men of their weapons, Xu Guan gathered up their packs. Each pack held several packets labeled MEAL, READY-TO-EAT, INDIVIDUAL. Xu Guan couldn’t read the words but he recognized the packages. They held food!"
"OMG – it has been awhile since my last post as I have been battling a bad case of the flu and pneumonia…it was a killer. But I am back! Well almost back…. I am slowly but surely on the mend and dying to get back to making some fun clean foods and the gym. Oh how I miss the gym!"
"KIDS: “Whine whine whine whine whine.“"
"Unfortunately, I don't have any pictures of our desserts...delicious persimmon puddings with lemon curd and macaroons from our awesome friend Jess and an assortment of cookies (the best chocolate chocolate chip cookies ever, orange thumbprint cookies) and phenomenal lemon cheesecake from Elaine. A delicious time was had by all."
"Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm will be doing its bit to help local birds this spring by inviting members of the public to join in making nibbles and nest boxes."
"daughter says that the dad is a little scared and the mom just doesn’t"
"\"In other words, in the 40-some years since 'Get Smart' aired in an atmosphere of international tension and suspicion, not much has changed,\" quips Stern."
"This unity can only be experienced in the truth. There is no unity in the false Trinity concept. It is the seed of men that mingles with men, but does not cause them to cleave one to another."
"Traditionally, mistletoe can be kept over the doorways in the house either until Candlemas, when the last of the Christmas greenery is traditionally taken down, or can remain in the house year round. The mistletoe is supposed to also help ward off lightning strikes and fires for the house, bring good fortune, and--naturally--help bring babies to the house. However, if you keep mistletoe up all year, you should take it down on Christmas Eve and replace it with a new sprig. This helps re-up the good luck and fertility invocation of the plant."
"For this new edition, we needed an overall title. West of the Moon was my working title for Troll Blood and all of us – my publisher, agent and I – had a soft spot for it. It seems to express the longing for adventure that Peer and Hilde both feel, as well as hinting at the strong fairytale and fantasy elements of the story."
"My last driver to dog on for tonight’s race is Martin Truex Jr. Two top-ten finishes in 13 starts. Most of his finishes are in the 20s or below. I know, I know. He starts 8th and is second in the points but I have to believe the MWR star will fade soon."
"The earliest May Day celebrations appeared in pre-Christian times, with the festival of Flora, the Roman goddess of flowers, and the Walpurgis Night celebrations of the Germanic countries. It is also associated with the Gaelic Beltane. Many pagan celebrations were abandoned or Christianized during the process of conversion in Europe. A more secular version of May Day continues to be observed in Europe and America. In this form, May Day may be best known for its tradition of dancing the maypole dance and crowning of the Queen of the May. Various Neopagan groups celebrate reconstructed (to varying degrees) versions of these customs on May 1st."
"1x Barclay's Russian Stout, brewed in 1966,"
"You see, this blog is really about my naivety. Someone promised to return money and they lied and then they made up more lies. And I was shocked. I’m even invoking religion, which is pretty clear on this issue. That’s pretty naive. The last refuge of the desperate man. However, religions’ laws are simply natural laws (in my opinion) which are needed to move out of anarchy and into civilisation, and that’s why people made them up / gods gave them unto us. We’ve got to live by these rules or a small number of people get all the wealth, power and success and everyone else picks up crumbs with iron boots hanging above them like swords of Damocles, but which drop at the whim of the powerful few and not the powerful masses. By not giving me my money, by lying about our stay, by cheating us, Hawkrigg shocked me because the lies were so blatant, so in-your-face, so exasperatingly deceptive; it wasn’t a bending of the truth or something I could brush off as a misunderstanding: it was a lie. A lie created solely to deprive me of money. I know people behave like that, but I expect it from people who are on the breadline or on heroin. When a guesthouse owner behaves like a smack-head, something, surely, is wrong, isn’t it?"
"If Limbaugh has a human brain cell and human heart cell left, surely he will retract this bizarre endorsement of terrorists."
"Yep that's right only 2 days of exercise over the past 5, and honestly they are about the only days I have exercised since the Komen 3 Day Walk a month ago. I had a nice long heart to heart with myself last night while I was wallowing in self-pity and I decided that the only way to pull myself up by the boot-straps was to start moving my body! So although it was LATE and I knew I was waking up early today I decided to do some kind of exercise - I did the Wii Fit Step Aerobics and added in some 3# dumbbells to work on some arm stuff. It felt great to move, even if it wasn't too strenuous!"
"Today I had to take my car into Hereford early for an MOT and service - so I took the chance to do some unaccompanied shopping in the morning rather than come home. I was expecting my car to be finished with by about 1 pm, but then found it would take several more hours, but not long enough to make it worth driving home in the courtesy car and then back again. So I went to do more shopping...just for fun and to kill time."
"\"One choice can transform you.\""
"Bruce Wilson – The Vancouver AIDS Memorial. I won the commission in an open competition to sculptors, artists and designers around the province. Arthur Erickson ~ my lifelong hero~ chaired the jury and voted for my entry. It was an unpopular project at the time ~ fuelled mainly by homophobia ~ and it was a struggle that required tireless commitment by all those involved. My proudest moment was at the unveiling where I was asked to speak about my experience in completing the project."
"Even if I have everything in the world"
"Police said one of the bulldogs was so severely malnourished he had to be euthanized."
"Well, that's it for me today. I hope you give this a try if you have any Distress Inks in your stash. They are so much fun to work with!!"
"Seasoning :"
"I don't know what this is. It has pink flowers, which will open shortly."
"Previously God had worked salvation for mankind through the Jews and is still true even in the case of Jesus as Jesus was a Jew. The purpose of God was always to bring salvation to people. Previously the Jewish nation of Israel were a witness to God’s great glory. When God performed great miracles in Egypt the Egyptian leaders should have submitted to the will of God and acknowledged him as Supreme and got rid of their gods, but rather they opposed Moses his mediator. A small portion of Egyptians did follow him. Consider the story of Ruth a Moabite – an enemy of the Jews yet through her faith was accepted into teh household of God. One day through her line would be born Jesus. Gentiles were always welcome to be saved but lacked privileges in the temple services. Under Christ (also a Jew) we come to God and have equal share in temple services with the Jews, but no longer in a physical temple but as a living temple of God."
"Heading out in a few to the big Camping World store. We have only been to an express store before so this will be a fun adventure."
"80 ml milk"
"This report provides information regarding some missing radioactive wastes, but only deals with tiny amounts of missing weapons production inventories."
"I want to be able to dance like them. Imagine living in a time when stereo was actually a novel invention? Absolutely crazy to think about today when FLAC, terabytes of music and tiny mp3 players have become normal."
"in men. She loved fashion and at 22, was on the cover of Harper's Bazaar."
"For today’s GMT (or actually yesterday’s ), I am sharing a lip smacking Indian chinese bread pizza that is great as an appetizer when you have guests over."
"If true, that’s good news."
"Same old me; cycles of insomnia are nothing new."
"As I’ve said before, the United States has not come here to claim resources or to claim territory. We came with a very clear mission: We came to destroy al Qaeda. And we have enormous respect for Afghan sovereignty and the dignity of the Afghan people. Together, we’re now committed to replacing war with peace and pursuing a more hopeful future as equal partners."
"How do you say \"no\" in Japanese? This is nuts. You don't go through this. You say, \"Give me five minutes.\" You gotta cut it short. How long can she stand there?"
"Patriots day. Warsaw uprising day. Waco Day. Oklahoma City Day."
"Step 3. Prepare the nacho chips"
"Math:"
"For others, discrimination provoked them to try to build a community of fathers:"
"\"Look!\""
"After the holiday season and before St. Patrick's Day, there's usually a wonderful lull in my schedule. I can snuggle in, watch movies, give the cats some quality snuggle-time, reconnect with friends, let the harps gather a little dust. And knit. Knit, knit, knit, knit, knit."
"Today Jack's been working on our landscape,"
"...a dud."
"In college I loved my play-writing workshop with Rochelle Owens, creating a playscript calling for a huge screen and projections in lieu of other kinds of staging, this is in the early ‘80’s. This was also when I was taking verbal performance with Jerome Rothenberg and constructing text performances, one using slides and two voices, another taking a kind of Bread and Puppet Theatre approach with outdoor performance and multiple performers. And, in a box somewhere from those days, there is a fantasy novella, my only real venture into fiction. I have written the occasional nonfiction piece, though very rarely."
"Me (taking a deep breath to fuel my diatribe): I don't know how I'm supposed to enjoy, or even find a redeeming quality, in a movie that's so overtly misogynistic! I mean, for the love, every single female character in the movie was reduced to tits & ass!!"
"There was a pork loin with gravy that saved the day. It kept me from finding and ranting at the manager. Never mind the mushy vegetables that were supposed to go with it. Broccoli is such an expensive veggie that the least you could do was to cook it right. As a general rule, half cooked is eighteen times better than mushy for veggies."
"Winner and getting a brewday with Sambrooks Brewery Fergus McIver with Taste the Darkness. This was a great american style stout, probably entered in the wrong category or would have been higher up on the judges lists."
"1/4 cup white distilled vinegar to the last rinse. The acid in white distilled vinegar is too mild to harm fabrics, yet strong enough to dissolve the alkalies in soaps and detergents. Besides removing soap, white distilled vinegar prevents yellowing, acts as a fabric softener and static cling reducer, and attacks mold and mildew. It helps keep colors from running, and helps keep hair (pet or human) and lint from"
"3 gallery"
"KK: The added level of security we receive through an audit helps ensure that we are maximizing our investments and minimizing waste. By incorporating Sunday Select into the reports, the transparency enables us to pick and choose where we want the added coverage and where we do not. While most Sunday Select-type products are built using very similar rules and strategies, there are some that are more desirable than others. Having them audited and incorporated into the ABC reports adds a level of confidence and ensures consistency market to market."
"Wallala leialala"
"Our last full show of the tour. We cleared the stage and the next band set up."
"I sat and really read the lyrics to this song...and I realized it is not about some chick getting drugs and dyig (like I assumed all music from that time was about...lol) but about people coming together and gaining wisdom, being at peace in the universe..that sort of stuff."
"I am going to log them hopefully before the end of the week and then i will start putting the package together."
"Williams said the victim, a white female, entered the back of the bus, and was told she would have to stand. Deputies said she was then hit by a shoe."
"The increasingly interdependent world economy brings a new framework for business leaders to consider the question: How do I foster decisive leadership to achieve a high level of success? While classical in nature, it is now necessary to examine this question through lenses that focus on appreciation of international interdependencies and cultural differences. To do this, the international business leader must develop a globally focused education, master multilingual capabilities and embrace cultural differences."
"That’s why Bessant and Drury’s win for their (*deep breath*) egg free, soya free, nut free, gluten free, dairy free, vegan ice cream caught my eye. (I think they’re probably wheat free, too, but need to check on that.) They’ve created a product that is not just aimed at the food allergy market but that can still declare itself to be allergy safe for many. I’d like to think this is the future for free from foods: not a specialist niche but an attempt to create properly luxury products that exclude the main allergens, but where taste is all."
"Model: Sarah Tintiangko"
"and you’ve just lost yours."
"Level 8: MP Cost: 25, Damage: 222%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 3 times, 8% chance to stun the enemy for 2 seconds."
"bear cargoes bagged"
"I've had to step away from the blogosphere for a while. I finally had to admit to myself that I spent more time reading blogs than doing pretty much anything else. What had started as enjoyable morning reading while I ate my breakfast before getting to work turned into a multi-hour consuming distraction that left me with work to be done in the evening. That being said, I think it's time to give myself a little blog time, probably only in the evenings or on weekends."
"Thomas Nelson, 2012"
"1 Roedelius* - Johanneslust 4:58"
"Husbands will pay a modest bride price, but no less than one gram of gold (which Abdullahi wants to go to the bride but usually goes to her family). The state will also pay all wedding expenses."
"QVC has promoted Andy Celllucci to vice president of affiliate marketing to fill Apostolico’s slot."
"here’s the thing, though: i don’t even know these people’s names, at the end of the BBQ. somehow introductions and names weren’t much of a priority :)"
"Undead is the total Death Metal package. I mean, I cannot describe it any better than that. I wrote an earlier review on a three song sampler from this Undead album and praised Six Feet Under for what I absorbed sonically. Listening to and enjoying the entire Undead album only solidifies my Metal points made from that prior review."
"“I was very happy with the direction we were taking and we got some good data from the car. The developments we have here are a definite step forward and I think because of our programme there was quite a lot more to come from the package.”"
"Well, I made my last comment reply at 3:59pm my time, and it’s now 9:39pm. I’ve pretty much been asleep for all the time in between – with the big “tornado” blowers (which I’ve just turned off) running the all along. I’m amazed that I slept through all that noise. But what I’m most amazed at is the fact that this PC didn’t freeze up and is still running even now."
"Next, is this dresser. She has such gorgeous lines, all curvy up front! I’m not sure how she will end up, but she will surely be painted, she has a bit of damage on one of the sides near the bottom."
"Dr Jaiya informed us that at WIPO on World IP Day the late Steve Jobs of Apple was being honoured, so it seemed quite apt that in the UK IPO poll Sir Jonathan Ive - Senior Vice President of Industrial Design at Apple Inc. had been voted Favourite British Visionary Innovator 2012."
"On chat shows and in person, she has always seemed amusing and amused. But mostly it has been an endless parade of cheerlessness, gloom and deadpan VB doom."
"Do we feed the poor to alleviate their needs or do we feed to poor to feel good about ourselves? Do we help people simply to give them a boost in life or do we help them so we may feel like we’re generous people?"
"· With over 15 new styles, the line features metallic sandals, classic Mary Janes and several new athletic styles."
"“Everything is acceptable, no matter what it is.” As much as I am in favor of religious freedom, I always get angry when I happen on this sentence again. On one side it’s nice – you can do whatever seems right for you, even if it looks wrong to you. But try getting more exact response and you don’t know if just laugh or cry. We are like neutered to have an opinion or accept history as factual evidence. I often see this in writing communities too – do whatever you want. How is that helpful to anyone? We don’t learn from it, we’re left to sink in that mud hole others call street, but crossing it is even harder because others won’t help us to the house we need to go and all this together we’ll be late for our appointment."
"Brewdog are new and sucky and have less beer beliies but more fan-boys."
"This statement might be a little over exaggerated but I was pissed."
"Week 15 - Mar 3rd - Rachel -"
"THE TRUMPET by Bill Burns — 10/3/11:"
"Wednesday, April 11th"
"Two albums, “Miles Davis at Fillmore” and the sound track for the documentary film “Jack Johnson,” have been released since “Bitches Brew,” but neither shows signs of doing as well commercially. This of course provides an incentive to make the next release particularly interesting, and it looks as if “Live and Evil” (one word is the reverse spelling of the other) will be just that. Scheduled for a December release, it is the distillation of ten to fifteen reels of tape, selected from an original working pile of thirty reels. “The album is partly live, and it has an ethereal evil, where the mind is clouded and all these things are happening,” says Macero, “it’s like a wild dream.” Artist Mati Klarwein, who was responsible for the unusual “Bitches Brew” cover, has been commissioned to give the new album a similar look."
"The wind didn’t get any better neither, by lunch time the felt from the shed room at the house on the back was near on vacated that particular shed, surprised ours didn’t come off, however it did stay put. The fences were shaking, little trees were bending and the rain was pelting down. To be honest I think that hail last week was a bit easier to bear than if we had been out in that weather of today."
"blend 1/2 cup hot mixture into beaten egg yolks; return egg mixture to custard."
"PSS.. Happy Birthday to my wonderful friend Riley! :)"
"2 TBLS fermented fish sauce (nam pla)"
"I find that following someone else's directions helps me jump start my own creativity."
"Superficially, the TRC appears to have provided a balanced and comprehensive account, for it has issued condemnations all around: upon the former National Party (NP) government for instructing the 'elimination' of political opponents and then claiming surprise at their deaths; the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) for its massacres of supporters of the African National Congress (ANC); the Pan-Africanist Congress (PAC) and its armed wing for targeting civilians; the white right wing for planning an insurrection intended to derail democracy; the former United Democratic Front (UDF) for attacks in the 1980s on councillors, policemen, and collaborators; and the ANC for bombing operations that sometimes 'went awry' and killed civilians, for abuses in its camps in other countries, and for creating a climate in which some of its supporters thought certain violations to be legitimate."
"round, plump, and wrinkled by the sun,"
"I love having crafty friends!"
"Interspersed with the considerable drama are moments of hilarity and believable teenage interaction. Shigure is frequently hilarious and sarcastic (especially when tormenting his editor), but Yuki, despite a deep sweetness for Tohru, can be equally cutting. Hatsuharu's method for proving his white-on-black hair color is natural to the Student Council President is probably my favorite moment ever. Much of the \"violence\" is funnier than it is, well, violent. Some of it definitely is not."
"Chris, one of my characters, is very dutiful. Why is he dutiful? He craves being respected, even admired. His path to being a respected man is to be dutiful. But of course the reason he wants to be respected is that he’s not very respected at all. He wants to show everyone he can be trusted, but is patronised overlooked and humiliated on a regular basis. Impulse emotions in him are shame and humiliation and inadequacy. He feels this way because he idolises his dead father, and feels himself coming up short all the time."
"Kids, can you spell C O R R U P T I O N ?"
"I found my notes from our roadtrip home from Colorado, yayy!! I thought they were lost for good but apparently not. So our roadtrip home consisted of leaving Denver and heading Northeast to South Dakota. Turns out there's nothing in South Dakota but this really weird, Dr. Seuss looking landscape and pheasants that like to play Frogger with your car. No breweries for day 1."
"Pour mixture onto a floured board and knead until tight and glossy. It should be difficult to mix, to a point where no more flour will stay into mixture. Form into a ball and let it sit, covered, for 1/2 – 1 hour."
"As for small happenings, Kira had her musical program tonight! Only Ben and I made it, which really disappointed her! She sobbed before we came, for about ten minutes! Then she kept watching the door. I felt bad for her! Then she started crying in the last song, because Ben was giving her the \"boooo\" sign! Good grief! I was working so hard to film everything to show Scott and his mom when they got here that I hadn't noticed! Poor Kira! She was already emotional! She did a great job though! It was eight songs, straight in a row, with no words! I'm impressed!"
"Did you get any great presents?? I got an ice cream maker!! I'm so excited! Now I just need to get a recipe book for it."
"Sometime"
"PELVIC FLOOR"
"Something that never happens at home."
"It’s been many years"
"Half-crazed with success, we went across the street to the Costa Mesa Barnes & Noble (which is all of two miles from the Huntington Beach Barnes & Noble). No dice--and they didn't have it at all. \"Not every place has it,\" the clerk told me as he scanned his computer screen, \"they only have copies at Huntington Beach and Irvine and Aliso Viejo and Orange and Tustin and Fullerton and Long Beach.\" Which amounts to seven of the ten stores within 15 miles of my house, which I would call not too shabby."
"This light amber beer with a creamy white head provides the picture perfect “craft beer”. There is a pleasant aroma of malty sweetness and floral hop characters. The taste is initially sweet and then turns to a sort of spicy and bitter hop character that is noticeable but not overwhelming."
"For me, I love taking photos of the old places."
"I hadn’t realized how much time passed since I had posted anything until I opened my “Inspiration” iPhoto album and balked at how many photos I had accrued without making a corresponding makeup look. I’ve been wanting to post a deep-indigo-and-white look for a while since coming across this beautiful floral shot. Indigo is one of those beautiful colors that is often overlooked and excluded from the basic spectrum — so without further ado, let’s give indigo a moment in the spotlight."
"Overall, this $14 worth of samples didn’t live up to my expectations, and I feel like I should save my money to get one nice product I prefer instead. I did read other bloggers who got similar or same items, and were thrilled. Each to his(her)own. Also, my mom will go crazy on me if she finds out I subscribe to a box of samples monthly. This was a nice 3 month surprise- but I’m cancelling beauty subscriptions for now. Hopefully topbox removes me off the waitlist soon so I can try them for once!"
"Heddon-on-the-Wall grew up around Hexham Road, which until 1971 was the main road from Newcastle to Hexham. The A69 road bypassed Heddon-on-the-Wall which runs from Newcastle to Carlisle passing Hexham. Heddon-on-the-Wall benefits from its proximity to the A69 but is more popular with retired people rather than commuters due to its lack of a railway station, from which its close neighbour Wylam benefits."
"After walking around looking at huge, non-elegant jewelery and fending off the Rolex sellers, we headed to the Fish and Vegetable market. The odour just outside the fish market had me gaging, but it was OK when you got inside. There were fishes of all sorts there, small, big and huge!! We saw baby tuna, full grown tuna, sharks and eels. The vegetable stalls had practically everything you could want, except Gem Squash. We bought a box of the softest, freshest dates I have ever tasted, and headed back to the creek to grab a taxi. On our way out we came across Hammerhead sharks lying on a half wall outside. They were huge!!"
"I took a shortcut at the end (imagine that) by melting the cheese over the previously toasted bread in the microwave and then spooning the finished soup around it. The bread really soaked it up. I was delighted with the outcome. I didn't think this dish was within my cooking finesse. It does take a bit of time, but the results are worth the effort. Bon Appetit!"
"This Chicago born playwright and, Gordon Brown appointed. Deputy chairman of the British Museum, who has lived in England since the 1980's but speaks with voice resonating in mint juleps and Acacia blossom, in the apparent belief that an Antebellum note might give her the credibility of a Maya Angelou, whilst at the same time evoking images of slavery, is as fake as is her accent."
"I am now scheduling a one week tour for the paranormal YA novel Hurricane by Jenna-Lynne Duncan"
"Then you suddenly wake up on the living room floor at 4 am, wearing mismatched socks, one boob hanging out, manually rocking a bouncy seat as you listen to something called \"Ocean Waves,\" but which you suspect is actually just someone's shitty iPhone recording of an industrial dryer. Your week-old infant is wailing, and you must choose whether to let him cry while you pee or take him with you. A moment later, squatting over the toilet while trying to keep his blankie out of the stream, you begin to seriously question your decision-making skills."
"One festival done, now on to the V & E Artwalk. Again, I wasn’t sure what to expect from the first V & E event. Walking up I was very surprised how many artists had booths set up. The art? Very good. Did I buy something? Yes I did. Two things actually. First up, one of the coolest shirts in Memphis:"
"Photos with Mom"
"STAMP: Belles n Whistles \"Pen Friend\""
"Given my self-confessed obsession for yeasted baked goods, it only makes sense that the first post of the year is -yet another- bread recipe."
"It's really hard to take a self portrait with a D80 and 50 mm lens."
"We all like to be listened to; it is in our nature. Children are no different. If a child screams everytime she is put into a car seat, she is telling you that she doesn't want to be there. This is simple and well understood. We can't change OUR behavior but we can make it comfortable back there or give her a choice about how she can get in there. But we must communicate with no emotion (just the facts) that she will be in the car seat buckled if the car is to move. It is the clear and emotionless communication that is going to give this child the message that this is an absolute, and once that is communicated less behavior will occur, i guarantee it."
"Genre : Action, Comedy"
"we"
"(And here I thought \"Pop Tarts\" were only available on a store shelf!)"
"Lest we forget the sacrifices of those who served, those who serve."
"If you have any questions, please let me know!"
"We had found this perfect cabin on Saturday and the"
"Gregory Porter vocals"
"The mechanism I used to create this, is actually -- a store bought card! Yep, the blue background has a white tab that pulls when the card is opened to create the sound already built into the original card. I simply cut the card to fit the size of my book and created all my own thematic embellishments using my Cricut."
"So off to town to get the rest of the ingredients. Getting off the bus we met two young men in medieval clothing who explained that there was an event in one of the local churches. A Christmas tree festival, medieval living display, flea market and cake stalls, with carols in the background. It was only slightly out of our way so of course we had to go, albeit at a very slow pace:"
"Good afternoon. Chag sameach."
"9. What are my most prized possessions? Do I hoard anything? Do I have so much of anything that I care little if I must give it away?"
"“With robust television and digital video platforms, HSN is uniquely positioned to launch new brands, expand established brands into new categories and bring first-of-their-kind products to market,” said Mindy Grossman, Chief Executive Officer for HSN, Inc. “The addition of Anne’s proven merchandising and product development expertise across mass market, specialty and luxury brands will be essential in our ongoing effort to expand our portfolio of differentiated brands and assortment of innovative product to continually engage our customers.”"
"When I reminisce about my student days I remember the times when I would seek to be inspired in the most unconventional places. We are taught to be motivated in school and I realize through the years that motivation is not so much as taught, but rather ‘caught’."
"Not so in Kenya. The level of intractability is debilitating. Teachers here would actually rather die than try something new in some cases. It tends to be the teachers who received their education via chalk and talk or they are 45 + in age, similar to the phenomenon of America where older teachers are more reluctant to change. In Kenya, the chalk and talk phenomenon is exactly what I had seen in Namibia ten years ago except that in Namibia, the teachers were at least ‘curious’ about a different way of teaching. I have run up against teachers here who are so firmly entrenched they have to have lead in the cement holding their feet in place."
"Now that we have some custom content, let’s do something with it. The first thing you might want to do is edit the Player’s character. We’ll do this by going into the Database."
"\"My seamstress friend helped me make the triple pleat curtains out of the Braemore Fioretto in the blue colorway. I found the best prices for this fabric at Mary Jo’s at $18/yard. (Ed. Note: When two rooms are open to each other like Emily's living room and dining room are here, it's a really good idea to use the same curtains in both rooms, even if you want the rooms to have a different feel.)"
"Listening to your fear of failure is the one sure way to fail. So arm yourself against it. Ask yourself how much you want the goals you've set yourself. When I did this, my answer was simple. A writing career is so important to me that I'm willing to put in the long hours and the hard work. I'm willing to deal with all the ups and downs."
"I am in love with graffiti…everything about it…."
"Because not only can I get through it, but I can overcome the reading and finish my assignments...(besides I have to :)"
"You may remember it was while at the London School of Economics Saif was maliciously and scurrilously accused of plagiarism after submitting his thesis entitled “The Mathematical calculations of String theory and its algebraic equations with the Principles of Dark Matter and Multiple universes”. This magnificent piece of scientific research was submitted immediately after Saif had completed an accredited course of Period Furniture Restoration in Whitechapel."
"Meetings, Major Church: Gatherings of church members for their edification and instruction. Larger church meetings, such as general conference, are televised so that members can sleep in the comfort of their own homes."
"I notice that the White House lawsuit against Arizona never ONCE mentions racial discrimination, civil rights violations, profiling, or anything else they had falsely attacked Arizona over. They demonized and demagogued honest people, but when it was time to actually put their money where their mouths were, they had nothing."
"Tonight though, there is no limousines, chauffeurs, 4x4's or people carriers gracing its muddy car park. From a distance I can only make a ring of fog which surrounds the pub and juts out to sea like a large floating Frisbee."
"I know President Susan Cox is preparing for a speaking engagement on Quimper to an antique group. She has also posted a letter on our club website, go check it out here."
"The missionaries’ qualities reflected the source of their recruitment (Christian institutions). Although the overt theme may have been to convert to Christianity underlying this, and reflected by the establishment of thousands of schools, the aim was far broader. It was spoken aloud that the missionaries wanted to “civilise savages”. Read another way, they planned to replicate their own society."
"Tomorrow, I go to Brigham and Woman's for my almost one year anniversary appointment. I can't believe how far the time has flown. With all the ups and downs I would not change the past year for anything."
"Do you see that little rating there on the corner of the DVD box? It either says G, PG, PG-13, or R? If it says R, don't watch it and then complain about its content."
"Probably like many of you, crafting takes up a very small portion of what reality truly is around your home. I blog a lot about crafting and parties and all the pretty stuff. So..."
"“The EC has failed to act on this… to clean up the electoral roll even though the presence of these non-resident voters contravenes Article 119 1(b) of the Federal Constitution which says a voter must be a resident in the constituency he is voting in,” he said."
"When I watched “Charade” for the first time, I fell in love with Cary Grant. Released in 1963, this comedy/suspense film is often dubbed “the best Hitchcock film that Hitchcock never made.” In actuality, it was directed by Stanley Donen."
"and the glaze has come out nice and rich."
"When I was in Boston for the Cubs/Red Sox series, I bought a pack of cards that were random for $2.00. I have decided to collect as many autographs out of that pack as I could. I have been limited in my success; I have sent out 11, and have only received 2 back. My second player back is Jerry Don Gleaton, former Royal, which I am also collecting."
"little bit of everything. A lot of people associated DC with Dischord"
"* University of Washington - Seattle (USA)"
"Castlehill**"
"The Development Control Group of the URA puts out detailed Development Control Parameters that guide what can and cannot be developed in Singapore, depending on the type of development the area is zoned for. Broadly speaking, we can classify it into two major parts, Residential and Non-Residential developments."
"It never broke. I still think its ugly, I don't like the rounded style handles, but now, when I need a breaker bar that I can trust, I get that one. It works. It is not pretty. But for getting a task done, it will absolutely do the job."
"Koyaanisqatsi is the first entry in the Qatsi trilogy, a collaboration between director Godfrey Reggio, cinematographer Ron Fricke, and composer Philip Glass. It operates as a unique kind of documentary, a pure cinematic experience whose message is delivered solely through images and music. Through a series of expertly devised thematic sequences, the film examines the effects which we humans have had on our environment—in particular, the technological advances that have disrupted our natural habitat to the point of our dissociation from it. In Reggio's view, humanity is a throbbing mass of neuroses, a species caught between the extremes of frenzy and melancholia. His diagnosis is grim, but his solution is clear: In order for the human race to survive, we need to slow down, cheer up, and quit digging precious things from the land."
"It seems everyone these days is talking about saunas. They are more popular than ever, with many people being exposed to them for the first time in their health club, weight lifting gym or at school. No matter what people find out about saunas, one thing is clear: People want their own sauna at home!"
"Henry is coloured with copics."
"And this... *GASP* ... is what my sewing room looks like at the moment and that's a problem (BTW, don't start cleaning and reorganizing unless you can do it all in one shot because walking back in on this is daunting)."
"From them he extracted over 20,000 pages of classified information relating to Prozac, Paxil, and various other antidepressants."
"I just wish I knew why the lord does not want to bless us with such a beautiful creation, in which he himself created. I am loosing all hopes and faith. Sometimes I just want to cry when I see my nephew wishing he was my son instead, or when I see parents with their children. I feel it is a feeling I will never come to have or share. Something that I am being ripped out off or being kept on the side. The side hurts, even though I myself do no express it to anyone. Everyone else just thinks I do not want children or just not ready to have them right now, but if they only knew that deep down inside I’m breaking into millions of tiny pieces because I can’t have this experience."
"Then we walked along 7th avenue to Central Park. This place must be huge and we have decided to visit and explore properly another day. After central park we decided to head towards Madisson Avenue and have a look there.....we also saw Bryant park on the way and Madisson Square Gardens. We also wandered around Grand Central Station .... Amazing place and so beautiful - its hard to believe that it is a working station."
"Jamaican Black Stripe (as interpreted)"
"This is the last of the restaurant and dining advice from my fellow thrifty friend, Michelle Hovestadt of www.wickedcooldeals.com:"
"How could one compare and contrast two different sorts of pleasures?"
"Indications are that Paul Kruger and Pretorius streets will retain their names. However, according to Ramokgopa, the whole section of Paul Kruger Street between the Pretoria railway station, passing through Church Square to the Pretoria Zoo, would be upgraded to demonstrate how the council intends to adapt, shape and improve the inner city to be more accommodating for non-motorised commuting. - (Source)"
"Do you feel like you could be sabotaging your efforts?"
"I germinated and replanted over a few days week before last and have sprouts already coming up. Beans, okra and lettuce and I already hit them fuckers with Sevin insecticide. I also dusted all the peppers, melons and cukes then hit the tomatoes last. I really hated to do the tomatoes because there were a bunch of ladybugs in there doing a job on the aphids, but they just weren't cutting it."
"\"Nine!, Eight!\" ice clinked in glasses and the front door opened, a cool wind rubbing fast over my skin. A chilled breeze had my imagination me on the bow of a boat in the Northern sea, salty spray in my face."
"I made this card with the new sketch over at the WOJ challenge blog."
"Who am I? Harry Conner. I’m 13. I live in Warracknabeal, but you would know that Miss, because you live here too. What sort of things do I like to do? You might think there’s not much to do in a country town like this, after coming down from Sydney, but there's a swimming pool (I prefer the river - we’ve got a great rope swing) and a cinema (‘The Thin Man’ is showing if you like mysteries, I do)."
"To those who don't know me, GH is minimalist and I am more in to \"que sera sera\", what I like, I put it there, thing? And I am loving it. So, we both comprimes... 50-50 and we both gave a HI-5!"
"My dream experienced a time jump here and during that lapse, had been converted into an airforce hanger. For Nazis. Why no one in my neighborhood had been aware of this change or cared enough to stop it was never explained, but there you go. Obviously, this bothered me as a young Jewish woman. My home is directly next door. I work here. And I certainly do not want to work for Nazis somewhere on the first floor of the new building. Apparently they liked me more than I liked them because my office was large and very beautiful."
"Zenithfilms is looking to raise funds so that we can cover the costs of the actors, director & musician expenses, costume creation, set and props."
"B. The Wise Person Will Be Despised By A Fool"
"10 bucks got me this cool tasting glass and a chance to try 4 beers. Out of the lineup available when I was there I went with the New Belgium Tart Lychee, Bear Republic Mach 10, Hopaloped (512) Bruin, and New Belgium Eric's Ale."
"6. The Ray Charles Singers - Desafinado (Slightly Out of Tune)"
"My passion: Writing"
"Goodness I love the Tucson skies."
"I just assumed that it was the same apricot shit that I used back in my 20’s, and that the only thing that had changed was the packaging."
"from start to finish.. Unity is the best.. oh and membership incentives... gotta love that!!"
"I’m right here for your"
"It appears to be fluid enough. As Banal has been a Cone assistant for couple of years now. The first conference of Banal was not worth remembering. The former Talk and Text mentor desperately tries to implement the triangle, only to fell short at end games."
"and sink brave men in the salty sea"
"It is no wonder that people like Rob Bell write the kinds of books he writes when Christians seriously entertain ideas that make the eternal torment of friends look like something to take pleasure in. At any rate, I offered my two cents on this sort of thought in the following argument:"
"I was overjoyed with the way it turned out. I kept looking around for little caramel droplets that I could lick up. I wanted to just stop right there, forget about the rest of the ganache, and eat up all the caramel sauce. But because I'm a mature person, I didn't."
"showering on to anyone naked;"
"DUH!!! Isn't Jamaica Bay supposed to be a WILDLIFE REFUGE???? After they get rid of the gulls, what species will be the next culprit? After all, those jet engines \"suck in everything\". The cormorants maybe? They are awfully big birds and there seem to be a lot of them around. And talking about big birds, how about getting rid of the Egrets & Herons? We all know the golden rule of ecosystems: If one species is removed, another species will take over. So if the gulls & the geese are gone, there will be more resources available for whatever species moves in to occupy their niche. And that species may be even more problematic."
"- Kylie"
"White plastic desk organizer either given to me from my Mother or picked up at a garage sale for less than 1$"
"and focus on your breath."
"For theHyderabadleg too we would like to invite you to come forward and be a part of the cycling revolution brewing inIndia. To be a part of India Cyclothon –Hyderabad 2010, get in touch with us at indiacyclothon@gmail.com"
"The speakers and sponsors dinner."
"First I had a bug with some powerups not doing what they were supposed to do, but now they do. Then bugs with ball physics depending on the brick location and so many weird things more."
"consciece without awareness"
"Cornell always does interesting things with the Brigadier. We get to see how much he admires the Doctor as an embodiment of English virtue. Perhaps in tribute to Barry Letts, Cornell reveals that the Brigadier is a Buddhist. The Brigadier believes that the Doctor is a Bodhivista, one who has gained enlightenment, but who remains in this world to help others. This is a fascinating spin on the Doctor Who mythos."
"However, I hope you are in heaven and got the seventy-two virgins? Hope they are all girls. Enjoy! Psykes! You fking hypocrite, hope you rotten in hell forever. Hey by the way can you blow up the hell for me?"
"Today is Sunday, 29 January, 2012, and we are off to the `Hunterian Museum at the University of Glasgow to look at the Roman slabs. I did an earlier post on the Hunterian: not terribly comprehensive. See"
"Said \"Have you read Ken Bruen's Jack Taylor series?\""
"What a fabulous redesign! It's just perfect.How can you now have a great time out there, what with fielding inane questions from the kids?"
"Christmas Yule Log ... GMC ... 12 AM - 6 AM"
"You can't see it in this long shot, but the candelabrum on the round table is the one that is held by a human hand. There is"
"Which Kmart Trees?"
"Another important thing to consider is the intended paradigm and structure. We have a tendency to apply these kinds of principles with an hierarchal mindset. The gift of teaching, along with the other gifts, was given by God to help equip others, and it was meant for a Kingdom of Heaven cultural context. In other words, the relationships are modeled after a loving family, not a boss and employers. It is supposed to be enabling and releasing, not managing or using. Jesus addressed this when He told His disciples, “You know that the rulers of the Gentiles lord it over them, and those who are great exercise authority over them. Yet it shall not be so among you; but whoever desires to be great among you, let him be your servant.” Paul further illustrated this in 1 Thessalonians 2:6-8 by saying, “Nor did we seek glory from men, either from you or from others, when we might have made demands as apostles of Christ. But, we were gentle among you, just as a nursing mother cherishes her own children. So affectionately longing for you, we were well pleased to impart to you not only the gospel of God, but also our own lives, because you had become dear to us.”"
"Birgitte I can see where this is going"
"Yauch, who performed as MCA, had been in treatment for cancer since 2009 after discovering a tumor in his parotid gland."
"Ever wondered why they were there?"
"My daughter (Maria) and I went to our local pumpkin patch today with some friends. It's just starting out so it has some issues but all in all it was a lot of fun."
"The internal fitting of the building will take place over the coming weeks."
"But I still want to keep my paddle."
"Welcome to the 12 Days of Christmas Blog Hop Day 3.This hop will take place December 12th through December 23rd and will be full of wonderful ideas and inspiration to get you well on your way of creating all of those beautiful Christmas project. This is an awesome way to get a lot of your Christmas cards, and scrapbook layouts finished, home decorations completed and maybe even be inspired to create something using a new technique that you have never tried. There will be a new project posted each and every day by all the wonderful amazing ladies in this hop. Also each day we will have a guest designer for you to visit. I will be giving away some wonderful blog candy each day of the hop from our amazing sponsors that we have for this hop. I will be posting all the winners from this hop on December 24th. Every one has a chance to win including the ladies participating in the hop and even the guest designers and the sponsors. At the end of each post I will have a list of all the sponsors who are sponsoring this hop all you need to do is click on their name to go to their sites and check out all the wonderful sites. I want to thank each and everyone of the sponsors for their generosity. It has been greatly appreciated."
"As I said earlier, there are a number of problems with this story. Firstly, there's that old chestnut about the fish 'jumping' into the urethra. Research and experimentation with various species of candiru, most notably by the American marine biologist Stephen Spotte, has shown that they simply cannot jump in this fashion. Even if they could, they'd be defeated by simple fluid dynamics; the maximum swimming velocity of the fish is insufficient to oppose the downward velocity of the urine stream, and a fish that size maintaining position and thrust within a 2–7 mm wide column of fluid is simply impossible."
"Since 1991 Somalia has increased exports of acacia charcoal to Kenya and the Gulf states. Areas of charcoal production include the region south of Kismayo, parts of Bay and Middle Shabelle, and several areas in ‘Somaliland’ and ‘Puntland’. This charcoal trade has created a serious environmental problem, as widespread tree-cutting threatens fragile pastoral lands."
"I'm pretty stoked about this guest post...and I'm pretty sure that y'all will be too (c:"
"I love myself fully in every moment. In the good times and in the bad. I know that through self-love and self-care I am empowering myself to be free to fully take charge of my POWER and to live my L.I.F.E."
"Now, I'm going to have to buy another one to replace it in my bedroom. I miss it already!"
"This fasting and abstaining business is really harder than it seems, especially if you're giving up things that make you feel good inside. After all, Jesus gave up his life for the salvation of mankind, right? What can a bottle (or 200) of soda do to me but give me better health and more resources to share with less-fortunate brothers and sisters."
"and i really got the feeling i don't have enough in stock..."
"Dry Dock Brewing Co. Urca Vanilla Porter"
"By Kathleen Gilbert"
"-1/4 cup chopped or sliced or slivered almonds"
"Sure enough, as the day went on, I didn’t even notice one person who looked at my legs or said something about them. I specifically wore shorts to highlight that they were shaved, too. It took a surprisingly long time to shave them, but I suppose if you’ve never done it before and it’s long that it won’t take a short while. At the end of the day I took pictures and posted them on my Facebook account to see many of my girlfriends comment approvingly. No guys really commented, which sort of surprised me. I half-expected some sort of homophobic statement from at least one guy and didn’t get it. Perhaps they didn’t notice the photo album."
"Every week one of our gang members name is drawn from a hat by either I or Patty and they get to pick the weekly photo theme. No rules, no big critiques......we just want to see your town through your eyes. We have quite a few countries represented.....Brasil, Japan, the Philippines, Canada, China, Auckland, Australia and loads of states in the U.S."
"Myth #5: I don’t want the stigma of being a self-published author. I see this statement frequently on blogs and on the internet. Although I don’t begrudge any author that chooses to publish the traditional way, there are things that make self-publishing much more attractive for me. I don’t have an agent or a publicist representing me, absolutely every reader that contacts me, gets a response, from me. I feel connected to the friends I’ve made that enjoy my books and they are an exceptional source of motivation on the days when I’d rather park myself in front of the television. I have full control over my books, I can change covers, I can change text, I can even give a whole bunch of them away and no one can stop me"
"On a different note, it was actually really nice yesterday so we went to the park along the river by our house. As we were peacefully sitting on the bench along the bank, we heard this loud air spout type noise. A good sized seal had someone managed to get up the river and was swimming along by where we were! There was a row boat with 2 people paddling slowly behind the seal which almost made us think that it was 'pushing' the poor thing further up the river. The seal's breathing when it would surface was really loud, making me think that it was tired as there was no bank for it to get up on for rest."
"On a battlefield where combatants had their faces covered, shields could be used as an identifying device, hence the practice of painting them with a knight’s coat of arms. Of course, they don’t necessarily have to sport such a crest. They might simply be designed in such a way as to strike fear into their opponents – worked with a snarling face, for instance, or constructed of human bones."
"But perhaps I ask too much. What has also been made abundantly clear again earlier this week is that the entire Pakatan Rakyat coalition filled up their candidacy roster in the last general election with whatever they could muster — quality … and in certain cases, ability and decency, be darned."
"Have you ever had a \"big birthday\" that was a flop, whether no one remembered or you were sick or there was something that went wrong? Or are you one of the lucky ones whose birthdays truly are the most special days possible?"
"Children at risk"
"I love you Carter!"
"“When they write my obituary. Tomorrow. Or the next day. It will say, Leo Gursky is survived by an apartment full of shit”"
"Alan King (Barbury Castle, Wiltshire)"
"For we are the people of England, that never have spoken yet."
"And let me just say that when you are exploring the contents of a trash bag and if you happen to come upon a lot of discarded red velvet cake batter in a hasty manner, your kitchen is poised to look like an episode of Dexter doing what he does best."
"POWERED by the wind, Sea Breeze, New York"
"Shaun Donovan, secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, said that the Federal Housing Administration is going to permit its lenders to allow homeowners to use the $8,000 tax credit as a down payment in his speech at the National Association of Realtors Real Estate Summit on May 12, 2009."
"Caller: \"Who am I speaking with?\""
"Write three letters as you read the novel. One as Tristan (to Celia, perhaps?) as Robard (to his mother?) and Maryam (to a sister or cousin at home?) about what they have seen and discovered."
"Florence is a bit of an evangelist of science and rationality but she hates her victories against the supernatural because Florence lost her fiancé in the war and each time she finds a logical explanation or con trick to explain away any mysteries she comes across it confirms her belief and fear that death is really the end and that this is all there is."
"interesting choices. You can find beers from respected breweries like"
"Please see the buyer reviews & ratings of Safavieh SOH514A Soho Collection 2-Feet 6-Inch By 10-Feet Handmade New Zealand Wool Area Runner, Beige and Ivory at the merchant’s site by visit the link below."
"Daughter, dear, you’re an odd one sometimes, but that’s why we love you. 17 months and counting…keep surprising me!"
"Kraft Patterned Paper - My Mind's Eye"
"Carol had scouted out a loop trail for us to ride, but it was along some fairly major roads and significant parts of the ride would not have been in bike lanes. So we tried to find a local park and just use it as a base to explore neighborhoods. We checked out three parks but none of the areas looked real appealing, so Santa Maria was a bust and we came back to Pismo Beach."
"Dot Matrix Oom Jan Matrix's wife"
"For kachinas to be used in a children's book in this way is, in a word, shameful. Their use in this book is evidence that we have a long way to go in helping mainstream America understand who we are."
"Anyway, here is another photo of Casa Loma that really caught my eye when I was reviewing my photos of our visit. To me there is a bit of a keystoning perspective problem in this photo as well, but I actually like the effect and left it as is. I love everything about this photo – the colours, the textures, the lines, the patterns, the perspective, and the details."
"When my business failed, you were there."
"Of course, there are many liberal blogs with substantial blogrolls. Shakespeare's Sister and MyLeft Wing, for example, have very extensive blogrolls. Mike Finn at Crooks & Liars often links to smaller sites. I am sure there are many others. And there are many that have even seen fit to include a reasonable conservative like myself among their ranks. But I think the blogosphere would be better served if everyone's blogrolls were bigger and more inclusive. Bloggers often complain of the elitism of the mainstream press so it seems odd that so many blogrolls should be cordoned off with velvet ropes."
"Blush from Stampin Up"
"Overall, I liked the movie: it's hard for me to find fault with something so pretty, and most of it felt genuine. However, I can't shake the sitcom-y aura that pervaded some of the scenes. That, combined with the above faults, made me wonder if this movie would have ever been greenlit without the girl-meets-girl storyline. Interestingly enough, I read on IMDb that the script was originally written as a heterosexual love story. Yeah, that doesn't surprise me at all."
"Swamp sharks are a species of shark that has adapted to the brackish and freshwater conditions found in coastal marshes. Their adaptations allow them to venture further into the headwaters of coastal rivers and bayous and many have begun to use these areas as nurseries for the pups. Full grown swamp sharks range in 8 to 11 feet in length and can weigh up to 700 lbs. Skin tones are brownish-gray to dark green, giving them natural camouflage in the muddy waters of the swamp. Swamp sharks are usually solitary predators (85%) but are occasionally encountered in pairs (15% chance). They attack by rushing their prey from concealment, biting their victim to shear off flesh, and then move past their prey to devour the mouthful of meat. They turn and make another pass two or three rounds later."
"I will be the first to admit that I loved reading the VA series from Rose's perspective, but with BLOODLINES being told from Sydney Sage's point of view it was pretty refreshing. Yes she isn't as tough as Rose but as the story progresses we see how she begins to become her own person. At the end of VA Sydney was in trouble with the Alchemists for helping Rose escape so we see how she still treads lightly around them but will do anything to get back in their good graces."
"This girl tormented the hell out of me nearly every day for the better part of the fifth grade. During the lunch hour she’d seek me out just to hassle me, and after school I had the misfortune of sharing a travel route home with her, so she always had plenty of opportunity to poke, push, punch, pinch, trip, tease and generally torture me."
"Ellen: There were many! I was a big reader of fantasy when I was a tween and young adult, and I still read the genre as much as I can. Naturally, when Abisina’s story started to spin out in my head, it was a fantasy. I love monsters and creatures and magic and mythology. I have a lot of fun playing around with the possibilities that such otherworldly ideas present."
"Ah, I was talking about myself. What else?"
"This may seem a bit extreme, but every person’s energy affects every other person’s energy. What if you suddenly weren’t here? Your absence would create a hole in the energy field which would be felt by people who don’t even know you. Recall, in the paragraph above how your actions set off a chain reaction affecting a waitress you never even met. We all have worth and value beyond what we can see or feel. So when you start to have doubts about your worth, have faith. Faith is not belief without prove, its trust without reservation."
"...and the sun will rise again tomorrow."
"So, I am officially a Mother."
"Note: Please don’t forget to add to your budget extra costs such as travel (flights, hotels, rental-cars etc. and race-gear), additional testing, other race-events you might want to add to our race-program."
"Creating the snowflake wreath: Stamp the largest snowflake four times. Top, bottom, left/right side in the lighest blue ink. Take the medium size snowflake and stamp in the middle spaces of the large snowflakes using the medium ink. Small snowflake stamp in the spaces between the medium and large snowflakes in the darkest blue. Stamp the small snowflake on space white paper and cut out and pop on all the small snowflakes on the wreath. Add glitter/gems for a bling winter look."
"Q. You say you only monitor 500 or so sites, why not 100,000?I was wondering, does this kind of appointed agency on behalf of the copyright owners legally work in the UK/EU as well?"
"We move on, hiking through lush valleys, crossing raging torrents on dodgy bridges and traversing knife-edge ridges. In tiny hamlets, we trade cigarettes for bananas and avocados to augment a diet of rice and tinned fish, shaking hands with women whose fingers have been hacked off with stone axes to placate the ghosts of the departed."
"It would seem that somewhere along the way, the great day-by-day “Freedom” videography of the T-ara/Mystery7 Cisalpine tour plan got derailed. Besides some scattered selcas, we never saw Switzerland at all (and wasn’t Austria on the itinerary too?). What happened? Did Eunjung’s stolen purse mean there wasn’t money to upload footage? We did at least get Eunjung’s snow goddess selca from Switzerland, and now this gorgeousness from Hyomin:"
"My life on WordPress.Com"
"A big reason for it is that cherry blossoms are transient, as it is often said."
"Saw Palmetto has long been considered an alternative treatment for men with enlarged prostates, but its actual effectiveness is still being studied. Other natural supplements that have been linked to reducing prostate symptoms include vitamin d, vitamin e, zinc, fish oil, quercetin, rye grass pollen, stinging nettle root, and green tea extract."
"Inviting"
"Website maintenance, on the other hand, is not natural for me. :) It's this big beast looming on the horizon, something I don't quite understand, am never quite up to date with for my high standards. It's especially challenging to learn how to manage a new platform, which is what's happening with the new version of my jewelry site. In order to put up content you need to have finished pieces, then have good photos, then resize the photos for the web, write copy, create the component pages for a category or gallery, arrange everything in the back end of the site, then press publish and hope for no broken links or mistakes."
"I hope the officials for Saturday’s game are better. They could not be worse."
"Abbie, the daughter of the sunflowers, and the baby of the family shared a passage that touched me when I read it years ago…and it still touches me. I have walked in her shoes although I was closer to “back home” and had the ability to get “back home” in 8 hours driving and two hours flying. Clementine did not."
"There are different types of electronic paper shredders available in the market. The variety is so overwhelming that it literally leaves the buyer confused for some time. However the really decisive factor is the budget allocated for the shredder."
"Who is Joseph Smith?"
"I still tink when it comes to lace, but now I see my mistakes much faster."
"We made hats for our door:"
"This week’s Top Mouse awards go to:"
"The event is being put together by Black Isle Brewery and they've created an intriguing concept that sees the cream of Scottish brewing putting 'their own innovative twist and signature flavours on their favourite German beer styles'."
"But the opposition to this project hopes if they say something enough times, people will believe it."
"Now that school is out we are super busy around here...we spent the weekend in a small town right"
"Doing Mr. Rochester (Jane Eyre) is an erotic title seeped in sexy content."
"The McManus Club had questioned whether these large luxury high rises—particularly Manhattan Plaza would be able to attract tenants in these locations. However, to protect the rest of Hell’s Kitchen from wholesale development of the type that had wiped out lower middle class neighborhoods on the East Side of Manhattan, the representatives of the community acting through the Clinton Planning Council (on which McManus Club representatives were significantly in evidence) sought to have the City enact a Clinton Special District in which no building of more than seven stories could be built. 7 Deputy Mayor John Zucotti agreed, once he could assure the Mayor that McManus supported the plan."
"That's all for now, I will try to sit down and write Part 3 to my time capsule posts tonight."
"The substantive change to the agreement is negligible. The major change has been to bury key details in less direct language and disperse that key information piecemeal across more clauses. This may make key details less obvious to inexperienced authors until they have accepted the agreement but doesn't address the problems. Will Dymocks heed the continuing criticism and make real changes? Steve Rossiter reports that Michael Allara of D Publishing has promised to release another amended contract in the coming days. Until then, I think that authors would be wise to avoid D Publishing."
"and through."
"each voice cried."
"Beltaine is one of the eight cycles of the wheel that is honoured in Feminine Mysticism. Beltaine dates back to paganistic times but is not confined to paganistic practices. In Feminine Mysticism we seek out the Divine in all that we do, both internally and externally, the ceremony and ritual that is sacred to the eight cycles of the wheel are physical enactments of Divine occurrences. The ceremony and ritual that are held during this time of Beltaine are wrought with metaphorical portrayals of the Divine’s ability to influence us in our human experience while we are here on Earth. In times past on the eve of Beltaine a great community fire was lit, all other fires in the house were extinguished and one great fire rose up in majesty, proclaiming to all that the fire of the Sun was truly returned and here to stay. This one great light proclaimed that fire would warm the hearth, light the fires in the wombs of wombyn looking to conceive, light the ambitious path of the adventurers and offer protection and power to the children of the community. We know today that the fire is a symbol of the Creators warmth, protection, guidance and life-giving gifts, the actual building of and lighting of the fire is the physical representation of those qualities. To be able to embody our worship and reverence while in a human form offers a sense of intimate connection to our Creator, our ancestors knew this and found as many opportunities to engage in this type of worship as they could. As we look around us at the life that is in full bloom, ripe, fragrant, delicate and enchanting we begin to tap into the energy that surrounds us during this season. Beltaine is the peak of fertility and life abundant. In days of old the men and wombyn would make love in the fields, using their bodies as vessels for the Divine Masculine to merge with the Divine Feminine, in this merging of two into one they believed they were aiding the Earth in her ability to bear fruit and crops as well as increase their own personal chances for fertility. To practice Beltaine rituals from a Mystical perspective we simply tweak our intent, we do not seek to influence the Earth who has a wisdom of her own, we trust that the Divine already IS and instead intend to tap into and experience the abundance of this fertile, abundant energy, perhaps through two bodied merging and perhaps not. On this day there are many forms of experiencing the merging of Feminine and Masculine, both internally and externally."
"I never hear this perspective from anyone else. This week, someone suggested to me that I make out the check to the “Infernal Revenue Service.” I read where one disgruntled taxpayer enclosed her dead husband’s ashes with her return, attaching a note that said, “You’ve taken everything else, you might as well take this, too.”"
"Dear Heavenly Father! You have made me a partaker of the Abrahamic blessings through Our Lord Jesus Christ. I present my tithes to You as a token of my covenant relationship with You and the connection to the Abrahamic blessings. Therefore, the devourer is rebuked from my finances, every form of sickness is destroyed and failure is completely removed from my life, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!"
"It just makes me smile."
"“Gives me 28.00 an hour for custom modification work”"
"Even though you have more on your plate as a manager, you can slice some of those extra hours in half by adopting time-saving strategies. Here are a few ideas to tailor time management approaches to your work style:"
"Adler SP. Cytomegalovirus and pregnancy. Curr Opin Obstet Gynecol 1992; 4: 670-675."
"you placed us in paradise."
"From Engagements to Showers, Anniversaries to Sweet 16, Fundraisers to Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, they can assit you with all facets of your event to make every party at Aria an occasion to remember. Check out their website www.ariabanquets.com"
"Sony is yet to confirm the existence of the PS4 games console, but it exists out there somewhere – you can be sure of that."
"In the continuation of our series, I want to guide you on honing in on your homes architectural elements and what plants and garden style will be compatible. Let's keep it easy and examine the same six plants for each. Our styles will be \"Cottage/informal\", Semi-formal, and Formal"
"Of course, one must try the authentic paellas here in España. We tried some when we sat and dined in Plaza Mayor, while watching the crowds in chilly weather. But the best was introduced to us by our foodie friends who brought us to this hole in the wall somewhere in Tres Peces, 20 near the Anton Martin metro station. It is called Ventorillo Murciano."
"Bailey used a Taser until Carter fell to the ground. Carter’s suit said the officers did not tell him he was under arrest or give him instructions as they used force on him."
"Level 10: MP Cost: 28, Duration: 120 seconds, Defense: +50%, Abnormal Status Resistance: +30%, Elemental Resistance: +30%."
"Wonderful Deets Nat!"
"I scream"
"Today I just wanted to give a quick shout out to a book that is now released and in a store near you....."
"That was a different time"
"But with a conservative titular head of the party? Not as much money."
"Today we added a knitted snowman to our advent tree. Cain usually does this but this morning he let ?Heather do it as she feels so unwell and is very whiny right now. She is all bunged up, has a nasty cough which kept both of us awake all night, and has been complaining of earache too. Hoping that being poorly right now means that she will feel better in a day or two and not suffer through Christmas."
"Hearing this, Junsu put on gloomy face."
"i used to say things like, \"Future generations will be shocked at what was legal and government funded in our day...\" Thinking that the day that abortion was no longer acceptable to the general public was far, far in the future..."
"Now for the good stuff, BLOG CANDY. I'm offering up a SURPRISE grab bag that's sure to help in your scrapbooking endeavors!! To be eligible, please leave a comment on all 50 states to everyone know you've been there and if you like what you see on my blog, please become a follower! The winner will be picked randomly on Sunday, Sept 18th and announced on my blog."
"...and you know what...."
"I covere the box and mini with fabric that I got from my moms stash I just thought it was so pretty. Hope you like my project, so glad you stopped by."
"Ultravox Dancing with tears in my eyes UK"
"Oh my divine, my lotus flower"
"And then the next week I spent all night wide awake in the same panic I did back in November, only this time staring at the phone for hours after your court time waiting to see if it was your number that rang or a random number I had never seen."
"Who know's...maybe if I hit 50 followers I'll randomly pick a follower to receive a special prize!"
"Link your readers and listeners to this article instead, as it contains critical information not in the audio version that shouldn’t be lost."
"- Basic Beauty by Limoni - I-don't-remember-the-number-right-now: another (almost) dupe of a Zoya one, I think it's pretty close to Zoya - Rica. What do you think about it?"
"This \"frisbee\" was his absolute most favorite toy -- a soft, round, colorful, donut-shaped toy that had 4 squeakers in it -- one squeaker for each color. He'd had it since he was a puppy and, over the years, the squeakers would stop working and I'd have to replace them. Early on, I had bought a bag of replacement squeakers so, when needed, I'd perform surgery on the toy to replace the broken parts just so I could keep his favorite toy in working order -- talk about a dedicated mom."
"Frugal Dad.com is an extremely useful website. It has a blog style article section that shares many useful information posts, such as 'how to save on the cost of your summer vacation', or information about emergency dentists. The articles are very factual and informative. They can be followed on:"
"Now, here I am in Berlin. I don’t speak German, I don’t have a job or a place to live in a couple weeks (that’s a whole other story). I have met a couple of friends and am fortunate to have some family here; my brother, his wife and my four-month old nephew."
"I've recently happened upon some advice that self-publishers need to stop blogging about self-publishing, and instead have an author's blog. Guilty as charged. But not for long. Check out my new blog at www.harmonylit.wordpress.com. Plans for this blog include weekly short story fiction posts featuring characters from the Akasha Series, sample reads, guest author posts, resources for readers and of course plenty of polls, contests and giveaways."
"The deal is, you purchase the chocolates at a heavily discounted (set) price and then you get to keep the profits from every box. For example, there are 24 blocks of chocolate in a Dairy Milk Box. They are $2.50 to sell, however you pay Cadbury $1.25 per block. Therefore, at the end of the day, you get $30, and they get $30. Do as I have done and sell 40 of these, and there is $1200 in the bank."
"Biotin/Vitamin H/Vitamin B Factor – In every living cell and in larger amounts in milk and yeast. Used as a texturizer in cosmetics, shampoos, and creams. Alternatives: plant sources."
"It took me a few more decades to get it – but those kids actually had the right idea. So many times in life when we fall down on our race to the finish, we stumble up and stagger along, dragging our now fallen veneer – our potato sack – along with us. We get bumps, scratches and bruises – sometimes we even trip others up along the way. Our failure to fully recover from our falls often causes us to ultimately lose the race. If only we could be more like those kids. They fall, and in that process they recognize what made them fall and learn from it. They shed the potato sack, go back and start again with a fresh outlook and from a new position. They still have the finish line in sight, but they know they don’t need to be the first to get there. They will get there in time, once they get it right."
"Yet it is not even the iPhone but another product – the iPad that caused a real revolution. Tablets were thought to be made for professionals architects or designers but apple managed to convince everyone that it is essential for them. It is common opinion that iPad is basically 4 iPhones joined together. Whether it is true or not, global market consists in 75% from the iPads and every new generation is long awaited."
"__Since its foundation the Museum of Historical Treasures of Ukraine has been carrying out scientific completing of its funds. If at the opening of the museum for visitors there were over 14 thousand archaeological units and objects of applied and decorative arts, at present its general fund numbers 55 thousand museum pieces made of precious metals and precious stones. The Museum collections of historical valuables of Ukraine are the original chronicle of our history and culture from the Bronze Age to the contemporaneity, engraved on a precious metal."
"“His name is daddy duh.” Emily laughed, swinging her feet harder under the table and kicking it a little. Taking a sip from her chocolate milk, Emily held the glass high in the air, some of it dripping from the sides of her mouth when she pulled it away."
"I'm old school. I could survive with a NES. I bought a DS endure year, and it's in actuality neat. I aswell adore the Wii a lot. I wouldn't say I play abounding amateur on Sony systems, and I anticipate Xboxes are the devil."
"M: Sometimes I notice a competition between new currents that allow more ample movements, where the dancers use more space, and those who defend traditional tango with a closed embrace."
"It can be helpful first to acknowledge that it is not “unfeeling matter” but a living being that has given us life. And then we can sense its suffering: the physical suffering we see in the dying species and polluted waters, the deeper suffering of our collective disregard for its sacred nature. Would we like to be treated just as a physical object to be used and abused? Would we like our sacred nature, our soul, to be denied?"
"If you are one of the millions of viewers who regularly tune into ABC’s Modern Family each week, you’ve probably fallen in love with the characters Mitchell Pritchett, Phil Dunphy and Cameron Tucker, played by Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Ty Burrell and Eric Stonestreet, respectively. The actors will take the Winspear stage to discuss their hit show, which is centered on the lives of three unconventional families. In addition, Steve Levitan will share his insight as co-creator and executive producer of the show."
"D has been so supportive. She has been very encouraging of my runs, even though there are times when I can hear her mental thoughts saying “really you are going to run again? I wish you would do the dishes instead.” But she doesn’t say this. She helps me find time to get a run in, even if its only for a mile around the block. Yesterday I took the kids for a bike ride and gave D some alone time. When I got back we played outside and this was the first time I ran around the block. After we came in for the night I looked at my bike ride and run on Endomondo. She laughed and said “My wife the triatlete” LOL NO NO NO – I quickly responded. Your wife can’t swim so that will never happen. I can walk, run, or bike but cannot swim. I am so blessed that I have such a great wife."
"a) Thank and link back to the person who awarded you this award."
"As Mike noted above, we occasionally throw together a beer suicide with the leftovers of the beers we've reviewed at a roundtable. And wouldn't you know it, we ended up with a little bit of each Jewbelation left in each bottle. So we poured the leftovers into a single glass to build our own version of Vertical Jewbelation. Our apologies to Shmaltz, but we couldn't resist."
"The John Wilkes Booth storyline was originally cut from the movie. Theater audiences didn’t see the scenes filmed at The Hope Center. The film was recently re-released as an extended director’s cut on Blu-ray. This extended cut features the scene filmed at The Hope Center. You can pick up the Blu-ray version at stores that sell Blu-ray dvd’s as well as Amazon and other online retailers."
"This mama's words about Peter broke my heart."
"walking high as I pass by."
"June 23 Toronto, ON Rogers Centre"
"The latter shows the complete upsetting of someone’s apparently secure equilibrium – it’s a snapshot of that moment, just after you’ve fallen over (come on, we’ve all done it at some time or other), when you attempt to make out as though nothing at all has happened, when your face does that funny, contorted smile thing as you try to express absolute nonchalance: ‘What? Oh, that?… I meant to do that’. Your eyes betray you; your eyes say, ‘WTF just happened?!’"
"Fuck that, we should trust our politicians to do what's best for the country all the time and that is why it's a fallacy that being a member of the EU is anything but undemocractic and disastrous for this country."
"nothing from death\" -"
"1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce"
"Finishing the night off with cocktails from a brand that, I have to admit, I’ve never really given much time for, was a fantastic end. A bottle of Stolichnaya Apple sits proudly on my shelf with Secret Orchards being sipped away on these long Winter nights!"
"I've included a scan of the inner sleeve. It includes details of the personnel , producers, dates etc, but more interestingly Dave's notes on each song featured. (In English): http://d01.megashares.com/dl/K2hT9gx/datblygu notes.rar"
"1. I heard on the radio a few months ago that the Beatles were not the first British group to have a #1 hit in the United States; it was this group with this one-hit wonder."
"So to work, to work!"
"Following prominent civil rights campaigns in the United States, South Africa and Northern Ireland, it seems we live in a society in which minority groups are continuously claiming to be persecuted. Just like individuals who claim to have suffered as the result of the negligent/malicious actions of a third party, I believe these minorities are also seeking compensation of some sort, too - if not a tangible reward then special treatment."
"So if you see him, love on him a little ;). Who are they to decide what is cool anyway????"
"My dear friend Emily gave me this as a birthday present today, and it couldn't be more spot on. Thank you Emily, I appreciate your love & friendship more than you could ever imagine; you always seem to know just how to meet me where I am in my faith at any given moment!"
"We will cut down on late night dinners and CARBS"
"I really don’t know;"
"At 13 months, Livi is still breastfeeding quite frequently, which does not surprise me. Until only a few weeks ago, she still wanted to nurse every two hours."
"Wrap up your finished pastry and place in the freezer for at least 8 hours or overnight."
"daughters for their family “honor”; of Muslims rioting over some slight"
"*Order from the lunch menu not only will you save money but also calories since lunch portions are typically smaller."
"I was, I’ll admit, depressed by this. Plus frustrated in an all too familiar way. And feeling trapped."
"Walking down one of the main streets in Amsterdam, I saw P leaning against his bicycle. It was a bit of a strange encounter, because I actually wanted to photograph the guy he was talking to at first, but as soon as I asked him if I could take a few shots he peddaled off down the street for some reason."
"~Marshall McLuhan"
"Tribes: Ascend has been updated with new features “You may view available and earned badges, as well as accolades and general stats, through the Profile menu”, maps “Team Deathmatch map has been added (Outskirts)” and perks “Two new perks have been added”. The game is in open beta which means anyone can now play and try out the game for free."
"Genres : Action, Comedy"
"Then, on day 8, I did a new set of benchmarks. I was blown away. Everything – and I mean everything – had improved at least 100%. Some things were performing 3 or 4 times better than they had before. Not only did World of Warcraft run now, it ran at a blistering 60 frames per second."
"Don’t be confused on this score for a moment longer."
"You’re sacred to me as I enjoy your kiss."
"“I challenge all comers at everything,” he boomed. Frost and ice appeared where he stood, and he looked so huge and frightening that no-one dared to accept his challenge—except Snow Woman. Friij looked her up and down and spat."
"No matter how many times I’d move, my thoughts always found me questioning everything I had listened to during the day. Nothing went filtered without a doubt or at least one-hundred different possibilities of what the expression could have meant. I took up hermeneutics, became a scholar of old religious texts for a while, and interpreted them through the lenses of what I thought other religions would say about them. That is, until one morning, when I could have sworn the sun was laughing at me and singled me out by creating a spotlight around my hammock on the beach in Cartagena that the mailman walked up to me in his tire-soled sandals and handed me a postcard. On the cover was a drawing of ALF. The back read as follows:"
"Then Jesus said to his disciples, “If any of you wants to be my follower, you must turn from your selfish ways, take up your cross, and follow me. If you try to hang on to your life, you will lose it. But if you give up your life for my sake, you will save it. And what do you benefit if you gain the whole world but lose your own soul?Is anything worth more than your soul?”"
"Which brings me to the latest addition to the family, a very naughty, hyperactive but extremely cute new member of the clan. Doesn't listen to anything I say, has a habit of chasing joggers round the park and steals shoes, newspapers and any food within reach.............what have we done??"
"PAXMAN: PASTY!?"
"They say it's your birthday.....doot n doot n doo doot......... it's my birthday too!"
"Of course I knew that the good dry hot summer couldn't last for too long and that eventually the rain would return, but I had hoped that we could have both hot summer days and enough rain, just enough mind, that everything could stay green, lush and sort of tropical - as much as London can ever look tropical, but you know what I mean."
"Nowhere in these definitions does it say respect is only for your elders. It doesn't say you need to be a certain age, grade level, or have a certain level of experience. One doesn't need to be an adult to deserve this treatment. As a matter of fact, there have been many adults I have met who deserve less respect than the children I know. And as adults, we are the ones who are supposed to know how to show respect. How can children learn it if they are not seeing it being used?"
"Let me introduce you to the Filarial Worm (Wuchereria bancrofti). These worms are tiny, round, thread-like parasites that travel from human to human via the mosquito, the buzzing, flitting insect angel of death and pestilence."
"To 200 posts! To Ingrid Michaelson! To gangsta rap and the thug life!"
"He has memorized most if not all of the Bible and has a PhD in counseling and theology. He's very humble and I just enjoy hearing his view on things. Well, last night he was getting questions such as, \"What if you feel like you have made a wrong decision, what should you do?\" He answered that, \"Pull the plug, if something is not working, try another avenue.\" Then later when someone was asking about feeling they can't go on with things, he was talking about never giving up. Life is such a constant decision of what to do and what not to do. I know this isn't very profound or anything, but lately I have been thinking about my posts not being very interesting at all. I love blogging, but I read some of the most clever posts on my friend's blogs and I can't help but think, \"Trish, you have what sounds like a very mundane life.\""
"You may trod me in the very dirt"
"And did I mention that the session is free?"
"I left the computer and Middle Son, and headed for the kettle. Which I put on. Very Loudly and with lots of Crashing."
"Doors Open Denver welcomes you into Denver’s most notable buildings. This FREE annual event provides the public a free all-access pass to experience Denver’s architecture and design at its best while exploring our most distinctive buildings. Our theme for 2012 was “Denver Landmarks” and will feature some of the greatest memories of Denver embedded in all of these sites."
"This is the third and last drawing in this trilogy."
"This is all further proof of how bored Americans have become with outer space. After centuries of fantasizing about advanced civilizations with sexy multi-boobed aliens and living on Mars, we boldly went where no man has gone before and turned up … rocks and gases. As a result, this summer NASA put the Space Shuttle out of its misery and Hollywood hasn't considered putting a new \"Star Trek\" series on the tube in years."
"You might not actually. Some days, there’s very little to like. Often women have given up a prestigious career to pursue motherhood, and they are now at the beck and call 24/7 of someone who doesn’t always know what they want. Their days are usually made up of endless cooking, cleaning and washing. There’re dirty nappies to change, vomit to clean up, and food splatters to wipe down. You have to do it day after day and nobody seems especially grateful. To top it all off, people often talk to you like you lost half your brain in child birth and society does not seem to value your role. If you don’t like the role of motherhood, I don’t blame you. That doesn’t mean you don’t love your kids. To maintain your sanity, though, I suggest you stop trying to be a good mother and continue as you are. Like the rest of us, you’re probably doing a better job than you think."
"We have less than one year remaining with Saturn in the sign of its exaltation, Libra. Saturn can get things done in the sign of its exaltation. It can make progress that sustains over the course of time, as long as we don't waste time. Wasting time is a distinct possibility with Saturn in Libra as the Saturnine proceedings in this sign often have a less arduous weight about them and a more social, less serious tone."
"‘That’s right. Up there.’ Petro paused again, expectantly."
"So, take this post with a grain of salt. These are only my opinions, after all. And you know what they say about opinions – “only mine is ever right.” Wait, isn’t that what they say?"
"and I ache"
"His last utterance was a joke. As his nurse was assisting him in his sickbed, he said “I’d rather be skiing than doing this. The nurse said, “Do you ski, Mr. Laurel?” and he said, “No, I but I’d rather be doing that than this.” He passed away in 1965."
"I'll write a post about the particulars at some point, but just not today."
"According to web traffic site Alexa.com, the traffic of TR Emeritus has more than doubled in the last one week since it made headlines after news of being served a lawyer’s letter by PM Lee were splashed across the Singapore papers."
"Whilst I have noticed them in the past few years, I hadn’t researched into them with great depth until the announcement of this fleet expansion, as they are establishing themselves as a major international player. Taking a look at their products, I have to say I’m impressed. It’s no wonder they are constantly winning awards and have been awarded a 4-star rating by SkyTrax."
"\"This Much \" is an apt name , then, for a new campaign aimed at educating Australians about the risk of childhood drowning. About being vigilant not just when at the pool or beach, but when our kids are in the bath or playing with a bucket under the backyard hose. Being able to hear them is not quite good enough - we need to be watching them too."
"There was a problem with that, as in the fact that I didn’t need glasses. My eyes were a perfect 20/20. I had no idea what the hell that meant, but obviously it was a gauge for the clear bright eyes and the blind as a bat people, like my younger sister. She wore coke bottle glasses. She also had a lazy eye. She was screwed. We all could tell when she was getting tired, because that one eye would start drifting over to the middle. Well, it drifted that way anyways. Hey, little sister, you’re veering to the left."
"5) O Women, Where Art Thou? Certainly, something like a feminist intersectional analysis is rarely performed in the boardrooms and cafes of the Los Angeles film industry."
"“The Qur’aan will meet its companion on the Day of Resurrection when his grave is opened for him, in the form of a pale man. It will say to him, ‘Do you recognize me?’ He will say: ‘I do not recognize you.’ It will say: ‘I am your companion the Qur’aan, who kept you thirsty on hot days and kept you awake at night. Every merchant benefits from his business and today you will benefit from your good deeds.’ He will be given dominion in his right hand and eternity in his left, and there will be placed on his head a crown of dignity, and his parents will be clothed with priceless garments the like of which have never been seen in this world. They will say: ‘Why have we been clothed with this?’ It will be said: ‘Because your son used to recite Qur’aan.’ Then it will be said to him: ‘Recite and ascend in the degrees of Paradise,’ and he will continue to ascend so long as he recites, either at a fast pace or a slow pace .”"
"There are no citations here, so we’re going to have to suspend our disbelief and take the authors word for it that they’re going to back it up eventually. To continue:"
"I must admit that I don’t like fishing very much, but I love my wife and she enjoys it. So I fish occasionally to spend time with her. And sometimes I think about things like this–just for fun."
"It was one of those garden centres that sells many other things....... crafts, books, gadgets to name but a few, as well as thousands of indoor and outdoor plants and things to do with gardening. There were also small pets, but although I enjoyed looking at all the rabbits and equipment, I left that department hurriedly."
"The father of the late Michael Jackson has packed up his Jackson Perfumes business because he was unhappy with the treatment he received from officials at the Fashion Show shopping centre."
"What I do care about, is the misguided notion that someone who may be averse to a smoking permitted environment, is encouraged by extremely wealthy non-profit “charitable organizations” with highly questionable ties to the pharmaceutical industry, to believe that they somehow have a constitutional right to dictate whether a property or business owner allows smoking on property where the smoke-averse individual is under no obligation to be in the first place, nor under any restraint or restrictions to remain."
"Caryl calls the Libyan civil war “a proximate cause for the success of the Tuareg rebellion.” As to the question of whether not just the general crisis in Libya, but also the Western intervention against Qadhafi specifically, is responsible for events in Mali, Caryl’s answer is more qualified. Caryl quotes Tom Malinowski of Human Rights Watch, who argues that Western powers may have been able to do more to prevent the flow of weapons out of Libya. Caryl ends with the exhortation, “Even in situations where there is ample justification for using force against dictators or war criminals, policymakers would be well-advised to take a good look at the possible negative side effects of their actions.”"
"I came “home” to a lot of hurt. Whether it was reality or realization of things I missed or wished I could still have in life doesn’t matter. What matters is God was pushing me to the edge of myself yet again. The pain kept rising to the surface until I felt like I wanted to vomit it up. Dissolved dreams, relationships I will never have, rejection, anger, loneliness, fear – there it was, staring me in the face, waiting for me to either run or stare right back into its beady eyes as a sign I’d finally dominated it. I did neither. I lost my composure and cried."
"Young love perishes too soon,"
"7Now to the one half of the tribe of Manasseh, Moses had given a heritage in Bashan; but to the other half, Joshua gave a heritage among their brothers on the west side of Jordan. Now when Joshua sent them away to their tents, he gave them his blessing,"
"An Post – Sean Kelly – Irish Team"
"Likewise, putting two blank areas next to each other is pretty meaningless. Neither space has more emphasis or weight and there's no statement being made. A page from a coloring book is a good example of why this looks pretty uninteresting."
"S: Apples & Cheese"
"Aleksandar Ziljak - An Evening In The City Coffehouse, With Lydia On My Mind ****: Meet Our Hero, a sleazy pornographer. But unlike sleazy pornographers today, Our Hero locates attractive women online and then inserts microscopic flying cameras into their homes without their knowledge. One day his cameras discover a prostitute who has sex with exotic aliens. When the aliens find out, they send goons to kill him and he has to take it on the lam. The first 9/10 of the story were great, but Ziljak ruins it with a deus ex machina at the end."
"That's right, I'm stepping down from the soap box and questioning everything I've spent the last twenty years believing. Are we more alike than different or are we merely tolerating each other (in some cases quite badly)? And how much does culture play a role, if it all?"
"Rieckhoff explains that it’s important to maximize the efforts of small donors to contribute to the programs that the IAVA provides, which are plentiful. From the social networks of vets to a GI bill calculator and career fairs, the non-profit is dedicated to serving the needs of veterans. The veteran care in America has faced many challenges as veterans are not only at risk for psychological disorders, like PTSD, but also struggle to get basic healthcare and jobs. Rieckhoff says that some of the biggest work the IAVA has done has been in employment, where the company has uncovered a staggering 17% unemployment rate among veterans. To put that in perspective, the average unemployment rate for American citizens is 8.2%."
"Fedorchenko may not be the finest Russian filmmaker alive, but he is definitely immensely talented and worthy of following closely."
"There are numerous of excellent solicitors within the site. One is Bolt Burdon Kemp, the industry company that delivers its specialization in several cases of medical malpractice. It is often in the market for Twenty five years and has received many awards. It has a youthful, energetic team that never seems to get tired until the customer has got the claim successfully. They may be readily available online on boltburdonkemp.co.uk."
"Angie had a bad asthma attack this weekend…finally went to the doctor’s on Monday after too many treatments at home. She took a treatment in the doctor’s office that did not good; he sent her to Infusion for the same kind of treatment she gets at the emergency room along with some oxygen. The doctor told her if that treatment didn’t help, he was going to admit her to the hospital. The treatment helped – not 100%, but she was breathing better. She has been home since then…I think she’ll stay home today. Now she’s coughing!"
"Then there were the desserts! A tray of assorted Italian cookies (my favorite!), along with homemade funfetti-dipped strawberries (yes, you heard that right–funfetti strawberries! They were dipped in white chocolate with the funfetti sprinkles in it), colorful cupcakes with hearts and fruit. Unfortunately, the desserts were snatched up too quickly for me to get a picture! Anyone who knows me knows how much I love chocolate-covered strawberries, so I had to try one of the funfetti variety (even though I’m not a big funfetti fan.) I also had a cupcake–chocolate, how could I not??–and WAY too many cookies. (Lesson learned: don’t sit down right next to the cookie tray. Ever.)"
"The author has really made reading of history interesting for many subjects and even in this book, he has traced the history through hundreds of years from the time when Dutch came first to South Africa to create a stopover for their ships going to Asia. But the focus of book remains Apartheid and how it evolved over the years and what kind of struggle people had to endure to finally abolish it."
"I have written before about working on improving birth weight values. My goal is a spread of birth weights between seven and eleven pounds. Different people have different ideals, based on their management systems. I want my lambs to have big enough frames that they are not at risk of chilling on cold, rainy days; but not so big that they risk difficult births, because I’m not always present to assist. It looks like I’ve made some progress there, here are my numbers from this year."
"So there you have my ‘J’ - Jam and Jerusalem"
"But, this spring has been fairly busy with orders from all over the world: Germany, Australia, and the US. The process is a little slower than I would like. With a 4-month old I’m learning that time is a slippery concept. I will say that at least I’ve come out of the BabyFog so I’m able to work more efficiently. Thanks everyone for your patience as I crawl out of this new baby stage."
"Overall, THG is a good movie! At least, it wasn’t like the uh, (you know it already) that ruined every bits of the book! Haha."
"Hummingbird Cake"
"ESPECIALLY you, Michigan…"
"So involved in unschooling discussions. I used to debate. I used to share my political views. I used to talk about parenting respectfully and I used to just be active online and in person. I used to promote my thoughts and opinions."
"Although this season's dineLA is over, the good news is that all of the dishes above are still available (though at higher prices from the regular menu), with many, many other exciting options on offer."
"So where does that leave me?"
"They may engage in dinning rituals of a fundamentalist Christian nature, openly advocate torture, and behave like total gentlemen when on a date with the same woman, but don't you dare call The Barbarian Brothers \"conservative.\" An overly stimulated glutæus maximus crushing the spirit of human dignity, Twin Sitters (a.k.a. The Babysitters) represents a new high in the made-up pantheon of babysitting comedies that feature musclebound twins who can hit a tennis ball with a cannon-like ferocity and make killer lasagne. Repeatedly subverting the existential Zeitgeist with their seemingly brainless antics, Peter and David Paul, with some much needed guidance from writer-director John Paragon (Jambi the Genie from Pee-wee's Playhouse), have created a heart-eviscerating poem cleverly masquerading as a crudely worded suicide note. Which is kinda inappropriate, because not once did the thought of taking my own life trickle through my diseased mind as I watched this non-travesty unfold before my very stunned mouth, nose, chin and eyes. Not wanting kill oneself is just the tip of the other foot when it comes to adjudicating the misguided adoration I absorbed from this cinematic abomination. A mangled pile of scattered body parts, shards of broken glass, and deformed clumps of metal, this movie/self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head is basically a sped up episode of the Three Stooges mixed with a second-rate Chuck Norris action flick that's been anally raped by a poorly produced exercise tape from the latter half of 1985. In other words: it takes everything that's awful about slapstick comedy, punching and kicking in strategically torn clothing, and physical fitness, and magnifies it to an almost blinding level of garishness."
"I then had my kiddos work on this worksheet to accompany the chart:"
"“The body is a house of many windows: there we all sit, showing ourselves and crying on the passers-by to come and love us.” Robert Louis Stevenson"
"Late this afternoon, the day after her birthday, the doctors office called to tell me I have a lesion on the upper right side of my breast and they are scheduling an ultrasound."
"2. The Man Who Is Utterly Powerless Is Powerful (Matthew 27:32-40)"
"Icewolf: *laughs* aren't you unusually perky?"
"Here're some pictures of the hotel I stayed, which was awesome. The bathroom was huge for one really, and I had a sofa area which was beautiful."
"Pointed at him."
"I chopped up some basil (maybe about half a cup"
"A quote from Marianne Williamson sums up what I believe about blogging, \"Personal transformation can and does have global effects. As we go, so goes the world, for the world is us. The revolution that will save the world is ultimately a personal one.\""
"Rode the six hundred:"
"Well, I talked to my cousin on maybe the 13th and she said that for starting tomatos from seed, they should actually be started in January…. Goes to show just what I know, eh?"
"Without implementing, or at least just starting, such essential long overdue reforms Gulf Arab States cannot and must not try to preach or act as instruments for bringing freedom, justice and democracy to any country in the world. And if they are unwilling to implement these reforms then the world must engage other countries with better records; like India, South Africa or Brazil."
"Client: Young parents who have old whole life policies purchased when they were children. The death benefit is simply not enough to fit their current needs."
"“A record of my feeling, that I live, that I breathe. My poems were that, and hence: hymns of gratitude. And at the same time, I was conscious of misfortune, of being injured. And nothing in me was spontaneous, but under control of the will.”"
"1) Don't have rooms where there is nothing personal"
"PACIFIC TSUNAMI WARNING CENTER/NOAA/NWS"
"Among the songs Brian picked were Carole King's \"Now That Everything's Been Said\", Tommy Roe's \"Everybody\", Delaney and Bonnie's \"Superstar\", The Shirelles's \"Mama Said\" and three songs from the Wilson Brothers. Two came from Dennis Wilson. \"Fallin In Love\" ( recorded as \"Lady\" on Pacific Ocean Blue) and \"Forever\" from The Beach Boys album Sunflower. Also from Sunflower came \"This Whole World\" with an extra bridge (\"Starlight/Star Bright\"). That's the song The Mojo Collection-The Greatest Albums Of All Time calls the highlight of this mostly unheard album...\"as fine as anything Brian Wilson ever produced\""
"THANKS IF YOU DONT MIND (REALLY REALLY SORRY IF YOU DISLIKE THE GESTURE) ."
"Amanda:\"I can't even acquaint you what just happened. Mostly because I don't even know.\""
"I also decided to move around some light fixtures in the house. I'm getting not one, but TWO chandeliers above my dining table. Then I can really smack around some friends when we sit down to play monopoly deal. Have you ever played that? I highly recommend it."
"Jennifer: I was actually standing here thinking about doing the same thing"
"The 2012 Hoophall Classic has afforded all of us all opportunity to take in some of the best high school players in the country. A veritable laundry list of “Players-to-Watch” came across the media tables, but not one player was on the Celtics roster."
"Just to give you an idea, in the apartment, we used to have our treadmill in the bedroom, along with all of these wardrobe cabinets and the rest of it. We had more than enough room within the bedroom. It was everywhere else that was the problem ;)"
"“Among the gods there is none like you, O Lord; no deeds can compare with yours. All the nations you have made will come and worship before you, O Lord; they will bring glory to your name. For you are great and do marvelous deeds; you alone are God.” Psalm 86:8"
"Yes, I think you get the idea! Please dig deep into your stash and join us in this fun challenge!"
"(see yesterday's post)."
"Oh, and if you’re wondering when you’ll get to see the story, the answer is soon. I’m hoping to run one a week leading up to the games starting late this month or early next month. So far, I’ve tried weightlifting, tumbling, fencing and archery. Are there any others out there you’d like to see me try my hand (or foot) at? Let me know at jjag@santacruzsentinel.com."
"This is the last post."
"1. thinly slice 3-4 large onions into long strips by cutting off ends, slicing in half, then shaving slices “across the grain” for long skinny strips… does that make sense even?"
"They were both fitted last week for their braces and did great during their appointment. Although painless, in order to make their braces, they have to have molds made of their little legs . Kylee was NOT A FAN during her last casting, so I was a bit nervous at how they’d do this time. It was nice this time around, being able to explain what would happen before we got there. I had showed Kylee and Brody pictures from when Kylee was little and told them “yay, you get to get braces!”…which of course led Korbin & Miss B wondering why they don’t get to have braces…ugh, can’t win! Anyways, I told them both that Mr. Spencer was going to put mud on their legs and it was going to be SO SILLY!"
"When I returned home I began weeding throughout my gardens. You know the old expression, \" There are two things certain in life, death and taxes.\"? Well, for gardeners it is pests and weeds! LOL I can weed all day and still find them hidden about the plantings. Argh!"
"The Vancouver Police Department might have avoided this ignominy if they’d studied the modus operandi of other crooked lawyers. We Africans remember the case of an American lawyer involved in diamond smuggling. He hired a local transvestite to pose as his wife so he could hide the gems in her empty bra cups. Fortunately, a drunk passenger reported the transvestite to a security guard after groping her tits and concluding she was carrying a bosom bomb. Even a drunkard knows what a woman’s breasts are supposed to feel like. The transvestite broke down under interrogation and confessed to everything, revealing that the lawyer had insisted on conjugal rights as part of the deal. These legal vultures will squeeze every last drop from a contract."
"Baku is a sunny wheatfield."
"As many people know, the UK scene is a disjointed and under represented world. Even in this Internet age, where you can find the Fitted Cap size of your favourite Technotronic covering Rapper, it’s still extremely difficult to get even the most basic info on the UK Scene. You could lay that down to the lack of investment, cohesion, or media outlets in the early years, or that there was never “that book”, but that is all in the past now. There are of course people like Disorda"
"The wicked and eerie works of Moses Jaen......"
"From: John Deitering, Annandale"
"You know, last night I came home from work so tired. It was busy and somewhat stressful at the store and I haven’t been sleeping well and I was tired. Oh, and I have poison ivy. I was wondering what it would be like to come home and feel comforted and loved and cared for. I can’t even imagine what that is like. I’ve been doing this empty thing too long."
"Please let me be ... the other me"
"3. Jelly"
"Downy Save $.50/1 fabric softener liquid or sheets (5/11) ETS"
"We were humbled by the actions of these young soldiers, both male and female. The compound was dry and dusty, as were the well-used looking tanks upon which equally dusty soldiers were relaxing before setting off again into the war zone just half a kilometer away."
"My sweets, what are you doing this weekend? My mom is coming from Michigan to visit tomorrow, and Alex and I are taking a staycation in New York next week! Alex is staying home from work, and my mom will hang out with Toby while Alex and I go on adventures, like taking snowy bike rides, going to a speakeasy in Queens and having long dinners with friends. We're even considering staying in a hotel for a night (is that crazy?). I'm so excited for a breather and want to give my mom a huge kiss for letting us galavant around the city!"
"If you could go back in time and tell the 15 year-old you one thing, what would it be?"
"…..between me and hubby…"
"Sewing up a couple little birdies out of cream colored, linen and sea glass blue, wool felt was so easy using a wonderful, free pattern, from Spool Sewing that I came across on Pinterest. They add a really sweet touch to this wreath. Instead of hand sewing the birds up after stuffing them I stitched a tail feather-like pattern using my Singer and then with pinking shears tidied up the ends."
"Liberals call conservatives intolerant, but their own tolerance never seems to extend to those who disagree with their plan to radically transform America. On college campuses around the country, these lovers of free speech constantly shout down those trying to take advantage of the First Amendment."
"how they rest now as one"
"I would hope the fact that I love cooking is clear to you all by now, considering I have started this blog about how much I love cooking."
"127. “Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” ~Winston Churchill"
"1/2 cup slivered almonds, toasted"
"Here are my goals for changing my attitude:"
"\"Are you like Charles?\" Meg asked."
"At any given time, you could find a stack of books on my bedside table that include a few professional reads, something Jodi Picoult-esque, an embarrassing amount of chic lit, a humor novel, a memoir, the latest People magazine, back issues of Cooking Light and the newest edition of The Reading Teacher. (Okay, you can also find four or five half empty or totally empty water glasses. It's a phenomenon. They follow me and then can't seem to find their way to the dishwasher. Whatevs. At least I'm hydrated, right?)"
"Seis: Six is my favorite number and lucky too."
"On the side of things with my mum. It ended up yesterday with her saying OK to the fact that I can’t really speak on the phone right now as I am too overwhelmed with everything. Then she emailed me today to wish me a nice weekend at my sister’s. I just replied asking how she is and what’s new with her. It’s been a year and nine months since I spoke with her so I am guessing that something will be new! I could go on and on about my crazy year and nine months. She won’t be expecting the email, I don’t think, so we’ll see what she says in reply. I wasn’t to ‘chatty’ in the email with her but I just mentioned that I have 2 American roommates and they’ve already gone for the weekend away so I have the room to myself until I leave tomorrow to go to my sister’s. I also mentioned about me and my sleeping today and the fact that I am still tired!"
"A moment of clarity where clarity most often strikes, pinpointed my discontent: the blue colour just ruins it, providing the visual focus as to why this is simply not an Arsenal shirt. Looking at the long-sleeved version, I should imagine that even the Fancy Dans who wear gloves in cold weather will be praying that the tradition of the Arsenal captain wearing the sleeves involves the shorter version; they are quite simply ghastly. Oh, and when you have explain that the obsidian hoops on the sleeve are blue, it is blue unless of course you are disappearing up your own arsenal-hole at a rapid rate of knots. Ask Bono, he’s an expert on that one. One final thought; why is AFC printed on the back in the embroidery style of you gran’s 1970 knitting patterns? What next, Arsenal Rally jackets?"
"PUTAR: In other words the government is a divided house, papaji?"
"Abdoulaye Faye bagged a late equaliser against one of his former clubs to give us a very valuable away point. Stoke did well to come back from 2-0 down after the first half with Big Mama getting Stoke’s first goal following a Fuller pass. Why we started with Cresswell and Danny Pugh who knows and once Ricardo Fuller & Glen Whelan (his free kick provided the Faye goal) came on we were all over Newcastle. The Delap throw in seems to losing its effect as well as the season progresses and Sonko seems to have a big throw on him, although his come in high and are easier to defend than Rory Delap’s powerful, low angled throws."
"Announcing the upcoming theme to give you artists a head start - For June to July it's all about the GOLDEN AGE OF ARCADE GAMES! Any arcade game published between 1978 and 1986 will be fair game, no box covers are necessary, just have the name of the maker on the game (i.e. Dig-Dug - Namco)"
"As usual, I colored her with copic"
"I was excited to meet up with Callie Parker to host this blog party! Callie is a sweet person and I am happy to have found a new Willow House consultant! She is friendly and full of fun decorating ideas. You can keep up with Callie at her blog, willowhousemom.com, and on facebook, facebook.com/willowhousemom. Keep reading for details on how to order and information on the special discount Callie is offering to my readers!"
"The zombies came out of the water and started tearing up the town. By tearing up the town, of course, I mean gingerly pushing chairs over at the local watering hole. I should mention that in this montage of zombie action (I use that term loosely) we see many more pairs of French breasts. Starkwell definitely has one foot out the door. The novelty of this film wore off of Lovelock about ten boobies ago. Considering how they just rose from the water in those thick army jackets, “they all look remarkably dry”, noted Starkwell. The villagers form a posse to take out the Nazi zombies."
"Carrots — California"
"I was so sad. I felt I had lost my chance for eternal happiness. I moved out of the house into a tiny apartment (all I could afford on my part time job since she was keeping all the money I was making from the 100K plus job). But in just 6 weeks of being away from her lies and mental abuse I was able to open my eyes and see that it was her that had been abusing me. That she was not in any way inspired by God. She was so heinous in her viciousness I think the devil may be taking notes. And she is 5th generation LDS."
"Now, think about your social media contacts. In the endless array of messages, whose do you pay attention to, look for? Chances are it’s someone that you interact with on a regular basis, a friend who has earned your attention not someone who is just blathering on about themselves in the background who you just tune out."
"Nathaniel sighed. “I suppose so. But they have no motive.”"
"That’s not true. It is not all about seeing homosexuals become hetereosexuals. This is not the message of the gospel. The gospel is about all types of sinners (like me) who are unbelievers becoming believers. The gospel of Jesus Christ is not discriminatory, it is all inclusive: we are all sinners. I am pretty consistent in talking to all types of people about Christ. This is the thing that encourages me in this whole thing: the gospel of Christ is being presented. God will forgive people. He will give a clean-slate to all who turn from sin and trust in Jesus."
"nicknames, which have also been taken overseas by some who"
"2 of those songs belong to the character of Marmee and I’m blocking them both tonight. Oooooh boy. I’m anticipating an emotional night."
"Patterned Paper - My Mind's Eye"
"Spellbinders die templates are open in the middle which makes it super easy to position your die over a stamped image (no guessing here folks because you can see the stamped image and exactly where the cut will be). I like to lightly tape my die template to the paper - just one corner will do - so that it does not shift during the cutting process. Rule of thumb: Stamp then Cut. Also each die template allows you to make a neat embossed edge which in turn allows you to ink a fine border in a shimmery ink or glitter"
"The Washington Post said the BEST study had ‘settled the climate change debate’ and showed that anyone who remained a sceptic was committing a ‘cynical fraud’."
"Why? How many people do you know who would suffer for centuries just to redeem his friends? That's killer support, baby! He's totally red carpet material in my book."
"Christian Recovery leaders—participants in the International Christian Recovery Coalition, (www.ChristianRecoveryCoalition.com)–will come from the United States and Canada to share their programs, plans, and efforts to enhance recovery from alcoholism and addiction by reliance on the power of God. They will meet and speak in workshop fashion at His Place Church in Westminster, California, Friday, May 18 and Saturday May 19. Members of the public who believe, or wish to learn how, these maladies can be cured by reliance on the Creator are invited to register and attend. The Conference will emphasize the way early A.A. pioneers were, in their Akron A.A. Christian Fellowship, cured of alcoholism with God’s help in the 1930’s. All participant leaders and speakers are recovered, Christian alcoholics or addicts—with long term sobriety–who utilize “Old School” early A.A. First Century Christianity principles and practices in their respective Christian recovery endeavors."
"Viral V. Acharya, Matthew Richardson, Stijn Van Nieuwerburgh, and Lawrence J. White, Guaranteed to Fail: Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Debacle of Mortgage Finance (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2011)."
"I find it a bit tricky to photograph all black street style but when there are different textures involved, like the leather detailing on Dorothea's coat and her furry scarf (+ beautiful make-up), it makes it so much easier."
"So then it was off to Chik-Fil-A for an 85cent ice cream cone and play time in the kiddie tunnels and indoor slides. While we were there, I found a copy of today's paper that someone left behind so I have the Friday happenings mag now and I also scored 55cents... another tiny morsel of abundance left behind by someone who apparently didn't need it. So I guess you could say it was my lucky day."
"I’ve been thinking of lines and spaces lately. Every leafy tree invites me to see it two ways: once as an image of the multitude of greens and branches, then once again in negative, seeing only the jagged splotches of sky between branches and leaves."
"Glad's new \"To Go\" line. BPA free containers with a little cup for dressing or dip that snaps into the underside of the lid. It's different. It's practical. We'll see if they're a hit once school starts."
"Too often…coaches and the way they coach…waste a lot of time…"
"But the holidays were fast approaching and I was busy and waited to call my GP."
"Never Let Me Go is a story of friendship and love, but above all, it is a story of silence, of restraint, and ultimately, of regret. Events unfold slowly, as the characters come to terms with the events from their childhood and their feelings towards each other. Ironically the pervasive silence and lack of action that caused so many of my friends to find the novel boring, are exactly what I enjoyed most about it."
"02 Ziggy Stardust"
"When he got out a cocktail making book i said 'ooooh thats creative, well done' and he looked me straight in the face and said 'Hey, im not creative, im an alcoholic' like being creative was the mark of the devil. Poor creatively blocked lamb. Sounds like someone needs to do morning pages ;D"
"Her simple clapboard house was located next to a payday lender in a part of town noted for its potholes, pawn shops, foreclosed property, and abandoned cars. I actually found it rather heartening that Madame Imelda should live in such a neighborhood. I like my psychics on the humble side. However, I may have overestimated her humility, for when I walked into her simple clapboard home I was greeted by a giant middle-aged lady dressed in gypsy garb and speaking in a foreign accent, mostly Hungarian, but with what sounded like a little Spanish and Scandinavian thrown in. I took her for a worldly woman."
"“The bigger one on the left is probably a barn, the farmer’s house on the right, the well in the middle.”"
"In instinctively requesting understanding and empathy from Gherkin, are we creating an underlying jealously and resentment that could impact on the boys’ relationship as siblings as they progress into adolescence and adulthood?"
"Koozies in their place as are styrofoam cups and plasticwear."
"D — Women are paid 77% of what men get paid because:"
"Just about everyone drills a hole at home at least once in their life. Find five drilling tips here."
"On 14 May 1992, We resolved to give due course to the petition and required the parties to submit their respective Memoranda after the Office of the Solicitor General (OSG) filed a Comment in behalf of the respondents and the petitioners filed a reply thereto."
"Tonight we are off for our third skiing lesson of the season! We still haven't had much snow, so we're skiing on man-made snow which is always harder. Tonight we'll be going down this hill for the first time!"
"3) Ice-skating at the Hôtel de Ville"
"Brennan raised a question about the December 2006 approval of Atlantic Yards by the Public Authorities Control Board (PACB), two weeks after approval by the Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC). The PACB evaluated the soundness of the state’s $100 million subsidy for Atlantic Yards"
"Deadline for applications is 26th May 2012, if selected you will be notified by 2nd June 2012, and we would like you to make your first DT card/project for challenge #212 - 16th June 2012."
"Might get offered a bad contract. (Don’t be afraid to renegotiate!!! If there is a profit to be made most small publishers are amendable.)"
"Oh, and if you're going to be there, come say hi!!"
"Feel free to ask!"
"accessories: Stampin' Write Markers (Perfect Plum, Always Artichoke), Eyelet Ribbon Border punch, Square Lattice embossing folder, Color Spritzer Tool, Always Artichoke Seam Binding"
"I don’t like being on one side of the fog. It is very frustrating for me to not be able to see the other side … the end result. I’m not even sure of my own footing. But what I do know is that God is there. He is right with me, and if I stop worrying about all of the “what ifs”, “I can’t do that”, and “How’s that suppose to happen?”, I’ll find myself at the end of one faith journey. God has great things in store for me, I just have to stop looking at the fog and look at God instead."
"What surprise, indignation and anger I felt when HE DID NOT!"
"it's not that it's 'time to stop mourning'. part of me will always be mourning. but we have a chance at a living child, and whatever happens, we still have each other. this last 14 months has been incredibly hard for us as a couple, and this next 14 months will be, too. but the last couple of months, i've been really realising quite how much i love this guy. realising that he has always been there, even when he hasn't understood my grief. realising that if we can come through this amount of shit and still love each other and be happy as a couple, then we can (probably) get through anything. i'm bloody lucky, in many ways. except for the babyloss thing."
"Which features cyborgs having sex (-9)"
"I could tell you that actually, this is not about the money. That the financial cuts will be detrimental to lives, but that the message the government have sent to the British people, that the weakest, the frailest, the most vulnerable are no longer worthy of collective support will be rejected once that same public understand that message."
"1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning blend, found near seafood department, or on spice aisle at the grocery store"
"3- If you found out the tart gains a good color but not yet cooked from the inside you can cover it with a foil piece (the matt side)."
"To learn more about the benefits of implementing SafetyFirst, contact Jeff Cruey, CPCU, Divisional Senior Vice President."
"After a few weeks I sent several emails inquiring about my application and trying to get acknowledgement that it had even been received. I heard nothing. I waited a few more weeks. I sent another email on Dec. 7th asking about the status of my account. One week later I received a return email that was completely incomprehensible."
"Looking around quickly on the forum came to this very recent thread from yesterday with CCP Soundwave chiming in here."
"ADDED: March 14, 8 days later, EC is rumoured to be doing what it should have done months ago, or at least in February."
"And now you want to cut our soldiers pay, putting their life on the line for free?"
"Already, we see this racial and religious division everywhere. Surveys suggest 40% of British Muslims wish to live under Sharia law. There are constant news items about the radicalisation of young Muslim males in Britain, we saw the rejoicing in the streets of GREAT BRITAIN after the mass murder on 9/11, constant news about thwarted terrorist attacks coming on top of the London transport suicide bombings that killed 52 and maimed 700, constant news about Mosques selling literature calling for the overthrow of Britain’s democracy, the murder of British Jews and homosexuals, the subjugation of the non-Muslim infidel and the desire to install a global Islamic caliphate."
"And the cat read in origami style and found the letters encrypted below"
"Pop quiz: What’s your favorite cat breed? Stumped? That’s because surveys show that while most people can identify dozens of dog breeds and list their favorites, when asked to name cat breeds those same people respond with an astonished, “Wait. . .cats have breeds?”"
"The sad end of Spoiler Pirate came this week during a staff meeting on the Day Hollywood Stood Still mothership. In attendance was our glorious leader; the mighty Gort' and dear Spoiler Pirate himself, along with several experts who had been drafted in to work on a reboot of the blog. These included freelance cartoonist Gavin Johnson; graphic artist Chris Johnson (no relation); producer and podcaster Lee Medcalf; writing expert and lady of mystery Ama Zing; webmaster, Sith Lord and Hufflepuff4life Matt Dillon; expert blogger and master of the occult Mr Jimothy Moon; and head of the Gort fan club Sarah Lazell."
"Customer care supervisor - 110064435"
"I've tried a few of these, using Lacey Townsend, the world-class sniper Heroine in my upcoming Romantic Suspense novel. However, since I don't actually have the book on sale yet, it's kind of hard to document whether or not my method's working. I do get a lot of click-throughs to the blog to read the free snippet / excerpt that I link from these tweets."
"But again...even with all that at stake, he refuses to ask for help."
"Colored Granulated Sugar"
"bad joke for money: (see above, it’s the underlying theme here) HAHAHAHA, hilarious!"
"250 West Broadway at Beach"
"If you are spanking your children and you are perfectly happy with how it feels and the results you are getting, then I am not going to change your mind. But if you HATE spanking your kids, as this commenter does, please rest assured that you do NOT have to do it anymore."
"8 ) Always apologize for any inconvenience. Whether you mean it or not. After all, there is nothing worse than inconvenience. In the lesser-known eleventh plague of Egypt, God removed all the Redboxes and 7/11s. And horror filled the land. Inconvenience is the pits. Your customer is not screaming at you because the computer monitor you sold them set their hair on fire. They’re complaining because it will be a total pain in the behind to drive over to Wal-mart and buy makeup so they can draw their eyebrows back on. Apologize. Often."
"As I'm generally pleased with my results, I thought I'd share the method to my madness."
"For any Polaroid enthusiasts who will be in or around New York City before the 22nd of August, the first exposition of Impossible Project photos will be on view. Beam me over, scottie!"
"I'll tell you this much -- I will always have some sort of knitting in the car or in my purse for times like these."
"A summer beer needs to be no less flavorful than any other beer, it just needs to be light and refreshing. But so often, to get the \"light,\" breweries offer a watery, uninteresting beer. It's fine on a hot day, and maybe even preferable to something heavier and tastier, but it's not ideal."
"I love to tuck our guest into the Gable Room! It's high high ceiling, big window and antique furnishings makes this room feel so snug and comfortable..."
"I'm not sure how it happened...but my beautiful, angelic looking (notice I refer to the appearance of an angel, not an actual angel)little girl changed before my very eyes. She became this mouthy teen trapped in a 1st grader's body. After a couple of warnings, I placed her in the dreaded time out chair. Then the agony that all mothers experience at least once in a lifetime (I say that tongue in cheek because if this happened to any mom ONLY once....the offer is now on the table to trade kids)...my daughter THREW DOWN one heck of a tantrum. The time out chair is in the dining room so that she is rather isolated ( i.e. Super Nanny)and I was in the other room and I am sure that the people on the next block...past our church, which is RIGHT NEXT DOOR TO OUR HOME....the parsonage (notice that I typed that in all lowercase because aren't preacher's kids suppose to be perfect? Total sarcasm there!) could hear my kid screaming her head off! Now...going to end that story so I can fast forward a few days to begin the story of MY MOMMY MELTDOWN!"
"It certainly seems to be a trend in western Europe that there are more singletons living alone. I’m not sure that has changed much in Ireland, but whereas in times past, the bachelor son or spinster daughter might remain in the parental home, these days it is not unusual for them to have their own place."
"How are you?"
"The steel-clad building amongst the trees seems incongruous with its surroundings, but having shown my membership card at the entrance and passed into the vast dimly-lit space beyond, its purpose becomes apparent: to protect what is one of the most remarkable and best-preserved discoveries in this outpost of the Empire, Lullingstone Roman Villa. From beginnings in around AD100, the villa began as quite a modest building, probably four rooms linked by a north-south corridor with protruding wings at either end. By the mid 2nd century, the house had been enlarged to include a bath house to the south and further rooms to the north. Then in the 3rd century the north wing was demolished and rebuilt with five rooms, three of which featured underfloor heating."
"She was 17. She took her own life."
"The week before Christmas one of my participants, a young mum, came and handed me an envelope. I didn't open it right away. I wish I had though. It was a WONDERFUL, thoughtful present that brought tears to my eyes and made my heart swell with pride."
"What's next for you? Is there a work-in-progress readers can look forward to?"
"Now that you understand at least in principle that there are things which might be taxing some of your friends and forum-mates that you aren’t seeing (even if you are there while they’re happening), you need to start figuring out what exactly you’re missing. I’ll start you with the most famous 101-level explanation of what it means to have a thing we call “privilege.” It’s about white privilege specifically, but I’m sure as you read you’ll be able to figure out how it generalizes to race, gender, orientation, level of ability, and socioeconomic class."
"Marc Meneau went bankrupt..."
"No? Well, you should, really, this should be a goal: to feel better at the end of a meal if not down right happy."
"Another lovely read from Phillipa - if you didn't catch it first time round then grab your copy now!"
"red or red and white, but I was totally surprised when I saw this."
"That is all for this week. I'm still on the months long, never-ending hunt for a craigslist dining table... cross your fingers it happens this week. If not, I'll find something else to tackle... as always :)"
"Look who's been coming around every morning! Yep, check this chick out!"
"Whatever post you see below this? Yeah, that “To-Do-List”? Disregard that, in the end I realized I’m just bullshitting myself. Hell, why say something you’d intend to do, but never will do?"
"*Information from The Classic Fairy Tales, edited by Maria Tatar. I used Surlalune's Library Essentials posts from last October to create my Christmas wishlist and this book was one of my presents. Thanks for doing that, Heidi!"
"If life is a highway, it certainly isn't straight and flat. It's a winding road with many peaks and valleys. Case in point? My last three days: On Sunday afternoon, I was poolside with my husband and two of my dearest friends, basking in the sun, feeling incredulous at the blessings in my life. On Sunday evening, I tossed back a few G & T's, which convinced me to dance at the piano bar near the karaoke microphone. A stranger, innocently assuming that \"dancing near the microphone\" meant \"open to singing\", handed me the microphone for a line of her song. I gave it my all for a few bars of a song I didn't know. She immediately took it back. No hard feelings, sassy brunette lady from The Alley in Berkeley."
"Perhaps the most striking thing of his recent performance is who he’s pitched against. He shut down two of baseballs most prominent offenses, Detroit and the Yankees. He’s also beaten a rejuvinated Minnesota lineup with Mauer and Morneau healthy thus far. Tonight he beat a Toronto team that is always among the league leaders in on base percentage. Texas paid a hefty transfer fee to his former Japanese club, but early returns indicate he’s worth it."
"I played Oblivion for the second time since February today."
"Do-it-yourself satirical craft projects were not typically featured in editorial cartoons, or anywhere else in newspapers for that matter. I love his version of Grace Drayton's fey Cambell's kids. Below, of course, no \"Man Style\" cartoonist could resist a prohibition gag:"
"The Revelation (video) – Production Company"
"You know what i made tonight? My \"Wonderful\" Cauliflower Cheese & Noodles. And I say \"Wonderful\" because I messed it up! I messed up my own darn recipe! lol how sad... I wasted a ton of food because I did it wrong. I know what happened though. I used the wrong \"Cheese\" .. I bought a new kind of vegan cheese to try & it didn't work out very well. I will be buying some new ingredients today to make it tonight & I will be posting a picture of the cheese I use on the recipe page so there is no confusion."
"We hear that P, from Back Street, has gone crazy with the pressure and has been taken to hospital."
"I finished at 3pm and went for a run. The weather has been amazing today, almost 13 degrees, and it really felt like Spring. I know it is supposed to throw it down with rain tomorrow but for today I ran my four miles in the mild and pleasant afternoon sunshine. Happy! ;)"
"As you can see, interest income as a share of the total economy actually stayed pretty high throughout all of the 80s, even as rates dropped precipitously. And through rates are at all time lows, interest income isn’t quite there yet. But for savers and retirees, the trend is still not looking good."
"And, how many bands or artists of real worth – by that I mean long term worth – have actually come out of the MySpace axis? Arctic Monkeys immediately springs to mind – not, I admit, that I’m particularly partial to them… in that I don’t exactly rush home after a long day thinking… heck, I’d better hurry along ‘cos I’m absolutely busting to hear a new Arctic Monkeys’ tune. Lily Allen – sorry but the same applies."
"Retirement Security:"
"This has been my first full week without my dog. I had gotten in such a habit of walking her 3 times a day and I spend the last 8 days not walking. I am feeling it. I went for one walk around the neighborhood without her last week and basically cried the whole time."
"I was so proud of how well they played in their tournament. The next season starts next weekend, so the football fun really never ends around here! :)"
"So back to my first dilemma, what ages are these books for? There are so many categories of children writing! Who’d a thunk!"
"What's everyone else been doing over the summer, and how are we all feeling about the onset of Autumn? And is anyone all fired up to get their entry off to New Voices? Let me know if you are so I can cheer you on!"
"I put together some combinations with nothing particularly in mind other than what might look cute. Perhaps one day I can look back when I need some fabric inspiration. Lots of these are \"kid inspired\" but y'know...I have babies on the brain lately so cut me some slack."
"XO!"
"I showed it to my Mom. She liked it. Then I showed her the price. She told me to put it back. But I knew that if I tried it on, I could get her to fall in love with it. I tried it on and...instantly we were both in love. With MUCH hesitation from her and coaxing from me, she finally decided to buy the dress."
"Like eagle that Sunday morning"
"I would say this film is different and unique because it took a classic television show and made it relatable to people who grew up watching ’21 Jump Street’ and also to a younger audience who have never seen it. Also it was a big risk turning the show into a modern-day comedy as there are not many movies out there today that are actually worth watching."
"When planning the winery, Ernesto did not have any intention of making it biodynamic. But, once he learned about the theories of biodynamics, he felt that it fit his already existing philosophy, his sense of aesthetics. To Ernesto, biodynamics does not necessarily make better wine but it makes them feel better and it is aesthetically beautiful. He even admitted that there are things wrong in biodynamics but \"we need to take a stand\" as \"we have gone too far on the side of science\" and \"need more balance, to leave things more natural.\" Biodynamics is a goal, and aspiration, for Ernesto, despite the fact there is no real market in Argentina for biodynamic wine. Little of Ernesto's wines are currently biodynamic, and it will take years for the winery to start producing a significant amount of biodynamic wines."
"when she apprehended my camera."
"Stir in zucchini, beets and chocolate chips."
"Oats"
"98. Lord of the Flies, The: William Golding"
"Okay, my last original fic to post today. I wrote these last week but haven’t had time to type them up or post them (hence why I extended the drabble challenge). This one takes place when Sarah and Tucker are kids. Tucker really was a jerk. I swear he changes later on. The prompt was sticks and stones at writerverse."
"1 games"
"To be resistant we have to challenge ourselves and step out of the system we live in for a while and think: Is this the way I want it to be? Is something else possible? Why is it like this?"
"Jenn: In reading Brains, it becomes clear that the familial unit is of utmost importance for human/zombie survival. o you feel the recruitment of the family members is indicative of your own life?"
"“We do not ask for much,” Van Cleef continued. “Just enough to feed our families, to take care of our loved ones who saw so little of us while we labored – no, SLAVED away for our dear King and his lords and ladies. If they would just take care of this by paying us the money we deserve-”"
"Eyes looking only for you,"
"Bell capital. A form of capital of which the chief characteristic is a reversed bell between the shaft and the upper molding. The bell is often ornamented with carv­ing."
"I came across a blog today by a man named Dave Hunter, named simply \"Thoughts Aloud\". He wrote a post titled \"Support and Defend\", alluding to the oath he took back during the Vietnam Era when he joined the Army - just as I took back then, when I joined the Navy - to support and defend the Constitution of the United States of America. It contains a superbly written explanation of the difference between the representative republic we started out as being when our country was first formed after gaining our independence from England and the democracy that we have been \"Hope-a-doped\" and Changed into during the last 150 years of our history. Here is the pertinent section:"
"In other news, I went to an \"authentic French bakery\" near our apartment where I promptly spit my almond croissant onto the sidewalk outside. So, so bad. That one's gonna hurt."
"I’ll end with their two month birthday pictures – they’ve grown so much since their one month pictures!"
"The US Secret Service said three employees will leave their jobs over the sex scandal in a hotel in Colombia which tarnished the elite presidential protection agency's image.Two leading congressmen"
"When it comes to the kind of popular culture represented by Top of the Pops, I could claim to be a man with his ear to the ground and his eyes on the horizon but sadly I'm not and, like a fool, I managed to miss the whole of BBC4's run of Top of the Pops 1976 . Late to the party as always, I have, however, finally noticed the existence of Top of the Pops 1977."
"Do it yourself,"
"Is there a doctor in the house?"
"On the else hand, the implement of olive oil, vinegar, mayonnaise and else natural merchandise have being proven in addition powerful for the treatment of lice."
"Racked: 07-29-2008"
"Of course, the police have since gone back to clashing with protesters in the streets of Tunis. Still, incredible to witness that day."
"That little spark made all the difference. How many times, I wondered, do we pull and struggle through the conundrums of life without the fire we need? We get that spark we need through personal time with the Word of God. We allow others to spark our attitudes that make us productive. Like my neighbor, we are accountable as a spark to someone else. My encouraging word can become the spark that allows empowerment for what looks to someone else an insurmountable task."
"i am taking"
"ISBN: 0805090053"
"I will praise You, O Lord, among the peoples;"
"I've made three, two of which I've worn pretty much on a weekly basis since I first made them. The third wasn't so successful as I made the sleeveless version which for me, just didn't work. I've since added sleeves so hope to get a lot more wear out of it in the warmer weather as the fabric is so lovely."
"It’s something that happens every day, every hour, across the country many times over. It’s done so casually that some people respond without a second thought, and then reciprocate with half-hearted interest. It happens at birthday parties, happy hour, luncheons, business meetings, the grocery store, the gym and even while lying on the table of a chatty masseuse."
"No P.O. Boxes."
"Your report stated that more pigs were likely to be culled by the Zoo so I hope that I will soon be able to enjoy home reared pork in the Zoo's own Mansion House restaurant (when it re-opens)."
"I will give him a real woman. Not a harridan or a doll, not a dolt or a caricature but a living, breathing equal partner, who is not dying or impossibly pious. And I'll also bring an amicable divorce from Catherine and a Dear John letter from Ellen, so he can enjoy her."
"Deckard goes into Isidore's empathy box and two weeks later comes out of the empathy box at his home with a real turtle. Once his wife sees he's alive they talk about Mercerism a bit and wrap up the plot. Buster Friendly revealed Mercer to be an actor (I'm going out of order here sorry this was earlier). At the end Deckard's wife says Buster Friendly presented android parts belonging to Deckard, telling the world that Luna Luft's killer was Deckard, an andy. So Deckard is off the hook."
"P.S : Writing is not my greatest strength, please bare with my errors and hopefully I will be able to find my voice with each of the future reviews I write in the future. Thank you for reading and I would love to read your opinion of Passion Untamed by Pamela Palmer"
"Patterned Paper: DCWV - Luxury Stack"
"I'm back! I know it's been a while but I've returned for one last post of the year aside from some poetry that may find its way to the blog if I get a few moments free!"
"Verb Forms: Talk – Talked – Talking"
"- falling down stairs that have no hand-rail"
"Label: Philips"
"I'm looking forward to reading the sequels! Finally, in the spirit of The Lucky 13s, do you have a favourite superstition?"
"It is important for people to understand the actual significance of President Obama’s highly publicized, surprise visit to Afghanistan. This trip had nothing to do with the outcome of the war itself and everything to do with domestic political consumption. It was designed to win votes from a war-weary public."
"You will have a choice between these two blocks: shadowy claustrophobia or a block with front yard style lawns."
"JA: My uncles were selling beautiful clothes. One aunt was a window dresser for very stylish stores. So I always loved stylish clothes. One of my uncles was very found of art and paintings and would buy a lot of them. I loved to go to his house and see them. Unfortunately my parents did not have money enough to offer me a stylish life."
"Black cardigan - Anthro"
"This tasty French spread can be used with grilled chicken or fish, vegetables, fruit, salads or slathered on crackers. I've been enjoying it with toast, pears and blue cheese. There are many versions of tapenade depending on where it's made, but it always contains olives, usually black, sometimes green."
"They must not be made to feel inadequate by stick-thin models staring out of advertising billboards and magazines."
"I hope to able to share more here and try to utilize this as a journal.....and just in case I cannot record youtube vids of my projects because you all know Iam a busy mother of 2 little ones =).. I have so many ideas and lots to share! Im extremely ecstatic, now that I have a blog I can be able to leave you ladies comments on your blog and participate in blog hops and blog candy giveaways.. so HOORAY!"
"I wish all of you a wonderful Sweetest Day, and a great Autumn weekend."
"Alban is my, nearly, four year old boy in question and he is off to school in September. Oh Alban, Alban, Alban, where has the time gone?"
"To God, you are still His child!"
"J is a 13 year old boy much like our R but I just don't feel the connection. Q is an 11 year old girl who has such a beautiful face and a head of natural black hair. In her I see my daughter just like I see my son in R. Both are African American. Both R and Q would complete our family."
"Digital Drawing and Painting"
"I put a casserole in the oven (the taco thingy) at 4:30ish, and the big kids came home around 5pm. Jimmy woke up around then, and Captain America came home at 5:30pm. The kids ate, Captain America and I made our food, and we all went about our various activities. We had Family Home Evening at 6:30pm, and it was all about the importance of Education. How we only get to take from this life the knowledge that we gain here. It was pretty good. Then, we played 3 rounds of Kung Fu Panda Uno. I won. By a landslide. It was awesome! hehehe."
"Alexander still stared when she stalked towards him, transfixed by the sky-blue of her eyes, noticing the knife in her hands only because its blade had the same dangerous glint. Even her dress was blue, although now stained with dark spots of water. And yet, he never hand seen something more beautiful. Never mind her angry glare, the threateningly raised weapon or her rather dishevelled and untidy state. Had Alexander been old enough, he would have known that he was about to fall in love."
"VESTRI OPTI: You say on your website that international Human Resources is not the same as U.S. Human Resources. It is a “whole other world”. What must companies consider when dealing with the differences in working cultures?"
"Organised sea swims are becoming increasingly popular in Cayman, as evidenced in the record number of people – 700- who participated in last year’s one-mile Flowers Sea Swim along Seven Mile Beach in Grand Cayman."
"Well thats all for now. Thanks for reading and take care!"
"age in order to gain access to this site may be a violation of local, state and federal law. You"
"Whaaaaaaat?"
"I want to put this on record now. I don’t believe that Atkinson favoured either team. Yes, the sending off was in Liverpool’s favour but there were a number of other challenges that should’ve been punished considerably harsher than they were included a particularly X-rated challenge from Tony Hibbert that could and should have been a red card."
"\"But how can you possibly know that I wanted--\""
"To be in the draw you must:"
"All the other sequels have been on this summer into holiday season. Harry Ford would just round out the holiday hohoHO! quite well."
"3. We aren't fully vaccinating. In fact, presently, we aren't vaccinating at all. Until I've done enough research to know what is going into her and why. And when we do it'll be on our own schedule. Three injections in one day is not happening (don't call CPS)."
"Jupiter is a favorite sight in small telescopes – and to see the four Gallilean moons you really should use a telescope – any telescope. I have a tiny, 50mm “department store” telescope that mounted on an ordinary camera tripod does an excellent job showing the moons of Jupiter. It is possible to see them with binoculars if you have good eyesight and can hold the binoculars really steady – lean against a building, or better yet, mount them on a tripod."
"and left them on the roadsides"
"Now that you've seen my work, (and read my long and rambling post) head on over to Traci's site and see what she's working on today. Knowing Traci, it'll be something cool--cause I've got faith in her too."
"Matching thread looks best...but as you'll see I didn't for two of my cardigans. You use so little thread with this project...and I'm cheap. :)"
"Since I couldn't find a chalkboard eraser at the office supply store by my work, I picked up this microfiber cloth in the $1 bin there thinking it'd probably work. And I'm pleased to say that it did and it was cheaper than the $3 chalkboard eraser they were out of stock. It doesn't have any washing instructions but I'll probably throw it in the washing machine at some point."
"The last time I looked at the official site I couldn’t determine much information by way of subscriptions but, what does it matter when (I’m so excited anyway? Plus, WoW, Lineage II (before going f2p), SWTOR, Rift and even Aion (again, before f2p) were the standard $15/mo with possible discounts if you paid for more months in advance. A few bucks in either direction would be okay with me to at least get my excited little hands on this possible gem, so lack of information never concerned me."
"i have long been obsessed with crosses. something so simple yet beautiful. i am very picky about cross jewelry though. so picky that i dont own any cross pieces because i am very particular. these asos stacking rings are nice to look at but i am afraid of the quality being horrible since the price is so cheap ($14). i recently made a cross ring purchase, but alas i shan't tell until it arrives :)"
"I have a friend who is an exterminator and I had said I wasn't worried about bedbugs, because he treats them commercially and told me what to look for, I have a steamer, and I check my bed every time I change the sheets. She asked me if I have him come over and do any steaming, could I get him to come over to her place. I swear, she makes me want to punch myself in the fucking face. Get the fuck up off my cock, and call your own fucking exterminator, instead of trying to get free shit from people. I told her, I can do it myself, I'll only call him if I see anything I think is bedbugs, and she might want to invest in a steamer if she was worried about it. MJ asked her again who has fucking bedbugs, because that's something everyone in the building has the right to know. She refused to tell him. So tomorrow, he's going to go to the homeowner's association meeting, and tell them that Chatty Patty told us some mysterious asshole in the building has bedbugs, and won't say who, so we're assuming it must be.............HER."
"Victorian women saved their hair in a small ceramic bowl with a hole in its top called a hair receiver. After accumulating a good amount of locks, the hair would be used to make a hair picture or bracelet. These hair crafts were the result of years of saving actual human hair."
"1/2 c Israeli couscous"
"So I decided it started then and there. Healthy eating and exercising, water, loving myself, they all deserve to be priorities."
"One of the essential aspects of the use of the Name of Jesus then is the “binding of the mind.” This is an expression used in the nineteenth century eastern spiritual teacher Theophan the ReCluse. He advices his disciples to “bind the mind with one thought – or the thought of One only.” It is this process of binding which is the purpose of meditation. What is meant by meditation? In generally been used to describe a way of disciplined thinking, an ascetic al exercise marked by discipline and sobriety. It involves pursuing one line of thought and renouncing all others. It is therefore a method of reducing the range of activity of the mind, allowing it to center on one point, to focus."
"The best part for me was watching Aislinn grow. Throughout this series, she’s been tough at times, but mostly she’s flopped about trying to figure out her new role while keeping her true love with her. That’s pretty tough to do with the sexy and worldly Keenan tempting you and evil fae trying to kill or unseat you. But when both her love interests seemingly abandon her, she’s had it. And she takes action She’s determined to get her court back in order and to sort out her love life — no matter what. Yes, at times I found both Keenan and Seth exasperating and wished she’d dump both of ‘em (ditto for Donia), but in the end, Ash stays true to herself, as do the other characters."
"Then I ended up working a ton of hours at work for two weeks and guess what? Matt rented that super duper jack hammer for only $50 because it only took him two hours to do."
"...And now I am placing myself on a shopping ban."
"And is really in need."
"All occupational categories reported growth in employment, but high-skilled categories (management and professionals) reported the strongest growth (+4.7%), reflecting the economy's ongoing reorientation toward high-skilled positions. Clerks, service workers and sales and marketing staff reported strong growth (+8.0%), reflecting the relative economic buoyancy of the consumer sectors of the economy."
"This got us to talking about how most “older” readers like my mom and aunty’s age theoretically should like ebook readers over paperback or hardcover books, for the simple fact that they can adjust the font size to be as large as they need it to be. Also, for the iPad at least, the screen is larger, although you have a heaver device with the larger screen."
"Ragnar Cape Cod was chaotic, exhausting, challenging, hilarious and strange....I wouldn't change a minute of it! I am SO glad I did it!"
"He staggered through the bar and pulled the door open, pausing as a subtle draft carried in the sands of a far away desert."
"Craft breweries have responded to consumer demand with a rush toward cans. Ska's top-selling beer, Modus Hoperandi IPA, is sold primarily in cans. Durango's largest brewery just last year repackaged its summer seasonal, Mexican Logger, and greatly increased the lager's production and distribution."
"A roller coaster ride"
"1. All cassava get same skin but all nah taste same way. Though people may look alike because of their mode of dress, they are different in their ways."
"The thing about people is... they get obsessive. We all have a need for diversion. Diversion doesn't mean we don't care. It just means we don't go crazy with grief and sadness."
"Other items to consider:"
"Read a memoir or narrative nonfiction book. (Examples: Friday Night Lights, When the Game Stands Tall, The Devil in the White City, etc.)"
"I am blown away by Sara-J’s generosity and kindness – and the pictures and her thoughtfulness could not have come on a better day!"
"E@L says to himself, what the fuck, he isn't driving and skips this pretense. He finishes the entire tasting sample of the last few, including the Eligo shiraz, he doesn't know about wine but he knows what he likes, then the last one, a sticky white. Gulp."
"I am not a lesbian. I am not gay. I am not bisexual. I am not transgender. I am a heterosexual male. Most important of all, I am a human being, as is anyone who identifies as LGBT."
"Break In"
"The new iPhone also contains Qualcomm Gobi Baseband chips that allow it to operate on both GSM and CDMA networks. We can’t yet confirm or deny the rumors that Apple was building a virtual SIM card system or if it has an NFC chip yet, however."
"during the workout. The five basic components of physicalfitness: cardiorespiratory or aerobic endurance, muscular endurance, muscular"
"In addition to all the rough treatment at home, it seems that Jesse was always sick."
"27.THREE \"Domino Days\""
"She put my dad on the phone, another thing she never did, and he told me that she was no longer caring for any kids after school. Mom was a 30 year teacher of special needs children and when she retired she converted her garage into a place she could watch children. She decorated it with things from her classroom. My dad also told me that she could no longer walk and she was using a wheelchair."
"A year later and I'm dolled up in my gothy hippy gear and perched on a bench in the Leeds Warehouse. It's 1988, Friday night, and the speakers are pumping out indie rock and acid house. Unbeknownst to my retro rock chums, who contemptuously frowned upon any new emerging musical genre, dance became my secret guilty pleasure. I've always been a rhythm girl at heart preferring the actual music to lyrical content so it was only a matter of time before I threw off my guitar heels and strapped on my dancing trainers."
"As for Army and St. Francis of New York, both are currently in 8th place in their respective conferences, which does not exactly scream “potential tourney run”, especially for Army, since there are only eight teams in the Patriot League."
"Toss thoroughly to coat evenly. A tong is perfect tool for this job. Or use chopsticks."
"This word of the Lord came to pass in the next Chapter, 22:38."
"According to Biocentrism, space and time are not the hard objects we think. Wave your hand through the air – if you take everything away, what’s left? Nothing. The same thing applies for time. You can’t see anything through the bone that surrounds your brain. Everything you see and experience right now is a whirl of information occurring in your mind. Space and time are simply the tools for putting everything together."
"13And these wine-skins were new when we put the wine in them, and now they are cracked as you see; and our clothing and our shoes have become old because of our very long journey here."
"as he can't catch his breath. Yet despite the prognosis, Simba is still with us, even though every winter we say, 'I don't think he'll last another year'..."
"brown chicken in 1 teaspoon butter. Transfer to an 11-in. x 7-in."
"14. Life's Been Good (Joe Walsh song)"
"Still, there will be difficult days ahead. The enormous sacrifices of our men and women are not over. But tonight, I’d like to tell you how we will complete our mission and end the war in Afghanistan."
"And of course, if iPads are useful in formal education, what is their potential role in informal learning situations such as museums and visitor centres? Our July newsletter highlights Tauranga Art Gallery’s first go at incorporating iPads into the Lynley Dodd exhibition. On pedestals child-high; yeah they had a clear idea of their target audience."
"But as Doug pointed out in his Comment with regard to my last Post in which I took issue with the Telegraph's wild over-estimate for 3 babies sharing the same birth date, the odds change greatly if you don't specify a particular couple and a particular birth date. The odds for a particular couple having 3 babies all born on the same date may be around 133,000 to one, but if you have 133,000 couples each having 3 babies, then you are very likely indeed to have one couple with 3 babies sharing a same birth date. Doug points out in his Comment that you only need 23 people in a room for there to be a more than 50% chance that two of them will share the same birth date. If you have 60 people in a room it is virtually certain that two of them will share the same birth date."
"Basically, the original blog that caught my attention went with the idea of “the boss is always right”. This type of blog, well hell, it came off as being an advertisement for a huge jobs board. That’s part of the problem in the good old USA. We are beginning to take too much shit from people who otherwise should have their asses put in check. We all have wanted to tell the boss fall into a bag of dicks, but most will never. Most will never rock the boat. I say rock it until he/she pees their pants, terminates without prejudiced, or basically gets a clue. Management is in charge of nothing without your work product.If the new woman at the office is hot, and the boss is a guy that automatically pays her better, gives her a better cubicle, and allows her more freedoms, then yeah dumbass, he’s trying to bone her. Don’t get in the way unless you have balls of steel. Tell him to fuck himself. Tell her that he’s trying to buy her off. Cock block if she isn’t doing it already. Serves the prick right."
"I am staying really busy... this week Denver, Co. Next weekend New Jersey!"
"Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?"
"He added: “There are clearly areas of the country where it can be accommodated and they really need to be properly researched so it can be done with less impact on what is a thriving community.”"
"1 teaspoon pepper"
"Fortunately, I have a secret runner girl inside that I constantly suppress. Yes, I am one of those weirdos who loves to run! And I don't run with an iPod or music. I run to run and to feel the breeze and enjoy the beauty! I ran track for 3 years and cross country for one when I was in high school and I ran a lot of my freshman year of college, then I just stopped. So I'm excited and annoyed. I think it will be really good for me, and I have kind of wanted to start again. It's just finding the motivation and not thinking of it as inconvenient."
"EARLIER this month Wellington hosted a Belgian brewer now based in NZ. Dave De Vylder from East Flanders in Belgium trained as an electrical engineer and served in the army before retraining as a brewer. He met and married Kiwi teacher Susan Kiener who was doing her OE in Europe. The couple lived in Switzerland until an opportunity presented itself that meant they could move to NZ."
"Definitions are always imperfect — somebody will probably argue that I’ve left something out of the above — but I think this one can be accepted (as a stipulation if need be) since it is the kind of cryonic suspension mentioned therein that is of concern in this series. The series explores the ethical arguments arising from the question: should we have ourselves cryogenically suspended?"
"Communication is integral in today’s pay for performance incentive environment. That’s why it’s an important activity to measure."
"We had a family portrait done this summer. My cousin Cory Parris did the shoot. He's a terrific photographer, and we ended up with several lovely photos to choose from. Do you know the one I chose? It's the one where our formal pose has collapsed and we're all cracking up laughing. That is the family I love and enjoy and want to remember always."
"But it is one of the great misconceptions, a Protestant retrospective, to put it another way, that Catholics were always ready to obey the Pope in political as well as religious matters; they were not, either before or after the Reformation. By and large English Catholics remained loyal to Elizabeth and her successors, the aberration of the Gunpowder Plot notwithstanding. More than that, as the century progressed they were among the most loyal, as the Civil Wars proved."
"Tasman/ Nelson/Marlborough/West Coast 4.9% to 5.9% (5,000 to 6,100)"
"Milky Way - beige (taken from the music paper background) - 240.224.200"
"I was a late bloomer in every other respect, but I guess my precocious breasts decided to lead the charge into adulthood. Whether I liked it or not (at that point, it was definitely not), I was going home with my new 34C bras, and reluctantly leaving the last shreds of my childhood behind in that dressing room."
"In the end, maybe the USAAF was right. It's good he didn't fly, that he didn't end up as feathers in the ocean. He lived a relatively long, happy life, married 50 years to my grandmother. He helped raise me in a wonderful small town in Ohio. In 1998, he got to meet my daughter, his great-granddaughter - who is named after his wife, Laura."
"She sent us all a picture of her holding it and a video."
"We read, Recycle, and made a list of ways we can save the earth. Then the kids made the handprint My Earth Day Promise pages I found on pinterest they loved it!!"
"It then refers to a third party site to geo-locate users on a map and reveal further information."
"I laid a skirt (that I liked the length on) on the pants, with waistbands together. You could also try them on & just cut off a couple inches below where you want the hem."
"Sessions responded:"
"Lately, we have seen national and local politicians hugging the limelight in all types of media mouthing their political plans, making political tie-ups and seeking political patronage."
"- Splitcoast Stampers"
"in this turbulent night"
"Then we thought a quick troll round the shops would be in order"
"Sunday night we had our “Last Night Out” although we didn’t know it at the time. Dan hung out with some friends playing games and watching football while I hung out with some girlfriends, eating popcorn & talking. We wrapped things up and got home a little before midnight, somewhat late for us. I felt the need to clean up a few dishes before heading to bed. I’d been trying to keep things clean knowing that at anytime I could go into labor, but this was the first time I felt a burst of energy to do them… I guess it’s true that you get a burst of energy before going into labor."
"Reality vs the challenge"
"Mojo Hanna by Andre Williams"
"Sprinkle salt, pepper, and garlic powder on each side of the lamb chops. Add Garlic oil to a medium heat pan. Then cook for 5 minutes on each side, and 2 to 3 minutes on the edges. That’s it! So simple, yet so tasty."
"All in all, this one was a good episode, goofy and stupid as it was. There are barely a handful of such episodes throughout, and unfortunately with this one being so early I hoped that this would mark an improvement in the series as a whole. As you can probably tell, no, no it didn’t. Aside from the unbelievability of Inori given a shit about Shu (expecting anyone to is kinda pushing it, to be fair) to the extent that she’ll basically kill herself (she couldn’t have known that she’d be gravitationally slowed down) by jumping off a very tall building, this episode was actually rather well written – especially in regards to the motives of the GHQ and the Undertakers and Shu’s potential betrayal. I mean, it obviously doesn’t happen, but the possibility still exists."
"As soon as they are out of sight, we jump into the front seat and start messing about with the car controls, and generally arsing about."
"Dies: Lil Inkers (rainbow), My Favorite Things (heart) & Papertrey Ink (grass layers)"
"1. All prophecies concerning the kingdom are being fulfilled now by the church"
"There was a water stop at mile 9, and I stopped to walk through it (I walked through all the water stops, it's too hard to run and drink for us clumsy people). It also got about 10 degrees colder in the span of a minute, and began a light, icy rain. And my legs held a mutiny. My legs were so cold, and my muscles were tightening up by the second. Then, my hamstrings cramped up and REFUSED to run. I couldn't even get them to shuffle slowly."
"amphibians with golden crowns and sapphire eyes"
"But even before we get to that, I think this is a good time to show you the evolution of this room to date."
"In itself, the tale of the publication of Into the Cannibal’s Pot: Lessons For America From Post-Apartheid South Africa bears telling. For while this polemic respects no political totems or taboos, it is faithful to facts. These facts cried out to be chronicled. They should not have had a struggle to find their way into print."
"No worse for wear and not even a crack or tear. I guess I did not need to hide it after all. Next time I'll try and not make it fall when I am doing whatever it is I do when Pat is not home to view. Or maybe it was my Birthday gift today to Pat. I re-used and could not wrap for I am a cat. Then I made him seek it out and it still worked so he did not pout. Anyway, buckle your laptops down when the cat comes to trespass because you just never know when humpty laptop might take a great fall thanks to my little rhyming ass."
"some of the parts where they were unable to confess their love for one another made me so mad, like it was right there, just say it, but then again it was a movie and you just have to just watch it through and everything will resolve itself later. as for the ending, my sister and i was mad because we wanted a longer one and something more, and now, that’s gonna happen as there will be a sequel to the movie, rumored to be titled First Love: 9 Years After… or something like that, i don’t remember."
"And sadly returned empty handed."
"Think that Women’s Studies and the opening of the literary canon mean that gender inequities in publishing are a thing of the past? Check out these stats, compiled by VIDA: Women In Literary Arts. The data, which they gathered last year as well, OVERWHELMINGLY suggest a disturbingly deep and widespread bias. Although this caused quite the kerfuffle in literary blogs and in editorials, seemingly little has changed within the last year."
"* In a small bowl, cream butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and extracts. Gradually add flour and salt; mix well. Divide in half; flatten and wrap each portion in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or until easy to handle."
"Don’t worry I know there are studies out there about everything, we are made to feel guilty about everything that we do. I’m sure the fact that I am putting butter and peanut butter onto the toast probably does more harm than taking the crusts off! Anyway, I’ll try and keep the crusts on and will hope that Miss F might accidentally bite into them and think that they are actually ok."
"For a lot of us homemakers, our grocery bill is the easiest area to save money in. Any college student can tell you that Ramen noodles, bologna, and peanut butter will fill you up and save some cash, but when you are feeding a family you need a little more variety than that. One of our favorite go to frugal meals is chicken and rice. Not only is it frugal and filling, it makes a lot and is easy to clean up afterwards. We can usually eat for two or three days off a pot of chicken and rice. Even my somewhat picky husband doesn’t complain about leftovers if its this dish!"
"Hennessy's reference is: Peter Catterall (ed.), 'The Macmillan Diaries: The Cabinet Years, 1950-1957' Macmillan. 2003 p 382"
"Does anyone know if there are any openings in the editorial department at Tiger Beat? I think I would be really in my element there."
"small stone, day eighteen:"
"SUBJECT: Kitten"
"I got the evites sent out. All of my Dad's brothers and his sister live quite a distance from my parents. 2 out of 3 said they were coming. Both my mom's brother, who lives out of state and sister (who lives minutes from my parents) as well as her 2 kids and their family/significant replied they would also be in attendance. Every thing was going perfectly."
"It provides… just the right amount of pressure to perform…"
"Jesus also gives us this great parable:"
"And for those who haven’t seen my face, ha ha.. some said my gravater is weird ok. here it is:…."
"Skin can crave. I have learned this"
"- Letting go of insecurities"
"17 - Sabbath Bloody Sabbath intro only Paranoid"
"Dinosaur Hand: Woo woo wooooo. Indiana rules."
"The students are divided into two categories- Internal and External. Internal scholarships are given to children, youth, and adults to study a course within the Cultural Center. The scholarship covers the student’s monthly fees and, in some cases, their class supplies as well. The external scholarships support students from Batahola Norte and the surrounding neighborhoods to continue studying their elementary, secondary, or university education. Students use the scholarship to help pay for their uniform, school supplies, and transportation costs."
"Very Important Announcement, that is:"
"Below are some examples of different types of shop fittings you may want to consider and their possible uses."
"Yet, he said, it is often our mightiest projects that most obviously betray the degree of our insecurity. The construction of fortifications, for instance....clearly showed how we feel obliged to keep surrounding ourselves with defences."
"For nearly 2 years I have been thinking of buying an Amazon Kindle e book reader but always put it off. Now they are sold locally I had a peek and after several weeks decided I would like one, more importantly I would use it."
"I thought to buy this shirt for JR."
"This was proving to be a very long five minutes indeed."
"Back it: Bray +1 is 13/10 with Paddy Power. As mentioned, they won four times against UCD last season. It may be a weaker Bray side but they are capable of frustrating any opponent in the league."
"32. (1) Before or after a person is accused of an offence under this Act, no matter likely to lead members of the public to identify a person as the complainant in relation to that accusation shall either be published in Trinidad and Tobago in a written publication available to the public or be broadcast in Trinidad and Tobago except where, on the application of the complainant, the Court directs that the effect"
"Feeling an unavoidable kinship at her situation, I laughed a little which did not sit well with her. “No problem ma’am, would seventy-five cents put you over the top?” I asked."
"Collecting Skulls"
"The girls are using a Tea Set, my sister gave to me years ago."
"another frame project that i'm itching to try is a framed monogram first spied from megan at HONEY WE'RE HOME. she created it by using a patterned scrapbook paper as the background, colored paper for the cut-out letters, scrapbook tapes and any frame you may not use at home. it looks like a million bucks - i love it!"
"All of a sudden the money issue has arisen. I knew that would happen, I just couldn't pinpoint exactly it would happen. Now I know, today."
"2012 is already shaping up to be a fantastic and extremely unpredictable season. I had no idea what to expect, going into today’s race and it really was anybody’s game. Mercedes had a fantastic qualifying session on Saturday, with Nico Rosberg finally getting his first pole. Michael Schumacher qualified a respectable 3rd, but started on the front row in 2nd, after Lewis Hamilton received a 5 grid spot penalty, for a gear box change."
"HAPPY 8TH BIRTHDAY, JAMES ALEX II!!"
"Direct instruction provides six steps that I feel would work well in Special Education. Direct instruction provides individualized, clear, concise expectations and measureable outcomes."
"More client-balling news as I have it."
"They shared a smile of pride, then Thackery’s slowly faded. “But that dog Ewan is still sniffing around, whining and dining her. I do not know what he wants from her, but he wants something.”"
"Chips of my love for you, falling away with every strike!"
"so irrepressibly that her narcissi cringe,"
"As for the original question, how many pairs of shoes does a man need? I don’t know. While I see no need to give Imelda Marcos a run for her money, in my case I feel a need just a few more pairs. Having developed a decent collection in black and brown I feel ready now to broaden my colour palette."
"I do not have a full-fledged allergy*, but I am intolerant to all things wheat. Also, I love cooking from scratch and preparing very healthy meals. My philosophy is that if it's real food that comes from nature, it's automatically better for you than what comes from a lab and/or factory. And to be honest, the writing life is not conducive to a fit, healthy body. We sit all day at our computers, maybe getting up once or twice to go to the bathroom. This isn't good for the waistline. Let's help our bodies out by eating healthy, nutrient rich foods!"
"I only hope next year is full of more bubble tea, more cuddles, more laughs, and overcoming obstacles. No real big resolutions - except to not lose my temper with my dad since I'll be around him a lot more with no classes. Wish me luck?"
"Although it still seems like yesterday."
"Of course, the Byrnes cat herd is small, consisting of only two cats."
"TOMORROW: social commerce is expected to grow (forecasted $30 billion in 2015). The role of social media will continue to grow in the world of online shopping and beyond. From online to offline: the social aspects of the web will improve shopping experience in-store."
"This is Thursday and the mum is only worn at school and during the game on Friday. The best is yet to come..... The dance, the limo rental, the dress or suit, the dinner at some fancy restaurant, the professional photos, the after dance party at someone's house ....."
"For now, I'll give you MY recipe. For what I've created so far after three tries, which is a pretty good lip and body balm albeit a tiny bit bland. I'll be adding some essential oils (wow, Hi, Hippie) to the next batch in my quest to create my ideal body balm, so you can come back for that if you like."
"I knocked on their window and said jokingly that I was the KKK member they were looking for."
"Then we found a helpful shopping list for non-GMOs (non-genetically modified organisms). And we decided to try to eat 100% organic for the time being, including grass-fed beef, cage-free chicken, and dairy products that are organic and do not continue r-BGH (bovine growth hormone). Eventually, we want to remove more and more processed foods from our diet even if the food is organic. But you have to start somewhere, right?"
"Yes, yes. But I do have some of the gear, supplies, and such, for some of my doings. And, yeah, I know, I'm not the fastest kid on the block. But... look at how long it took me to move in the first place. Hmm, was it four or five years before I finally made it out here. Heck, when I finally decided it was time to leave my last fiancee, it took... a year, no... two. Somehow, even with me gearing up for it and talking about, it still startled her. *grins* She, \"You can actually... you know... do things, walk, pack\"! Yep. Later. I don't know if I will get to all of it, or any of it, frankly. Though I suspect I will. Having a few things done leads to more. And as I become... more sure... things will take less time to deliberate. Most of my work will probably need to be summer projects, which will cut down on what I do. But summer(ness) can be up to four, five, even six months around these parts. Oh, hush. I'll do what I do, when I can, as I may. I might even surprise you. Well, given my penchant, how can I NOT surprise you? Heh. I love me some womenz flak. Heh."
"82. It’s A Wonderful Life (Henry Fonda)"
"Monday I ran nine miles while we were at my parents' house. Usually I run around their area, weaving in and out of neighborhoods, but I just couldn't stomach the thought of all that weaving. So I opted to run on the busier streets. I think I preferred it, but it sure as heck took quite a while to get through all the intersections. I also took a walk break shortly after the 8th mile. Ended up finishing with a 9:16 pace."
"“The sustained decline in both prison and jail populations has produced no adverse effects on public safety,” stated Marc Mauer, Executive Director of The Sentencing Project. “We now have the opportunity to free up resources for public safety initiatives that do not depend on record rates of incarceration.”"
"If you are interested in making your own, The Little Blue House is going to offer a weekly class to create two tags each session - starting after Christmas. We will also be offering kits. Watch for more information soon."
"* one 5.5 oz Carmex Healing Lotion"
"charmed people even though they were rich"
"The youngest of a family of eight who all died in the disaster, Sidney Goodwin was a third-class passenger traveling with his parents and five siblings from England to New York on the Titanic’s maiden voyage."
"As she begins her seventh month in prison, those campaigning for Sori have published her letters from prison on the Internet. In them she exposes the details of what has happened to her in custody and writes, “I am willing to die but I did not commit any crime.” As civil liberties groups and women’s organizations remind us, she criticized the human rights abuses of the state and this can be considered a “crime” in the “world’s largest democracy.”"
"Tell-tale signs of FATIGUE connected with RA are a frequent state of weariness and tiredness, or “unrelenting exhaustion”(1), per the Mayo Clinic. According to the Johns Hopkins Arthritis Center, “FATIGUE is common in all patients with an inflammatory arthritis such as psoriatic arthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. It is likely multifactorial. Medications, lack of mobility and exercise, sleep disturbance, chronic systemic inflammation and in some cases depression can all play a role.”(2)"
"I did do some changes to the pattern--"
"It got dark, the driver (me) was tired, but no hotels seemed to be in the vicinity. All we could do was continue. We’d beeen driving three hours. I kept on checking the GPS for hotels – and then suddenly a lot of hotels started to appear in the town Gua Musang, which we were approaching. We turned off at this town and started looking at the hotels as we drove by. Most seemed best avoided, but we stopped at one, checked the room, and initially it seemed OK – not great, but OK, – seeing as it was now dark, we’d eat out, sleep, and leave at first light. There were no double rooms, or delux doubles, so we had to take a more expensive room. I think the charge was RM116."
"And to make love, not war - here are some MILFs:"
"10. Weight Loss"
"2) America’s Top Magazines: Still Not Hiring Women Do we really have to educate editors that women can bring new perspectives on major stories, and not just to stories about living as a single woman or going through a divorce?"
"And now your eyes seem lifeless"
"“Macedonians and Albanians have common history. The same rulers ruled and used the same measures towards them both. Whatever the truth about the Macedonian-Albanian relations, it should be viewed from more sides,” Rizvan Sulejmani, professor at Tetovo State University, told SETimes."
"Today, I watched a documentary called the “Nature of Existence.” The filmmaker, named Roger Nygard, chronicles answers to those “big questions”–like the meaning of life–by interviewing people from around the world, including hard-core Indian ascetics, fiery evangelists, physicists, artists, and waitresses. Some dash off the questions with a humorous observation, others admit their own ignorance, and some weave stories substantiated by absolute conviction."
"Romans 11:5-7"
"Western herbal medicine recommends hawthorn (Crataegus laevigata or C. oxyacantha) to help prevent long-term angina, since this herb strengthens heart muscles’ ability to contract."
"I am obsessive about visiting art galleries and museums and this gallery is one of our favorites! Situated on the waterfront in a super modern building, this gallery has the most inspiring and innovative exhibits, the sweetest gift shop and - yay! - ample parking. Plus, Thursday nights are free!"
"8. Don't Make Me Over"
"watching old movies on netflix"
"---- aside over ----"
"This should suggest two things. First, conservative arguments that our tax system is too progressive and that we simply can’t solve our problems by raising taxes on the rich are disingenuous at best. If a mere 3% increase can generate $55 billion a year, then returning to the 50% top bracket that the rich enjoyed in the notoriously liberal years of 1982-1986, could easily generate enough revenue to put a massive dent in our fiscal problems. Second, an income tax surcharge could easily finance a robust Job Insurance system with a 5 million job reserve in about three years."
"could use some coffee. Want some?” Thorn led him to the back of the shop."
"Dea seems to have mood swings in regards to Math. She hates it, fights about doing it, and complains daily about it. Then, she decides to start creating her own Math dictionary, writing her own Math problems for fun, and doing a second Math program, just for kicks. Then, she's back to despising it. This makes it a rather miserable subject to cover with her."
"But he won't want to talk."
"On every vine appear"
"This novel is a textbook example of how historical fact and fiction should meet in a seamless, agreeable balance, so that one does not outweigh the other. Moreover the characters are well developed, and as far as I could determine, historically accurate. I rate is fairly-well faultless. Five bees."
"At the end of one axis pearly Mumbles bobs in a cornflower sea, while at the other Port Talbot steams in the sulphurous Sun. Between them curls the Bay, a drunken proscenium for the cast of local strolling players."
"I was last in line, and since we hadn’t had a “plan” for this, I was momentarily unsure as to what to do."
"The coming of digital brought with it a great confusion, mostly cause of the deceiving marketing... READ MORE"
"Well, I’m only going to do 3 types of decks today, but I’ll be doing more before Friday if I have the time. I’ll be focusing on Human decks, GR Beatdown, Token, and other possibly new metagame decks in my next post. Thanks for reading, and if you think there are other cards that will be played in these decks, be sure to share them with us here!"
"I think I'll start a few pots to use inside this summer...they look so pretty on a shelf or mantel, with their long little runners hanging off the side."
"You can cut a small hole, or even a large hole depending on what kind of piping you’re doing. You can always use a zip lock bag as well to put your icing in and then cut a hole in one tip to pipe."
"I won’t feel like such a loser anymore."
"Limiting spell selection, limiting the ability to buy spells, limiting the number of spellcasters in the setting, these all go a long way in making magic, well, magical again."
"Judge Jackie Hatcher will rule on Fox's request June 3rd. We're predicting the Florence man won't receive that coveted designation. The Colbert County District Attorney's office is opposed to the request, especially in such a high profile crime. Many states use the age of 18 as a cut-off date for youthful offenders, and Fox was close to his 21st birthday at the time of his crime."
"Penny Dolan."
"“I had a dream last night”, said the butler."
"Poem for the Red Bridge Autumn Ceremony"
"I'm 38 weeks today! We have exactly 12 days until we're meeting Nolan Harper. Want to know how I know that? I can even tell you we'll be welcoming his shiny face into this world at noon on November 16th..."
"-Odor causing bacteria destroyed in kitchen and bath"
"Bela Koe-Krompecher's 26th birthday party at Stache's in Columbus, Ohio, June 18, 1994. The party actually started at 3:00 PM in Bela's backyard. Kegs were flowing, and Pete Jamison manned the grill, while Bela's grandmother, (beer in hand), presided over the whole affair from a lazy boy in the middle of the yard. Records were traded, lies were told, and perception was severely impaired. Around 10:00 PM the party went mobile, stumbling a few blocks away to Stache's. The drink of choice was Rolling Rock, and before GBV took the stage, at least one band member caught a nap."
"“…far from being irrelevant, our metaphysical beliefs are the finally determining factor in our actions.”"
"I often wish my mom were here so we could go back and talk about these things. I wish I could visit that horrible fashion-show scene with her now that I'm a grown woman and could have words for her there. I wish we could talk about why appearance was so important and where she wounded me in that. I wish we could cry together and talk and work through the hard things that made our mother-daughter relationship so tense and strained."
"The only major character with a flaw is Hugh, and his only flaw is that he’s naive and easily led. Miss Fisher’s Murder Mysteries is reminding me an awful lot of last year’s Wild Boys. Wild Boys was also a fluffy, enjoyable-if-you-don’t-think-about-it-too-much, mostly forgettable series populated by way-too-nice good guys and scenery chewing bad guys. I thought Miss Fisher’s was supposed to be the sexy, fun, adult murder mystery series not afraid to take risks and yet it gives us this sterile, white bread, drag of a show with these goody-goody characters who are always on the side of the angels. I don’t need every character in every television show to be Walter White or Tony Soprano, but it would be good if they had some character traits that seemed like they could possibly belong to an actual human being."
"I believe we are now fully able to work on the Orphanage fee, that will be about $7000. This covers the orphanage caring for my child and the children who will not be adopted. Less than 1% of the 147 Million Orphans will be adopted....So, truly, raising that fee might be the most emotional aspect of this.... Not that I don't appreciate paying the amazing team at Lifeline for doing what they do."
"This house is often referred to as the Truman Capote house, because the author lived and worked there for a number of years. Capote even wrote about the house and his love for Brooklyn Heights in an essay called “A House on the Heights,” in which he — much to the gratification of all Brooklynites — opened the essay by declaring \"I live in Brooklyn. By choice.\""
"Thankfully I never saw the video until today."
"XOXOXO"
"back to the story..."
"Article 15 An agriculture administrative department of the people’s government at the county level or above shall work out a plan on the pollution prevention and protection of places of origin of agricultural products and integrate it into its plan on development of agriculture and rural economy."
"I've been forced to sit still. And as I sat, I learned to hear the quiet."
"Price: $11.95 (can)"
"So clearly, so unexpectedly, I truly almost fell over. Although it was not the answer any of us expected. It was the polar opposite from what I expected. I was left reeling."
"Settle down."
"And a modest proposal. If the Simon Wisenthal Center is leading the charge against Zionophobia, may I suggests a few additional targets? How about a campaign against pedocidophobia, which is, to paraphrase a famous if defunct EUMC definition, \"a certain perception of sodliers which may be expressed as hatred towards soldiers who shoot and kill children.\""
"Photography: Alfred & Emma Salom (absolutely wonderful to work with and amazing pictures!)"
"Guess who's the Guest of Honor at the New York Building Congress's 91st Anniversary Leadership Awards Luncheon, to be held 5/10/12? None other than Bruce Ratner. Tables start at $25,000."
"\"But it’s his laughter that’s the best. It feels clean and pure, with no hidden malice or cruelty—just joy. I haven’t heard laughter like that in such a long time. It makes me want to laugh with him, to find the world beautiful.\""
"6. . . . never buy jewelry that costs more than a small child or medium-sized village."
"So why, you may ask, am I adjoin to agenda distribution? I am absolute alert of what comes with it. Yes, it is added convenient, and in a lot of cases, cheaper (especially if you yield traveling costs into account), but it aswell takes a lot of ascendancy abroad from the consumer:"
"Me: Easy. Pour and drink."
"So back to Acts 8:"
"She told me son, you better go upstairs"
"In any case, as every author who wishes to get published knows (or will very soon learn), rejections go with the territory. But, it might be nice to learn that you're in good company:"
"Malcolm offering advice on Elaine’s White Pine"
"If need be, cut or break carcass into pieces will fit in a large stock pot and add the carcass to the pot. Add vegetables, thyme, bay leaves, peppercorns, and water. Place pot over high heat and bring to a full boil. Reduce heat and simmer uncovered for about two hours. Occasionally, skim off any foam that forms on the surface."
"in Germany - Friday @ Midnight"
"2. chronicle my adventures in motherhood"
"Today is another messy work day, so no outfit discussion today. Instead, I give you the first installment of my plus size shopping rant."
"Yes, Old Man Winter is welcome at my house along with his ice encrusted suitcase full of my memories. In fact, I look forward to our first Winter’s dance together, under the sky while snowflake confetti lightly touches my face and sticks to my eyelashes and I twirl under the beauty of it all feeling like the enthralled five year old of my dreams."
"Defamation is an act of communication that causes someone to be shamed, ridiculed, held in contempt, lowered in the estimation of the community, or to lose employment status or earnings or otherwise suffer a damaged reputation. Such defamation is couched in ‘defamatory language’. Libel and slander are subcategories of defamation. Defamation is primarily covered under state law, but is subject to First Amendment guarantees of free speech. The scope of constitutional protection extends to statements of opinion on matters of public concern that do not contain or imply a provable factual assertion."
"greasy spoon called The Windmill; drinking coffee just like proper gangsters. It is my contention that Party Time's plan to surreptitiously photograph the fronts of peoples' Credit Cards is an inspired criminal strategy....It allows for the fraudster to circumvent the time limit imposed when actually tea-leafing a Credit Card – the time limit due to the owner realising the card's gone and ringing his bank to cancel it. I mean...you got the details off the front of the card, photographed, and memorised the 3-digit security number on the back. Cunt's not gonna know what's happened till he gets his statement in and that could be weeks away – by then we coulda bought up half the department stores in Belfast on the fucker's dime."
"5. Don't eat it. I made myself eat the food I wrote about in #4. Why? Because I didn't want to waste all that food. Well, I already wrote about the hiccups. I'm pretty sure they are caused by the strange combination of chili sauce, soy sauce, Frank's hot sauce, and diced tomatoes. Gross!! Needless to say, Chris just pulled a pizza out of the oven. :-/"
"With a prayer for continued grace in the spreading and expression of the gospel in both Paul’s ministry and in the Thessalonians church, Paul turns his attention to one final detail. In light of all his comments concerning the end, Paul reminds them that the proper Christian practice is to work and not to become fatalistic. Paul refers them back to his conduct among them***"
"With the Oasis versions the design is the same in both cases and the shop version comes with a handy underslip. Rather cleverly, the press sample was photographed without the slip to emphasise the transparency of the fabric and the starry print, making comparisons with the Dolce and Gabbana dress inevitable. However, the both the print and fabric of the two dresses is quite different."
"(with a small laugh), No. I mean do what's necessary."
"Festival location: Slottskogen (Linnéplatsen / Majorna )"
"Physical Education"
"DL Hammons, Katie Mills, Lydia Kang, and Nicole Ducleroir are hosting the Déjà vu Blog fest today! How does it work? All of those taking part will re-post their favorite blog offering, or one that never received the exposure it should have. Then as the day unfolds and everyone hops from one blog to another, what they will be reading is the best of the best (as determined by you)."
"I want to choose to love."
"Beat butter in bowl of an electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy, about 1 minute. Reduce mixer speed to low. Add confectioners' sugar, 1 cup at a time, beating for a few seconds between each addition. Increase mixer speed to medium and beat for about 3 minutes. Add the coffee mixture and milk; beat on low speed to combine. Scrape down sides and bottom of the bowl. Increase mixer speed to medium and beat until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Frosts 18 cupcakes."
"It may not be the best movie of the year but it is definitely a fun one."
"Earlier this afternoon, Skorp and I had an interesting conversation about the talents of the Kiyosumi mahjong team in Saki (original series) and I thought it would be a nice post to expand on. While this has some spoilers for the original series, I’m only going to focus upon the play style of each of the Kiyosumi team. After we see more of the Achiga team, I should have an accompanying post for them. (TL note: the kanji for Kiyosumi can be read as “serene”, thus the title) When commenting please DO NOT POST SPOILERS FOR THE MANGA OR ACHIGA SERIES!"
"I hope that our family and friends near and far enjoy this blog where I hope to document our life through words and photography. Bare with me as this is a work in progress."
"She is still the smallest of all her sisters but this little chick has spirit, pluck, and a heart bigger than all of the White Mountains in her new state. She’s independent, clever, strong, and still likes to snuggle down while you cluck gentle endearments into her ear."
"“It is more probable that we are all MORONS!” said Arik with a rigorous shake of his head. “Anyway, I want to see that door again,” and began moving toward the plate."
"By guest writer, Annie Lawrence."
"After so much success with my writing skills, I decided to try my hand in other aspects of writing. Though not so good with most aspects of it(like grammar, punctuation’s etc) I got praise from lots of people and that praise was enough to inspire me to continue."
"Protection of Constitutional Democracy against Terrorist"
"The sad thing about the idiots that I’ve dealt with in the past couple days is that they forget that we are all part of a community and, sooner or later, we will run into each other again. Word of mouth goes a long way in a small town such as mine – I don’t think these morons realize this."
"this level of spending?"
"In this story the main Damphyr have a gift of connecting to one another in their dreams. After all, in this story, human women are impregnated by incubi in their sleep and awaken thinking it was all just a dream."
"Start with your analytics"
"To preserve the dialectical reading of his doctrine of scripture in Church Dogmatics, McCormack insists upon an actualist ontology to account for both Barth’s being and becoming. As McCormack argued to evangelicals, “Barth’s understanding of the being-in-becoming of Holy Scripture was a function of his commitment to the being-in-becoming of the God-human.” Everything, including God, has its being-in-becoming, but God does so in an absolute, self-determined sense, avoiding the unorthodox pantheism or panentheism Barth’s German counterparts adopted. Yet humans and their productions, including scripture, have their being-in-becoming only in a relative sense. Scripture has its becoming in the will of God, allowing it to become what is always was, the Word of God for the Church or those that respond in faith and obedience, but barring it from other persons or times at His will. Just as the human Jesus is not divinized and God is indirectly mediated or present in history, so the words of the human authors of scripture are not divinized, only indirectly becoming the Word of God. Therefore, it is the divine act that makes scripture what it is essentially, the Word of God."
"There was a place for comments afterwards and there were more than 200 comments. Many of them were of a forgiving nature...Britney became famous too young, it's the stress, it's her stage-mom etc.... Some were mean of course, (it's scary to know that people who say these things walk the earth!) But many of them appeared to be like me, they read the article because Bipolar Disorder was mentioned and they either had it, or had a family member with it."
"I am an unashamed fan of Fiona Walker's stunning examples of summer bonkbusters. They are witty, deeply clever at times, and always, but always, contain a wonderfully satisfactory love story. Novels best accompanied by a massive bar of chocolate for complete bodily satisfaction! You will not regret picking up French Relations: go to it! Buy!"
"The most interesting dimension of the promo is the rollback for the original buyers. It’s proof of the fragility of pre-sales. The developer probably realizes many of the early pre-sale buyers can’t/won’t complete on the original prices. My guess is the developer’s calculated it makes more sense to slash prices across the board than risk the time and expense of litigation."
"I trawled the back alleys of my cookbook collection, and here's the closest printed thing I could find right offhand to the above:"
"America’s police forces could do a lot to improve their relationship with the public, but often are unwilling to do so, a former Madison police chief turned Episcopal priest said Saturday."
"I sincerely think that this is the greatest chick flick of all time. Baby is such a great character; while she is obviously a romantic, she also has a strong head on her shoulders and a a hell of a lot of determination. The dancing is phenomenal, the soundtracks are perfect (I have both) and who doesn't love a little Patrick Swayze? If you didn't get in a chick flick this week (it was Valentine's Day) then I suggest you try this one this weekend. This is a movie that you can enjoy by yourself just as much as with a group of your girls. Either way, you'll have the time of your life!"
"What a difference a day makes. Yesterday I had my writers support group - what a blessing it is to me. We set personal and group goals, encouraged each other, and committed to honest feedback, not just \"attaboys\"."
"So there we have it. They don't make them like that any more (the sports jackets, the pop festivals or the pop stars), more's the pity. The Montreux Jazz Festival is still going strong though, which is kind of comforting in a way, even if it does involve jazz."
"PureVolume: You just released a new EP, Talk To Me, on April 3. How has the reaction been?"
"Not too bad for 64 years old me-thinks…"
"Kurt said they are right, Bobby scratched and clawed his way to win the tournament, and he was even hurt. What is it with these guys? All for one, one for all, are the they 5 Musketeers? You aren’t the least bit envious of Robert Roode, and wish you weren’t in the ring with the greatest wrestler of all time at Bound for Glory?"
"tortilla chips (about 1/3 cup)"
"“You did not come last night!” was his first comment."
"7 Under the Gun 3:49"
"I listen to a lot of movie soundtracks–the instrumental scores, that is–and imagine my own movie for the music to go to. Sometimes I find pieces that match a scene in my book, sometimes I just enjoy the emotional range that music can inspire. Sometimes I listen to music while writing, sometimes I just focus on the music. Listening also helps while I paint or draw, so long as it’s non-vocal, as it gives my excess mind something to do while the rest of my mind paints. It keeps me from getting bored and losing the inspiration to work."
"The look must be given some forgiveness because it came out in 1958, but it didn’t really work for me either. The fly was basically just a real fly with nail polish on its head, the human fly looked a little like a fly, but was more cute than scary, and the science-y stuff was what you would expect out of a 50’s movie. Their policy was mainly just to get as many flashing lights and multicolored neon tubes, and play some Theremin noises. I don’t know how a reel to reel player would help a teleportation machine, but they had their idea for how it would happen, I guess. But the looks of the two flies got on my nerves, not for the production of them, but for the idea of them. In the remake of the movie, they were combined on a cellular level by the machine. This seems somehow logical. In the original, the fly and the scientist exchange heads and one arm. This would be fine if the movie ended right at this point because the fly with the giant head and arm and the human with a tiny and nearly invisible head and arm would both die immediately, solving the problem. Instead of going that way, the machine decided that the basic shape and design of the head was the important part to duplicate, not so much the size. And with their brains being exchanged as well, it probably wouldn’t have fit in the head of the fly. I never really got behind the idea of the fly’s instincts taking over Andre either, mainly because it only seemed to manifest itself as the fly fucking with the rest of him, like grabbing his arm when he was trying to type. I half expected it to take his arm and start doing the whole “Quit hitting yourself” thing to him."
"Other international orders ship on discount. My webstore has been set for this offer until Friday night (4th Nov)."
"The New York school system was also getting a thorough shake. In July 1896, Strong and an emboldened state legislature passed the School Reform Law, which for the first time created a centralized education system in the city. Previously, schools were governed by city wards, a practice allowing for uneven educational opportunities and fertile ground for all manner of dishonesty."
"Actually, it’s a pretty big hurdle. My project is a look into local political campaign strategies from a public relations perspective. It requires a significant writeup including a literature review, methodology, thorough analysis, and conclusions."
"2) The goal is to get rid of all your cards by making statements that work."
"At that point it was the dirty trick to get a fix that annoyed me. I wasn't aware then that Marge was HIV+. He had previously spoken freely of the disease and while admitting his lover had died from AIDS he was always adamant that he hadn't contracted the virus. He didn't seem to care about the stigma of the disease and so I reckoned: Why would he lie? I told myself that that concern was fine, that his crime was being afraid to lose his get-well fix and nothing more."
"Then I got a message from Roly over at Sarchasm2. He was the very first blogger to ever reblog me! I still remember when he shared my post, “Backwards Thinking”. I was so surprised. I typically write about the happy-go-lucky chaos of our life, but that post was about some of the not-so-sunny things I have dealt with, namely racism. I cannot believe how much racism I have encountered while adopting bi-racial children, but the support I found in that post alone was so encouraging. Like I said, Roly was the first one to reblog me, and over the past few months, I have really enjoyed his posts, so when he said he wanted to give me the Sunshine Award for bringing Sunshine to his day, I was truly flattered. He’s one of those people who doesn’t let a disability get him down, and I always take inspiration from that. Plus, I love sunshine. I used to sing “You are my sunshine” to my babies, something about bright sunny days just brings a smile to my face. So, add “sunshine post” to the to-do list."
"I have to say that when i figured out poetry was not really my form, it opened the world up. I was less inhibited and clumsy immediately. I don't know why. I felt like someone who had danced ballet realizing they were better at modern dance.. I jumped into flash with glee and haven't been able to leave it."
"For now I’m attempting to just go with it, to varying degrees of success depending on my mental state at any given moment. I’m trying to be patient and just take it as it comes – not like I really have much choice in the matter anyway. On the bright side I may use this as an opportunity to try hair colors and styles I never would have dreamed of experimenting with before. So in the end I guess you could say this is sort of a once in a lifetime opportunity…at least all things considered it had certainly better be once in a lifetime!"
"6. Books for children to read since there will be no TV or internet and they will be frightened. Recommend lightly-themed books with happy endings."
"Molly B"
"Here are my jars of chicken all done hot out of the canner. See that liquid? That is pure chicken broth baby! YUM! Ok, I know it doesn't look that appetizing. In fact my MIL came over, looks very skeptically at my jars and said, \"Um, can I ask what that is?\" I tried to answer as matter of factly as possible. \"It's canned chicken.\" She said, \"But you aren't going to eat it like that?\" \"Well, you certainly can, it's fully cooked, but I'll most likely be shredding it for enchiladas and such.\" She responded, \"Well, you really are Miss Betty Homemaker aren't you?\" LOL! I know we preparedness people look like freaks to the outside world. I'm totally ok with that."
"So is marriage a recipe for sexual suicide, or a test to see if you can find true intimacy in other ways."
"Eric was busy shuffling between our home which was about 40 minutes away with our then 21 month old and the hospital where we were. We wanted Conner to have as normal a life as possible after the new baby came. I know Eric was torn between being with me and taking Conner home to be with him. We both decided he would take him home and come back the next morning. Eric left me with a hug and a kiss. We wanted Conner to be able to sleep in his own bed as much as possible. After he picked him up, my mom came to the hospital to be with me. I remember my her walking into my room. I started crying as we were packing up my things."
"We’d hoped to borrow the hotel bikes to ride around and spend a little time checking out Heerenveen, but they didn’t have enough available for all of us; instead, the 4 guys took the bikes and had an exciting adventure involving contemporary art appreciation and interpretation at small local museum, while mom and I took our cameras and headed out to a nearby walking path to talk (and attempt) photography. We did more talking than actual shooting, but I got a couple of photos I like; here are my two favorites from the walk."
"However, we didn't leave Enjoy Life Cookies completely behind after all. Much to our surprise when inquiring about food allergen safe dessert options at a couple locations at Disney World and aboard the Disney Dream Cruise Ship, we were offered two packs of Enjoy Life's soft baked chocolate chip cookies! When visiting Magic Kingdom try the Plaza Restaurant. Aboard the Disney Dream? Just ask room service to send some Enjoy Life Cookies up to your Cabin."
"wiggling like ribbons;"
"These videos definitely put drizzly days into an appealing light. Drizzly days that involve walking around the Jinhua architecture park in China from under the protection of a nice cosy mac, and atop huge geometric paving slabs, naturally."
"On top of that, I've had to collect TELPAS samples. I don't know why collection is such a pain...we are writing in class anyway. AND, I had STAAR testing training on Tuesday and I have TELPAS Online training tomorrow! GEEZ! Bring on the Break!!!!"
"Alice"
"One again i got my monthly graze box with some very gorgeous honeycomb flapjack (its always the best bit). But this month i got a little extra in my box, the worlds easiest to look after desk plant."
"Lord Jesus, Thank You that You care about things we usually fail to notice. I ask that You will help us to keep our eyes focused on You, our ears open to Your leading, and our hearts open to Your love. Help us not to loose sight of what You are doing. Help us to recognize those people who are “along side of the road” that you want us to respond to. And help us to expect amazing things everyday as we walk with You, our amazing God who can do far more abundantly than we can ask or think. In Jesus Name, Amen."
"When asked what he came back with from his five-day adventure, Dr. Alan says “Friends.” He will try to stay in contact with the administrator of the clinic, Fay, and see how he can get some items that were specifically requested to them."
"So, recently my ex boyfriend and I got into a nasty fight which had me feeling lonely and blue. It was the week of my paid vacation I earned from work, and I didn’t want the fight to ruin my opportunity to relax and enjoy life. So, I decided to take a road trip. Where? I wasn’t quite sure, however I knew I wanted to go somewhere warm. I had researched for days, looking up best vacation spots on the east coast, east coast road trips, and most lively beaches (similar to Miami Beach but nicer). Then, on a Tuesday morning, I woke up, packed a few things, and began my road trip down south. I knew I wanted to go to Florida, but I wasn’t decided on the location quite yet. Driving on I-95, I was privileged to enjoy 65 degree sunny weather with towering full trees on either side of me. After 12 hours of driving, I made it to Daytona Beach, FL, where I had to stop and take a break. At my resting point, I continued to research where my final destination would be. I was debating Clearwater Beach, Boca Raton, or Las Olas Fort Lauderdale. I didn’t decide until I left in the morning and, well, I eventually chose, Las Olas, Fort Lauderdale."
"Balls also spin when toy is pushed on floor."
"First of all, Happiest Mothers Day to all you mommas out there! I have friends who are celebrating their first official mothers day this year (Sarah & Jenny Mae...... ) and of course, my mom who's celebrating her 27th mothers day today!..... no matter if its you 1st, or 101st, I hope your day is awesome :)"
"sacrifice was home and the mark"
"Cinnamon blinked before following him."
"Every time I refer to my hair, whether in my thoughts or out loud, I refer to the future."
"They have accused the provincial Tactical Response Team of randomly beating them up \"for nothing\"."
"After I left college and found myself in the world of work, the same pattern repeated. Having ended up in retail I was rarely out of the shop before 6 and always then had a significant journey home to face. In fact I'm not sure now how I managed the two years I spent working in Newmarket - a 110 mile round trip every day from Felixstowe, having to be there for 8 and not getting home until at least 7 most nights. Even when I moved to the Council and got into flexi-time I was still rarely home before 6 - often due to picking MrsB up from work (she is still in the business of selling things) but more likely just because of getting the required number of hours in per day after starting at around 9."
"i chose this video because it's funny on so many levels: sex, lies and rob reiner's mom at the end! maybe it isn't the funniest scene ever, but humor is like wine, sometimes impossible to describe, but you always know what you like."
"Pour into sterilised jars, I do this by placing my clean jars & lids in a oven set at 120C for 10 minutes. Pop the lids on when cold, not before or the moisture can create mould under the lid."
"I spent this afternoon at Andy & Kelly's house helping them with the new front walkway (AKA my \"aisle\"). I am so appreciative of them for letting us have our wedding there. It's a huge project to get a house ready for a wedding, but they embraced it wholeheartedly and have been working hard to make it beautiful for us. We are so grateful to have such amazing friends."
"Jennifer! (Not the same winner above.... Jennifer seems to be a lucky name today!) Her blog name is I Feel A Card Coming On…”You can click HERE to see her fabulous creations inspired by Egg Nog!"
"\"ballet slipper.\""
"- “Current pace” function is useless. It appears to be the least reliable out of all of the pace functions (you can choose between current, lap, or entire run). Again, not a huge deal, and not one of my motivating factors to buy the watch."
"Special conditions justifying a 35-mph speed limit cited in the study include insufficient acceleration and deceleration lanes at a number of points, including McIntire Park, Park Street and Locust Avenue."
"art-inspired goosebumps, inquired nostalgia,"
"This passage contradicts everything Mr. Fulford has made contentions of in the past, that the White Dragons are fighting for the future and the good. Why “must” the White Dragons lay down their swords and surrender to allow Katsu, a member of the World Cabal, access to the Black Screens?"
"As a freshman in college, I became aware of the refugee population in Houston and began volunteering with PAIR. Four years later, I am proud to say that I am still a volunteer with this incredible grassroots organization that works tirelessly to meet the needs of Houston’s refugee youth. One of most remarkable aspects of this journey has been a deepening realization of how college students are empowered to help refugee youth; not by buying things or going on service trips, but through weekly sessions that take place in our own community. As students, the most valuable resources we can offer to help others are time and energy, both of which are what make PAIR run on a weekly basis. We are able to offer the best of what we have and invest it into a cause that is close to home."
"You put one foot in front of the other and walk – you keep doing this method until you’ve walked a mile."
"This was the curious little seaside town of Shoeburyness."
"While I get out tools my kitchen sink is filling with hot soapy water. Ok sometimes the sink is full of dirty dishes and I use a big bowl instead. You just need a place to toss dirty utensils so you can give them a quick rinse to use again if needed."
"Tory Burch wedges"
"Apparently the giant phallus is a void of the entire town FOR SOME REASON."
"Figure out your style. Take a look in your closet and note the items you wear most frequently and why you wear those items so much. Also note your favorite items in your closet and why you liek them. Perhaps you keep a StyleDiary or post to other street fashion communities like Wardrobe Remix or Stylemob. If so, check out your outfits there. Find your favorites and take a look at what you wear. Figure out your style so you can make sure your new item fits into it."
"After the typical pre-race pit stop, runners gather in the starting corrals and they sent us off promptly at 6:45 a.m. The race starts with a nice downhill to get the blood flowing, and runners wind through redwood forests and along slight rolling hills for the first few miles."
"we were like a fish who met its water"
"coarse sugar (I used regular white sugar)"
"prakāśante mahātmanaḥ"
"And you'll find love any day Alfie"
"... I was really discouraged with my cake endeavor . I took a break for a few reasons. trying to figure out the best way to photograph the food . and I've been experimenting with some recipes, that I will start to post as soon as I get back from vacation .."
"October 7, 2010"
"I really love this skirt. You can't tell in the picture but it has buttons all down the side. I bought the same skirt in a colored tweed when they came out and the black one was only available one size larger so I went ahead and bought it even though I could grab wads of fabric at my hips. I can't believe I would ever be happy at being a size larger or anything but I am soooo glad this skirt still fits. It's truly one of my favorite items in my closet. You can probably tell I have a real affinity for the knee length pencil skirt. Since I am built so straight, I've found I can wear it without \"bumps\" at my hips as my mom so eloquently says and it actually adds some curves."
"“You are crying,bachche ! ” Aham stopped and whispered to my face while struggling with my stole to make sure my head was properly covered."
"In May 2010, the Environmental Working Group found that 17 popular fragrances, including Fierce, contained a variety of synthetic chemicals. The non-profit public health and environmental organization says that the fragrances included petrochemicals derived from petroleum and chemicals that can alter human hormones."
"Israel just celebrated the 63rd anniversary of its founding. Successive American administrations have struggled and failed to secure any peace between it and its sworn enemies. The reason is simple and obvious. Only Egypt and Jordan negotiated peace treaties with Israel and then only after having been decisively defeated in war."
"Friday (I know it's not weekend, but still part of the craziness): Charlie had a soccer class make-up, I brain-farted and forgot about it on Tuesday. Charlie had school, we had Ben's friend Sam here, the pm kindergartner's were off school, they had a blast and I was able to get a little work done. Can't remember the rest of the day"
"Anyways, with the Globe one I always get fewer than 10 letters wrong, but almost NEVER a perfect score. This week's was amusing, and also seemed to follow to this odd theory. The harder it *seems* at the start, the better I do. (For instance, one letter wrong this week....the Q in \"Chatauqua\" in New York, which combined with Qui, the Italian word for here. I put a G, not knowing either word.) I didn't seem to be working at too briskly a pace, and yet...only the one wrong. Other weeks I fly along, and end up with 6-8 spots (usually in the same area of the puzzle) empty (or actually, mis-guessed at)."
"Great internal linking structure"
"To further illustrate the point one might examine the penitential rite of the Ordo Missæ of 1970. Form A, the Confiteor, is the forma typica while Form B, and Form C (with its 9 paradigmatic formulas in the NCCB Sacramentary) are ad libitum, i. e., they are options."
"I’m hiding something. I’ll admit it."
"4. What is your most favorite smell?"
"As you frequent readers of my blog may know, I was wait-listed for France, and, really, the odds of me getting off said wait list are next-to-none. Fine. Whatever. I’ll make another motherflipping plan."
"I have heard from her. She updates her carepages very frequently. Mimi sounds like she's doing all right considering. This is from her carepages last night..."
"This may be one of the most boring posts ever, but please keep reading...... I have a little business to mention.... but first: a little make-believe conversation between me and YOU!"
"* The time the bookstore manager suggested I help him set up a Twilight display since I wasn’t exactly contracting writers’ cramp at the book-signing table."
"Blue Jay 126"
"Mrs. Eppler prepares for this day all year long and it's such a gift to us mothers. There's never a dry eye by the end. \"Mom, I love you to heaven and back,\" was Nick's ending contribution in the video part of the show. (Did you hear that? It's the sound of my heart melting...) This event has helped raised my appreciation even more for the gift of motherhood."
"six miles away; Vanetta, Gauley Bridge,"
"I cant even think straight today because S and I are getting on a plane TOMORROW"
"So what is your \"word\" this year?"
"justin and i have so much to be thankful for this holiday season, i am so overwhelmed by how God has provided and kept us safe this past year in particular."
"Bernard M. Gordon"
"where each wary step is"
"Mile 26 - 11:13"
"Love them, hate them....wear them or not?...I am a fan of the espadrille and wear mine constantly in the summer...but only in the summer and only with the most casual of clothes. I buy mine in the French markets (Arles has the best)...Years ago they cost a couple of euros a pair, now they are closer to ten euros...but that's life....and probably because they have become a fashion item and derigueur for this season.... even one of my favourite fashion bloggers Garance Doré agrees....I stick with the simple styles but some of the more fancy pairs, like the Chanel two-tone are pretty cute...."
"1 currently"
"Chris went back to Hank and tapped his elbow. Hank was looking at Truck’s registration and insurance card which he had retrieved from the glove compartment. “Yeah, that’s him,” Hank said to the sergeant."
"According to data from negative Real Interest Rates, another US recession is likely to occur between 2012-Q1 to 2014-Q1, with 2012-Q4 being the most likely.Then on 2011-06-29 I published another post entitled Real Interest Rates are predicting an upcoming recession. Between this post and the previous one I had refined my study of real 10 year bond rates - averaging them out over a 3 month period in order to iron out a statistical \"bump\" in the data (which turned out to be Hurricane Katrina). By comparing these results to GDP and unemployment data, I came up with the following assertions:"
"We find in the quran such verses as tell muslims to fight people for the simple reason that they do not believe in islam or because they reject islam eg 9/29 etc. The story of solomon is same, he finds out about sheba people who worship sun and tells them to convert are I will destroy you. So they decided to convert."
"4 person"
"When it comes to solutions to the current debate, if some form of State generated ID is (still) required, you would think that an international passport would be as good as an internal passport (or ID card) for the purposes of identification within Ukraine and that in fact, an either/or situation would be good enough."
"I’m not telling you all of this because you don’t already know it, or because I want you to know what a freak I am. I’m telling you this because I feel that, as the show comes to a close– its last episode will air on Monday, May 21– I need some kind of cathartic release to deal with the loss of what has become an important force in my life."
"Another fun tidbit, Granite's very first baby trainer (before he was under tack) messaged me today to ask about the boy. How sweet?! I told her (touch wood) that Granite is coming along nicely, has been staying healthy, and I am really enjoying him. I am so very lucky. I love my job, my boyfriend is always amazing, my new apartment and new city are treating me well, my bff is close by, and the critters are (currently) healthy and happy. So blessed."
"One final point. It seems that total turnout across the five ballots was 78%. That suggests that 1,540 members were entitled to vote. The 827 ‘yes’ votes therefore represent 53.7% of those entitled to vote. Whatever the rights and wrongs of the actual dispute, there is no denying that a clear majority of those who will be called upon to take part in one of the strikes will have voted in favour of strike action. Presenting the results as though the opposite is true is misleading and wrong."
"Anyway, I'm currently working on some new projects which are really exciting but also really time-consuming, so for the next few weeks posting will continue to be sporadic. I just wanted to let you know that I'm not dead or trapped under something heavy, and to thank you for your patience!"
"I've talked for long enough...and I'm about to talk for two hours more! Personally I recommend downloading it from the original site, and listening to it when you can. I'm also under orders to tell you that it doesn't start getting really good until we become more comfortable at the 14:32 point. You can save yourself 14 minutes. Please also note that we have a few extra ready, and plan to make more, but I doubt they will be this long again."
"Hopefully, I will have a happier tale (about how I’m going to be treated at last) to tell than the one (about the years I’ve spent undiagnosed) that I shared today."
"So, do you think I can pull off another 12,500 through the month of December?"
"I decided on following the trigger as shown ans sticking with the same color scheme. I love how it tuned out- I'm not usually one for sentiment-less cards, but I may try it more often!"
"Location: Center floor in front of board."
"With opening night of Ben Stevenson’s Cinderella nearly upon us, we wanted to take a moment to share with you a bit of the fascinating history that surrounds the original Cinderella fairytale. Read this excerpt from pages 6-9 of Ballet SJ’s Cinderella Playbill, which can be downloaded and read in its entirety from the Ballet San Jose website."
"255 2. “The Founders of Our Founders: Jerusalem, Athens, and the American Constitution.” Harry V. Jaffa, ed., Original Intent and the Framers of the Constitution: A Disputed Question (Washington, D.C.: Regnery Gateway, 1994), pp. 181-97, 231-32. (Sources: Item C-1987(3), above, pp. 528-45, Item D-X/8/1976, below.)"
"One woman in Newfoundland complained that the song, a song that had been played on Canadian radio for 25 years, used the word faggot. The council didn’t look at the context of the song, they didn’t look at the meaning, they just ruled that it used the word faggot and was therefore homophobic and was essentially banned on commercial radio in Canada."
"Sometimes fading into night."
"Blog reviews/Book websites: 26"
"But in the meantime she has her husband and I have a high powered libido that needs to be satisfied. So her suggestion of giving Jen and Luke a call seems like a good idea since I'm all alone in this town for the next two days. I return to my hotel room and wait until about 11:00 am, which I deemed a reasonable hour to call the number Jen and Luke had given me the other night. I pick up the phone and dial the number. Jen answers."
"When the typical woman is asked whether or not she wants to be smarter, prettier, and less awkward, it could be commonly assumed she would answer yes. It is the universal female desire of these three aspects that gave Molly Ford, a New Yorker with a degree in finance and a career in marketing, success in the competitive blogging world through her own blog, Smart, Pretty, and Awkward. Ford gives easy-to-follow tips along with inspiration to her readers in every post. When she thought of the single tip of using clean, unused toilet seat covers as facial blotting tissues years back, Ford wanted to pursue a creative outlet by writing about various interests and experiences of her own. Each post is short, simple and includes a quote of her choice."
"I have seen roses damask’d, red and white,"
"But Fortune such delight as theirs did never grant me yet."
"The bags were found about a half-mile apart in the canal near Avocet Road and Carl Bolter Drive. The canal stretches between U.S. 441 and the Intracoastal Waterway and flows under almost every major north-south road in Palm Beach County. The water flows east or west, depending on the tides."
"The ground"
"Sound:Stereo"
"A personal word to you younger men. I am finishing my 15th year at Bethlehem and I just celebrated my 49th birthday. I have watched my body and my soul with some care over these years and noticed some changes. They are partly owing to changing circumstances, but much is owning to a changing constitution. One, I cannot eat as much without gaining unhelpful weight. My body does not metabolize the same way it used to. Another is that I am emotionally less resilient when I lose sleep. There were early days when I would work without regard to sleep and feel energized and motivated. In the last seven or eight years my threshold for despondency is much lower."
"Glad to do my friends a favor"
"To which you give the assenting voice.’"
"Bayern will face Borussia Dortmund while Chelsea will date Liverpool a week before their 19th May 2012 date. For neutrals, it will be a final of the underdogs, and probably the best thing to happen as the usual suspects will also the watching the finals like the rest of us, on TV."
"There must be a break for cat blogging."
"Hope is a perishable commodity. Despite God’s promises, despite His love and despite our abundant blessings, we can still lose hope from time to time. When we do, it is important for us to surround ourselves with the encouragement of Christian friends, the strength that comes through prayer and the truth of God’s Word. This world is a place of difficult days and struggles of every kind. If you find yourself being swallowed up in the trap of discouragement, seek the healing touch of Jesus. He has promised us peace and joy in the midst of our pain."
"Following some very impressive performances by the GB team in Israel which saw promotion for the Judy Murray led squad the draw for April’s Fed Cup World Group II play-offs as been made."
"I woke up from a very nice dream in the post-op recovery room (Tom was surprised when I told him I had a dream during the surgery), and was told the surgery went perfectly and that baby was fine. That made me happy, but all I wanted was just to go back to sleep. Until I noticed a horrible pain in my belly. And another, even stronger. I (drowsily) told the nurse I was cramping, and she snapped back that they weren't cramps, they were contractions. Geez, lady, I was coming out of anaesthesia - you think I really care about technical terms? I asked if that was normal, and she said it wasn't uncommon. Fantastic. You'd think they could have warned me beforehand!"
"My Morning Jacket"
"in fur"
"Where the justice is….what kind of Punishment is this?"
"If you like, you can see some other wax pieces I've posted on my flickr site by clicking on the flickr badge on my sidebar. I hope you are all having a fabulous week!"
"But there are certain places I'll never ever get tired of seeing; places that mean \"home\" to me. Places that even now, thousands of miles away as a desktop picture, can make me calm just looking at it because of the memories and emotions of home embedded in them for me."
"Here is this month's Sketch challenge and we are sponsored by our own team member Dunja."
"The Pentagon has been forced to take extraordinary measures to meet the Bush Administration’s operational demands:"
"“The abuse seems to be increasingly rapidly, and the internet offers an additional distribution platform,” she said."
"just having fun and had been"
"This Venus City transcends both time and space and our labels and concepts of ‘beauty’ or even ‘transcendence.’ She is seen, but a scene. More than urban, she sustains the pastoral. She is an age and an ocean of time, but the sandy, familiar shores of home. She stimulates, but does not encompass all. She is the heart’s assassin and the mind’s familiar sofa. She is a nap on Sunday."
"and you will praise the name of the LORD your God,"
"(from D'Lanie's letter)"
"All is lost: Ed gives them away to the vampires, Shaun has to shoot his mother, the zombies get David and Di, Pete bites Ed and the Winchester goes up in flames."
"I honestly found it mortifying, as a woman and as a music lover. But then again, I would never pursue that kind of lifestyle in any moment or situation, past future and present. Just as I don’t judge people by their careers/jobs/\"position in society\", I don’t believe musicians are a “different breed” as Pamela Des Barres writes."
"There has been understandable local curiosity about what has been going on inside this much loved old building and while Chris has been happy to show people round the work in progress he did not want to launch them for sale until they were all complete and everything, right down to the loo roll holders, were in place."
"like a honest, gentle river"
"You never want to get into this situation, so it’s nice to have someone take you to the side and have you think a bit about what you are about to do. Also, I’ve found it helpful in that your friend might think of questions or comments that you may not have thought of. Every little bit of information that you can get from your purchase will help you out."
"If You Liked This, You Might Like…"
"I know that scripture was long but it just shows the need to ask God that to humble us to present Him, to testify of Him for our works to show Him. We must always shift whatever we do to speak of Him. The Holy Spirit will testify of Jesus, we need to allow that to happen through our lives as we seek a connection and an emptiness so that we can be used (Matt 16:24). I think this is the only time when the phrase ‘empty vessels make more noise’ actually urges us to empty ourselves to be part of gods song. We so often aim towards targets to get to perfection and as much as we seek to be perfected by God if our main aim is goals we are setting we will never experience the fullness of what God wants to do in us, we will simply fill ourselves, making it harder for God to use us. God is perfection, the only way we can get to coming close to being perfected is not through the targets and aspirations we set but rather by submitting to the only perfect being. We cannot be perfected by something that is not perfect, systems and expectations we set. However once we release our systems and just choose to cast off all we expect or have built up for ourselves onto Him. He can continually perfect the work He started in us."
"And they"
"Under Obama, the United States has more drone capacity. However, the U.S. has only 7,000 aerial drones in its arsenal, and considering there are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world, that is not nearly enough. Why hasn’t Obama ordered more. It’s because he’s coddling the enemy."
"Krystine C. Bordenabe, 33, Old Bridge, N.J."
"In addition, thirty of us artists banded together to offer a fun promotion called Gifts from the heART. Pick up a postcard at the entrance to the building and carry it around with you. When you come across a participating studio, gather a heart sticker. When you leave Western Avenue, drop your be-stickered card off in the box outside the loading dock on the second floor of the A Mill to be entered into a drawing!"
"The decision of the umpires was later found to be in error, but I’m so happy that they got it wrong."
"Wait, what? Earn free clothes? Yes! Who wouldn’t like to earn free clothes? Gather some of your favorite people together and host a party in your home with Trunk’d Clothing. Depending on the sales volume the hostess will earn a percentage of the total sales to be used towards clothing and accessories with Trunk’d Clothing. In addition, as the party sales are totaled up there is a chance to earn a 50% discount off one item. The more sales that are generated the more items you can earn with 50% off."
"Well. 3 computer crashes and about 2 weeks late, I finally managed to finish Candyman. It definitely wasn't as good as I remembered it, but the unintentional laughs were worth it. I don't remember if there were 3 movies in the franchise or 4, but I'm pretty sure they don't get better after this one, so it'll be entertaining to make fun of those as well. I'll give Candyman an average 3 killer trees out of 5."
"Well with it been a anything goes theme over at Wild Orchid Challenge I thought it was time I got the pictures scrap booked from my grandma's 90th party and what better items to use with then some WOC ones and while I mention I will also add that they will give the winner a £15 voucher ."
"Happy Birthday big guy!"
"\"We have a good fundraising plan in place and I am confident that we can fund all current and planned litigation,\" commented Eric Reschke, the group's executive director. \"We've been here for five years, and I expect the next five... if necessary.\""
"Neither child showed obvious injury. Neither carried any immediate clues to his or her identity."
"The following recipe for homemade chocolate ice cream posted by Joana is too tempting to pass up. The next week is littered with time in the community, so it will be long, hot days sitting on concrete floors in pagodas and listening to translations. (It's surprising how tiring translations can be.) Chocolate ice cream would be a nice treat ..."
"* Fast."
"SPIEGEL: You're not convinced that modern nuclear power plants are safe?"
"This is also why I prefer to use salves and ointments: They are heavy on the oils and light on the water. As in, they don’t have water as part of their make-up. Crunchy Betty talks about a number of ways to help prevent cooties from forming in your all-natural whatever-it-is. One of the big ones, though, is to make only as much as you can use in a reasonable amount of time."
"“How was your visit?” asked God. The Soul answered, “Oh, God, it was wonderful. At first, I was very shy and didn’t have many friends. Then I met another soul who taught me that in order to have a friend, one must first be a friend. I chose to look past my fear and let the love in my heart guide me. I met my life partner while volunteering at a shelter for souls with physical disabilities, and we had three beautiful children. It was a lot of work, but I felt blessed to be a part of so many lives.”"
"“And such Divine Persons can ‘feed’ with their Own Strength a lot of aspiring people at the same time!"
"Amy is the older sister and a full time family law attorney. She loves her 2 sons and nephew, dogs, volunteering at the Bangor Humane Society, being outdoors when it’s nice outside and indoors when it’s not."
"What are you working on now?"
"Carly: Good night mom."
"p.p.s. I forgot to take a before picture, the top and bottom pictures are \"afters,\" but there are hundreds of \"befores\" on the blog, so I'm sure you know how crazy his hair was before :)"
"The past couple of days I’ve been taking the first few steps. I started a photography blog where I’ll be posting pictures as photo shoots happen. I figured it’s a great way to not only see how I’ve improved over time, but also a great way for customers to see my work. If you’d like to follow my new blog, please check it out here. I would love all of your support right now."
"852 ***D-IV/6/1983. “For Harold Washington: Proposed Statement for a Lifelong Chicago Democrat.” Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 473-75 (1992).)"
"The mom part of me says: Be supportive............"
"She was up at the top of the Eiffel Tower when troops came in and evacuated it a while back. The train station was evacuated while she was sitting, waiting for a train to Dijon. Looks like there was something in her row. Everyone scurried outside. And now she is stuck at the Charles deGaulle airport."
"For further assistance, precise key levels of any KSE Scrip you can contact our office @ 0213-432 2359 or 0345-276 8680 or write us @ safelyinvest@gmail.com"
"Although it’s not written in this passage, our pastor indicated we should pay attention to what appears to be behind the story that first appears in Genesis 4. The young men made a sacrifice, probably because God instructed the first family to do so. Sacrifice meant shedding of blood. We learn God said without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sin. If our just God rejected Cain’s vegetables, evidence shows the young man didn’t obey the Heavenly Father."
"As I think about my faith, my heritage in the story of God, and all the promises that God made and delivered (the promise to Abraham and Sarah of a son despite their old age and Abraham’s faith despite this!), none is as amazing to me as the promise and birth of Christ, The Messiah. I imagine the virgin Mary sitting in the stable holding the newly delivered infant, Jesus in her inexperienced arms being a mother for the first time, witnessing a miracle and holding the God’s promise. It’s just another reminder to me that shows how capable God is of delivering His promises than the delivery of our newborn King through the virgin Mary."
"Against my ear in our embrace."
"I've always loved my space."
"I'm that mom who is my children's friend."
"11. Sirenia - Sirenian Shores"
"Unfortunately for you, there is no photography allowed inside. I did sneak this shot through a window on the fourth floor, looking toward the front."
"Yet even if typos don’t ruin someone’s marriage and political career, they can give a fastidious writer a nasty headache. I have had my share of inflicted typos, although some are harmless enough and even a good source of laughter."
"One thing that works best for me is to remember that these people are just people. Try to think about how they see you or think about how you see them. If you admire how carefree they are then maybe they would feel the same if you were too- if you let yourself relax and be yourself."
"One of the great things about the web is how it allows you to communicate ideas and recommended reading with a few keystrokes. In this instance, Philip Athans, author of several books, on his blog, mentioned The Red Hourglass by Gordon Grice. I was a little disappointed at the ebook price as the print price was similar so went with the print book. While I enjoy e-format, the main benefit to me know still has to come in savings."
"I was “written up” yet again by a manager for working 3 minutes past my shift. I wasn’t being over-zealous–I actually thought my shift ended at 2:30pm, not 2pm. I was so frustrated with myself and the way my brain read the numbers on the schedule. I’ve been chastised several times by management for similar faux-pas. (once I came to work and hour early by mistake, but they were glad that day because they needed extra staff.)"
"Cheese: Landaff, a creamy, buttery, and grassy cow’s milk cheese."
"41:17 Big John Oaikhena -agbon nu ghegbeji"
"In other words, the use of mantras are not God pleasing. God does not want anyone approaching Him in a senseless manner. He wants us to rightfully use the mind He created for us. To approach the most holy LORD of all, without using the gift of our full senses is an abomination and a gross sign of disrespect. It’s being silly — and we are not to act silly before God Almighty. That is sinful."
"A moment later, he leaned over and said – “But you know, three seconds is a long time.”"
"I am going... To go visit my daughter's this evening.My older daughter Laura has a bad back and this is causing her a great deal of pain. She will be so pleased to see me."
"It was a valid question, and it reflects a mistake a lot of us make. I frequently feel that if I were really, really committed, I would been in that orphanage with him, doing the hard, messy, selfless, service work. But I would likely be as unhappy as he was, because there is nothing in me that points in that direction. None of my gifts, none of my life experience, none of the things that give me joy. Trying to live out someone else’s vocation— no matter how cool or impressive it sounds— doesn’t honor God, or the individual."
"I put my cookware to use last night for the first time. I started with something easy. Spaghetti with meat sauce. I used two of my stainless steel pieces, the 9.5 inch braising pan and the 3 qt. pot."
"I think this is a major problem and we’re making Queensland a kind of paradigm case of that. Once we’ve investigated Queensland fully, I think we’ll have a lot more to say about it."
"Necklace: Aura: Ethereal Prayer Beads"
"has a happy ending...or rather a happy middle bit...(who am I kidding? I`m not even a quarter way there yet) with another 5 happy scrappy grannies joining the group. They are reminding me of golf jumpers."
"Keep this in mind: everyone is welcome to attend at any time. Astrology is a complex study. We touched on a lot last night, and will go over all of it again. Each week, we’ll spend time focused on a particular aspect and yet still be taking in the big picture."
"So that you non-Harry Potter-readers know what I’m talking about, Hogwarts is Harry Potter’s school and there are 4 Houses: Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff. Every year, the Sorting Hat sings a song (sometimes a kind of warning) and then Sorts first-year students into Houses based on who they are."
"Although undoubtedly the smoking ban has put many smokers off visiting pubs, and made others visit less often, surveys have shown that smokers are still more likely to visit pubs than non-smokers, so it stands to reason that pubs should do what they can within the law to accommodate them. If you are a smoker, it is very clear which pubs extend a welcome to you, and which can’t be bothered, and that is obviously likely to influence where you take your custom, and indeed that of your non-smoking friends as well."
"\"Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!\" or words to that effect."
"I know my bank account is almost empty (I’m looking at you, Potential Summer Job: please replenish my funds). And yet I really can’t help myself. Especially when I get deals like this delivered straight to my Inbox, which is open whenever my browser is open. And that’s open whenever my computer’s on. And that’s whenever I’m home and not sleeping. In fact, I keep my computer on when I’m out and when I’m sleeping sometimes – it’s terrible for my decade-old laptop, I know that already too."
"Hi! I’m finally back to my DT work after a long break for my trip to Utah; plus, I had to take an extra week off because I had a horrible migraine with lots of nausea last week. I think I willed it away all while I was in Utah and the day after I got home—bammo!!! Worst I’ve had but I’m all better now and ready to get back in the swing of things."
"The human hero goes there in search of a rare herb and Indra‘s daughter suitably named Indraja, goes there to see the prakruti soundaryam (beauty of nature) of the universally famous bhulokam (world of earth). The divine beauty Indraja was played by Sridevi, the only one who could have played that role at that time and the hero by Chiranjeevi, the only one who could match her in dance and glamour at that time in telugu cinema!"
"Into an ear unwilling to hear"
"L’Oreal Studio Line Styling $0.75/1"
"Griffin and others contained that growth by quickly undermining branches in areas that growth had taken place in by sacking organisers where it did. East London was the first, followed by Oldham and Burnley later Bradford and Birmingham. The BNPs peak was contained and undermined by state ops working within."
"You will live. Just start typing and eventually you will find a way to put your thoughts in print."
"First Date"
"I couldn’t teach a class, so a substitute was found. When I returned the following week, a student and friend approached me after class and told me she made it into bakasana (crane/crow pose) because K taught it a slightly different way. Initially, I rebuffed her and told her to never step foot in my classroom again. Kidding. Where I begin in a wide angle squat with feet together and heels raised, K begins with the feet farther apart. T went into bakasana with confidence and excitement. She was still super excited a week later."
"09 Pater Noster"
"Last week I was traveling and missed the challenge so I was anxious to do this one. I've wanted to do an egg-y Zentangle for a couple of weeks, but held off hoping that Laura a.k.a \"I am the Diva\" would issue an egg related challenge. This one was a lot of fun for me."
"as long as I’m altered, and nothing is still."
"before I cried."
"I’ve said it before. This should have been a year long victory lap of Conservatives. Between the war in Afghanistan, the sluggish economy, high unemployment and the Supreme Court debate over health care, all Conservatives had to do was present someone intellighent, human and rational. Someone that Americans could see ‘felt their pain’."
"For example one of the characters on the box art I never even met because I had enough intel from other missions to intercept my target and never had to do that character’s mission."
"Now, since the seismologists studying the September quake had been saying all along that there was a strong possibility of at least one very large aftershock, which would not reach the magnitude of the original earthquake but which might cause considerable damage, this hardly seems very prescient. Especially as the big one, when it came, did not arrive on 20th of March, but almost a month before, on February 22nd. And, as predicted by the seismologists, it was almost a point lower on the Richter scale (albeit far closer to the surface, hence the far greater damage and loss of life caused by it)."
"- Each gallon of gas sold in 2010 generated … forty-eight cents … of tax “revenues” for government.By the way, this does not include the tax … on the profits of the oil companies. I’d remind you too that their margins are 8%. How many of you would take hundreds of billions of dollars, explore the deepest, most inhospitable places on the planet, manage to get a well dug a mile below the bottom of the sea, pump it up, transport it, refine it, and be cast as the most obscene villain in the history of capitalism to earn … 8 cents on the dollar of revenue generated?\""
"and you’re bedazzled with the magic of his twinkling eyes,"
"“So, what I thought all these years was correct. I was nothing to you but a quick and easy way to shed your virginity.” Just saying the words was devastating."
"For the most part, Body Pump never gets boring. You are constantly challenging your muscles in new ways."
"a bunch of your buddies will gather around and collectively give"
"so I e-mail her regularly asking her what sorts of things"
"Woman is a nurturing harlot."
"The sauce was thick and sweet and sour and very tasty with the crunchy tempeh and browned veggies. It tasted very sophisticated with the polenta, but I must say that I gobbled it all down in about 20 seconds. Oh well. :)"
"Just me, my words, these"
"Full Metal Jacket"
"Sometimes a particular work day calls for full protective gear just to survive the adrenalin rush from crisis situations. Other days, it’s enough to float the current with an occasional stroke to keep you on course. However, get the resources backwards for current conditions, and things get rocky in a hurry."
"Occupational"
"Mind you, this is only the very beginning stages of writing this novel. I am going to try and implement some of the strategies I have learned over the last year. So far this is what I’ve done and this is the order in which it has occurred."
"Helloooooooo! Lisa Sparkle here with this fortnight's challenge from The Stamp Man!"
"Firstly, it's another warm welcome to my new follower :o)"
"Min 1: Yesterday my follower count was at x31. Now, it’s at x30. What happened to you #31? Where did you go? Why? OH WHY, DID YOU UNFOLLOW ME?"
"Calm assertiveness is a must for dog training, but it is also useful in life in general. The next time you find yourself getting annoyed at a situation, find that center and try facing it with calm assertiveness. You will be amazed at how much easier even the toughest obstacles can become."
"Sell the idea within your work area"
"I urge you to go out and buy these two books for your loved ones this Christmas. They will love you all the more for it."
"8 forward"
"HAZYVIEW: Farm attack, but community shoots back and attackers flee."
"Hereford United got the result they dreamed of but the outcome they dreaded. The team with the worst home record in League Two produced a win over the promotion-chasing visitors Torquay United but, after an afternoon of high drama at the end of a season of too many lows, Barnet’s win at Burton Albion condemned Hereford to relegation from the Football League. Six years after their return to League Two, next season the Bulls will be fighting in the Conference again."
"spelt/hemp/sprouted fenugreek/honey smoothies… happy chickens and bouncing bunnies assist us to make peace with the animal worlds… local fish willingly provide fresh fish… actually the entire animal/wing/elemental realms are very excited about this camp and willingly provide it with local gifts… drinking water is mixed with special fine clay/earth from the area that has been"
"While I love a chunky statement necklace, I actually do wear delicate pieces around my neck sometimes as well, believe it or not. Here's proof...I bring you my outfit from Monday:"
"Formerly known as The History Channel, it is the most informative in giving an overall look at the past, present, and future. The American-based international satellite and cable TV channel broadcasts a variety of reality shows and documentary programs including those of fictional and non-fictional historical content, together with speculation about the future. (Wikipedia) Like everything else you watch or read today, you have to sift through but some shows are timely and right on target. The channel’s extensive coverage of the Rise and fall of the Third Reich gives insight into the workings of the two rivals in the spirit realm. What was taking place in the spirit realm during that era of history? Enmeduraki leading Germany against Satan’s United States and Satan undermining Enmeduranki to inspire Hitler to kill the Jews and at the same time was leading his own prized child to victory against Enmeduranki with his allies."
"In both cases, the monks subscribe to the same religion, the same order, and the same, strict, sub-order. They are monks, which means that even within the Church they have a particular orientation toward religious practice. And yet they have chosen nearly opposed models for the way the breweries will serve their missions. I realize I've wandered from beer here--it's the old religious studies major in me--but I find this fascinating. Trappist monks are a severe lot--they have chosen to remove themselves from society in order to focus on their relationship to God. Their order demands strict adherence to rules that are nearly 1500 years old and enforce the circumstances to support and protect this mission. Beer, on the other hand, is the most worldly of beverages. It's a social drink, a drink of the masses, a drink more than any other of the world. The reasons it made sense to brew in 850 AD are not so relevant now. (They don't grow their own barley, malt it, or need beer as a safe alternative to deadly water.) Yet here they are, brewing beer."
"I needed to get some new plants for my planter. I found out who destroyed my garden, but we'll save that for another post. Today, it's all about Duane's day and bacon jam!!"
"It's about Great Craft Beer!"
"- You will receive 10 mailing address from me for other creative people just like you from around the world!"
"Look at the bosoms whilst I attempt to sort my discrepant thoughts."
"The Holly Jolly is brought to you by the Halifax Library Association with"
"International Women's Day isn't widely known or celebrated here, although it's a public holiday in quite a few countries and a relatively big thing. I knew about it but I didn't know that this was its hundredth year; it was first celebrated in 1911."
"Beyonce looked stunning in this Givenchy Haute Couture gown and showed off her post baby curves. I absolutely love how the gown looks on her and the side pulled back hairdo goes well! The purple feathers look pretty nice on her too and the coralesque lips are pretty."
"The eldest of 10 children, Ang was born in 1949 in Kepala Batas, Penang, to a taxi driver father and homemaker mother. Life back then was about living day to day and making ends meet; sometimes living off just biscuits and water."
"In a parking lot with CBC radio playing, I sat spellbound for a good 20 minutes, the only thing breaking the musical air around me, a gentle announcer’s voice that had me scrambling for paper (a gum wrapper of all things, all I had) to note the composer(s) name. Today I found what I listened to that day and hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Rather, still do."
"“Short pulse output spectrum: -40 dB BW is 12.4 MHz, (-80 dB at +/- 62 MHz), -80 dB at +/- 19.6 MHz for congested areas(congested areas require transmitter output bandpass filter)”"
"It's our fault? She says:"
"Thumbuddy to Love™ was created by Andrea Van Ness, a former thumb sucker. After her mom tried everything, including bitter tasting thumb polish, it was her grandmother that made her a thumb puppet. It was the positive experience of the thumb puppet and her kind words that encouraged Andrea to stop thumb sucking."
"It proved to be a very long day for me, as I had already performed at the Mt. Hope Beer Fest at the Renaissance Faire grounds with one of my other bands, Mark DeRose and the Way Home, earlier that day. Honestly, it felt more like I had attended the festival as an avid beer drinker and coincidentally also played a bit, as I was only contracted to play two one-hour sets of music with a four-and-a-half layover between sets. Hence the mass quantities of beer samples. OK, that sounds like an oxymoron. Perhaps I will throw up a separate blog about this event."
"Mr. Bergman was born on Nov. 29, 1939, in Cleveland, one of two children of Oscar and Rita Bergman. His parents hosted a radio show in Cleveland when he was growing up, “Breakfast With the Bergmans.” His father also worked as a reporter for The Plain Dealer."
"Mary Mercer – Founder of Mercer’s Hospital"
"(e) The yeast plants are killed."
"Brazil’s consumer prices will rise 5.11 percent next year, according to the median forecast in a Feb. 24 central bank survey of about 100 economists published today, up from the previous week’s estimate of 5.02."
"Finally, if christ loves his church so much, then where is he? Is he answering your prayers? Is he showing up to prevent natural disasters, starvation and other horrific ordeals humans have to endure? No? They why do you love him. God sounds like an abusive spouse. Maybe you should consider a divorce. Or at least choose to follow an organization that does not claim to focus on the family, but only spread lies, misinformation and deceit."
"It's the sort of movie where lonely, miserable people go around being lonely and miserable all the time. As a result, it'll probably make you feel lonely and miserable too. Unless you own shares in a duct tape company. It's basically one long advertisement for duct tape."
"\"What do you know about life? You deal in lies, treachery, and death. Life? You promise life but in the end it will be life that defeats you.\""
"Something about this is off. \"Few\" goes with countable nouns, such as dollars, but it doesn't seem to work in this sentence. It's almost as if the writer is suggesting he had 250 $1 bills and only a few were left."
"It was a lovely trip and I'm looking forward to going back next February. I hope to see the illusive Coqui frog. I'm actually thinking about writing a mystery about the frog you can easily hear, but never see."
"Can your students guess how the seeds they encounter get around? Do they flutter to the ground or float on a breeze? Will an animal eat them, bury them, or shake them off their fur? Could they bob down a river or on an ocean currant (bring in a coconut as a great example of a floating seed!)?"
"Thankfully for us, our apartment had never been subjected to any eccentric additions, and I doubt we would have bought it if it had as we wanted to avoid precisely the problems we've ended up with. It does however put us in the position of being the only ones with leverage against Ms B and Mr A (at least in their minds)."
"All I know is that I will cradle myself"
"In the end, I feel sorry for Mr. Stein, for he seems to have lost his way in the morass of adulthood and confused maturity with condescension. Truly, it is his loss."
"We arrived inAnchoragewith just enough time to see the hearing aid repair man. Within twenty minutes he was able to rebuild that ear with some spare parts he had sitting around. I was so happy I could have kissed him! But I didn’t, of course."
"Using a cutter or a lid of a tin, cut into smaller circles"
"Thank you for coming by. Take care"
"kindle/ebooks (some titles were free or almost free):"
"Cousins came to visit! This is Thomas. He's got some serious curls in his hair too! We had fun joking about all the curls in this family now!"
"Now, I'm one of those people who loves getting mail. Not bills, but real mail. The kind with beautiful handwriting of a friend or family member across the front, perhaps a little thick from heartfelt writing or a little something to lift your spirits."
"seem to relish, even provoke the raucous air"
"So of course mere hours after my last post, TH received the following:"
"We all got in line and climbed up the tower but as we got to the top, everyone else decided, after seeing how one had to contort oneself, to skip kissing the stone except for me. I told Sherri, there’s no way that I’m not going to at least try something that my mother did. I also wasn’t going to skip it after standing in that line, climbing up that tower for over an hour."
"CLARIFICATION – THIS BLOG AND MY DEFECTION FROM LABOUR DO NOT RELATE TO EXETER LABOUR PARTY OR BEN BRADSHAW MP. I HAVE SEEN NOTHING BUT INTEGRITY FROM PEOPLE I CALL FRIENDS IN MY LOCAL LABOUR PARTY. SUGGESTION OTHERWISE IS CATEGORICALLY FALSE."
"Julie posted on her blog just yesterday morning, HERE ,with excitement about the progress on her daughter's adoption papers and their upcoming trip to the US on May 15th. Julie and Timmy made a different trip and are in God's presence today. Life is fragile."
"More rapid than eagles his coursers they came,"
"-- I take group lessons, solo lessons and technical classes that explain precisely what muscle should be working where and when. Fair enough, it won't do you any harm."
"I had a friend who was a regular cast member with Lambda Psi Phi, the cast that performed at Blackwell Theater (then later at a sister theater when Blackwell went out of business, then at another theater after the second one went out of business, and so on), so I asked about joining up."
"I guess I am missing the drama of: lady friends in tight spandex dresses, pedicures, cocktails, plastic surgery, cat fights & such to make this a viable Reality TV show...but this is it...for now..."
"What is the infrastructure that supports your customer’s engagement with your products and services – and does it provide them with the best possible customer experience?"
"In my new apartment, we sacrificed a large bedroom for a kick-ass Chapel St location. Consequently we had to economise when it came to organising more clothes than David Jones. Aside from a lot of op shop donations and a quickly filling rubbish bin for dilapidated shoes, we invested in several under-bed rollaways to fill with winter clothes, now that summer was on its way (a bold move!). Today I pulled on my work staple, a tailored navy blue suit and patent black heeled pumps, and mused that very soon, this too would find a home in the tubs beneath my bed."
"Catering: Whitney Polkinghorne"
"available, but the prayer of petition does, and that power is dynamic in its"
"Tell your other fourth grade teacher friends about this post!"
"The bill of fare for Christmas week 1931 included an eight-member female dance troupe, which had just shared the bill with Crosby at the New York Paramount. One of these was Grace Bradley, a well-known movie actress in the ’30s and the widow of William Boyd, better known as “Hopalong Cassidy.”"
"The Grand Ole Opry® presented by Cracker Barrel Old Country Store® will honor its longest-standing member, Little Jimmy Dickens, with a Signature Show celebrating the Country Music Hall of Fame member’s 60th Opry Anniversary on Sat., Nov. 1 at the Grand Ole Opry House."
"Singapore should learn from the targeted immigration policy adopted by Silla and focused on getting immigrants who can integrate more easily into our society such as those from the southern provinces of China, Hong Kong and Taiwan of which a basic command of the English language is a must instead of accepting everybody indiscriminately like Balhae without studying if they are culturally, ethnically and linguistically compatible with native Singaporeans in the first place."
"Your tip this month - Whatever you do, do not book a ticket on that flight."
"2. Dream! This is the fun part! Search for some inspiration!! This can be found anywhere, such as a TV show (think HGTV), a catalog for your favorite retailer, Home & Garden magazines and of course, never underestimate the power of the internet. A simple Google search for \"Organized Office Spaces\" should do the trick. I also like to visit sites that are dependable pro's in organizing, for inspiration, such as: MarthaStewart.com, RealSimple.com and TheContainerStore.com."
"In the season's final two episodes, Will's investigation dovetails with the team's pursuit of a terrorist named Kateb, who is planning an attack on US soil. There are some very bold choices in these episodes--doubly so, as they both frustrate viewers' expectations from this kind of story, and clearly demonstrate the writers' belief that, despite its terrible ratings, Rubicon would be granted a second season. Even if the renewal had happened, I'm not sure I would have said that the season ends well--reintroducing Will into the office storyline allows him to take over it, and overshadow the more developed characters, and the season doesn't so much end as stop--so for all the praise I've heaped on Rubicon, I can't offer it any but the most qualified recommendation. I'd like it to be watched, and not just by television writers eager to embrace the fashion for 'realism' who maybe need a few pointers in how to do it well. There are characters here, like Kale, Grant, Miles, and Tanya, who I would have loved to spend more time with and that I'd like other people to get to know (if only because the actors, Howard and Roberts in particular, deserve recognition for their work). I can't feel too sorry for Rubicon as it aired, but I do regret the show that might have been, the workplace drama about people with an unusual, challenging, important job who are not always the superheroes they need to be to do it well."
"For entry level positions in the field of chemical engineering, candidates need to equip themselves with a bachelor's degree in engineering. Engineering degrees can be obtained in electrical, mechanical, electronics or civil engineering. Engineers trained in one branch can have the flexibility of joining other related branches of engineering. This flexibility benefits employers as well as engineers. While employers can easily meet their staffing needs, engineers can have multiple career opportunities to choose from and can also shift fields depending on the prospects and interests. Besides the engineering degrees mentioned above, many colleges also offer specialized courses or training programs in engineering technology, the duration ranging between 2 to 4 years."
"Just now, I have received by mail an ad from a journal called “The American Conservative”. This journal opposes the coming war with Iran, just like all other “imperialist wars”, out of conservative, anti-statist values. “War,” write the editors, “is in fact the true nurse of executive aggrandizement”. So it seems that in the American right, too, people recognize the “cow paradox” and are consistent with their anti-statist approach."
"values to illicit money and"
"Are you mourning the passing of spring?"
"Tuesday's statement said that earlier this month Defence Minister Ehud Barak signed a decree declaring the London centre \"an association illegal in Israel\"."
"The Automattic Worldwide WP 5k is set for April 29, but can be done any time during this upcoming week, between April 23rd and the 29th, from any place in the world. I am truly intrigued by this one as they motivated workers in their web community from 79 cities and 24 countries to run/walk a 5k on the same day last year!"
"OTFT seeks to eradicate these root problems by providing vocational training, in tailoring, and providing jobs that pay fair wages that allow the women to support themselves. We are working to bring industry to the rural areas that have simply been ignored. More importantly, we are also working to create successful female role models that can become agents of change in their own villages. The women in our Kadapa unit have become strong, independent females and have caused their rural villages to reconsider the potential of a woman and ultimately the potential in educating a girl. Most girls in the area are pulled out of school at Grade 5. We are trying to change that mentality."
"Breakfast buddies from years gone by warm my mid-week."
"“So I had a nice first impression then. That explains a lot! And if it helps, that cuts you out from the creepy zone”"
"resorting to quotations."
"out and he was left to the intimacy"
"A fun fact. I found out mine and Olivias connection (more than going to school in the same city) It sounds really stretched, but it’s actually not as far as it sounds. Cousins girlfriends sister-in-laws friend. That’s Olivia! Haha. Small world isn’t it?"
"So while the love triangle didn't amaze me, the story itself in this one was still incredibly fun--even if a lot of it takes place in our world instead of Nevernever. Also, IRONHORSE YOU DA MAN! Or wait, isn't it supposed to be YOU DA HORSE! Except that sounds crazy-weird. But you get my point. =D"
"The clock struck 5:00 pm, it was a Friday afternoon, and university wide the assignment inboxes were closed for further assignments. It was the last day to hand in final papers and projects. Tom sat at his computer screen with a glazed over look. Was this really happening? Had he temporarily blacked out from an energy drink binge the night before? He was such an asshole. What was he going to do now? “You have no new assignments in your portfolio” the screen red in dark red letters."
"When we met creators Zach Horvath and Travis Huse and learned about the idea they were putting together, it seemed like the perfect opportunity to encourage collaboration within the Austin community. The concept is centered around showing people what they can produce together through collaboration, and the execution worked perfectly in that regard. Zach and Travis put the Big Ass Mission best: “Big Ass Canvas is a cooperative art experiment that wants to bring in all the people of Austin…When great people come together with a common goal and a common focus…forget about it. It’s game over.”"
"None of this was inevitable, Karl Marx pointed out over 150 years ago the inherent contradictions of capitalism, the constant and unavoidable cycle of boom and bust. It was not just the capitalist markets which caused this either. The deregulation of the banking sector around the world by governments, in the case of Britain by the Thatcher government, and maintained by New Labour over their 13 years in office made it possible for the 'elastic' to be stretched further to create an ever growing credit bubble. As with an elastic band the more it is stretched the harder it will snap and this has all been made worse by the de-industrialisation of Britain, the loss of manufacturing jobs and the replacement by service sector jobs has meant the British economy is extremely dependant on the finance sector which has plunged us further into crisis."
"after 3 1/2 years of dating, we finally got hitched."
"Can anyone point out similar growth by those on the left?"
"Two teen delinquents team up to overcome obstacles and attend college despite their lifelong gang leader rivalry."
"But tragedy struck. A few days"
"In desperation, the townspeople decide to ask the stranger to protect Lago. He accepts, on the condition that he can have anything he wants."
"And the glucometer I use to check my blood sugar four times a day?"
"2 leaves of butter lettuce (yes, it's called butter lettuce)"
"In this day and age, I haven’t seen a lot of truly passionate individuals. Gifted yes, driven yes, but passionate? Well today was one of those days. I met a man, a father of two, who was so truly passionate about my wedding, more so than even some of my friends! Who was this man? All will be revealed in another post. (For specific reasons, I cannot tell all that I would like to just yet)"
"Jonathan Livingston Seagull"
"And so we think, “It’s a jungle out there! Strangers are hiding everywhere, with duct tape. I will not let them kill my kid!”"
"After our first three dates, Jerome had still not made a move. Shy and sweet, he was the perfect gentleman – by that point, I was ready for him to take a step towards not being one."
"How to decorate? That's the fun and the trick. Like the coat hanger/stocking sculptures these can go downhill during the painting process. When casting the hand remind the students repeatedly to smooth the plasters to they have a smooth surface to paint on later. Make sure students have a drawn out plan before they start to paint. I've started to require a simple symbol or image be incorporated into the design. It would be great to take one of the patterns from the common threads background and paint the hand that way. Animal prints work well sometimes...if done well. Some students have painted mendi like designs that take time and and a paint pen but look nice."
"(b) Draw the block diagram of PCM system and explain its working."
"Note: I slept in Steph's room until the spider was killed and removed from the house."
"May will be busy month on our blog, we're in alot of blog tours so keep an eye out for those and some awesome giveaways."
"4. The Detroit Lions trying to get a win is like me trying to get a date in High School…"
"ANCHORAGE, Alaska — Anchorage police have begun sending bills to people if officers have to make more than eight trips per year to their homes."
"Kind of like Curious George in the castle, I think."
"Melt down winter, budding spring"
"I will be releasing more reviews and more recent films I have seen in Cinema."
"Although sweet clover does not have any identified interactions, prescription drugs containing coumarin have been known to interact adversely with other prescription drugs, especially blood thinners, aspirin, and heart medications. Persons taking prescription drugs of any type should check with their physicians before begining a regimen of sweet clover."
"Dies used are Magnolia Lace & swirl Dies, and Nestablities Oval & Scallop Oval"
"The first convoy to leave Paris for Auschwitz contained 1112 inmates from Drancy. Between July 1942 and July 1943, 40,000 men, women, and children were deported from Drancy, mostly to Auschwitz. In July 1943, the SS took formal control of the camp under the odious Alois Brunner. (I don’t use the word “odious” lightly: in 1987, Brunner said during a telephone interview to the Chicago Sun Times, “The Jews deserved to die. They were garbage, I have no regrets. If I had the chance I would do it again…”. In 2001, a French court found him guilty in absentia of crimes against humanity. Last spotted in Syria, he is one of the few high-ranking Nazi officials believed to still be alive.) Brunner was able to bring more order to the running of the camp, but the brutalities and deportations continued. On 31 July 1944, just 25 days before France was liberated, the last train left from Drancy containing 1300 victims, including 300 Jewish children who had been snatched from a Parisian orphanage; the parents of most of these children had already been deported. The camp was finally liberated in August 1944; only 1500 of the 65,000 Jews who had been imprisoned here remained."
"Wait for it to dry. this could take anywhere from a couple of hours to a couple of days."
"monday with tate."
"Cardigan: La Redoute"
"My atheist group had a picnic in the country today. I had said I was going, but changed my mind a few hours before it started because I’m always ambivalent about events that include more than ten people. Then someone offered me a ride, so I went after all."
"I suggest we all start calling our local theaters to ask when they plan to show this movie, and make sure we attend one of its showings. It will be demonized by those who have a vested interest in the failure of the principles it contains, but you can be an individual and freely make up your own mind, after you see all three parts of the trilogy."
"A slight disappointment on Saturday (apart from Ballabriggs) was Samir Nasri who has hardly impressed me all season. On a scale of 0 to Cristina Pedroche (look her up), Nasri’s excitability rating scored relatively low when on the ball. His creative output can be summed up in three actions: hold the ball for two seconds, look around, then a simple 5-yard pass to feet. EVERY. TIME. I mean, that’s pretty much what I do. Not great."
"Have to tried these bars? They're 190 calories (5 weight watchers points) and loaded with protein. I'm trying to up my protein and stay fuller longer, and these babies seriously do the trick. I end my lunches with them because they're basically dessert too - double whammy in my book."
"Some other clearly Leftist initiatives that Mussolini took were a big expansion of public works and a great improvement in social insurance measures. He also set up the \"Dopolavoro\" (after work) organization to give workers cheap recreations of various kinds (cf. the Nazi Kraft durch Freude movement). His public health measures (such as the attack on tuberculosis and the setting up of a huge maternal and child welfare organization) were particularly notable for their rationality and efficiency and, as such, were rewarded with great success. For instance, the incidence of tuberculosis dropped dramatically and infant mortality declined by more than 20% (Gregor, p. 259). Together with big improvements in education and public infrastructure, such measures gave Fascist Italy what was"
"all of the hard work put into the club by all of our volunteers over many"
"This is the first time I've bought a used sewing machine and not been able to sew with her right off the bat -- disappointing, but I suppose it builds character. The seller said she sews and that's factually true but there's no way, judging from the condition she arrived in, that she was fully tested. They probably turned the light on, revved the motor, and called it a day."
"Till I find my way back to this blog, all my best to you…"
"The South African proverb used during the struggle against apartheid in recognition of women's power and strength. She was indeed that rock. May Allah ease the way for her and continue to fortify her from within. Aameen."
"This week, I found out I have plantar fasciitis in my left foot. The plantar fascia is the connective tissue that supports the arch of the foot. When this tissue gets inflamed, your heel really lets you know about it in a bad way."
"Thanks!"
"\"Ooh, Matron......\""
"F – There were a lot of Metal ladies/gals in the concert!"
"Here’s what happened…. I saw a bulletin board announcement about Disney coming and recruiting for their culinary externship program and thought it sounded like something I MIGHT be interested. I talked it over with Ty and the boys (who are so incredibly supportive) and decided to fill out the online app so that I could talk to a rep when they came to the school. I had a couple of concerns about my age and lack of kitchen experience so if any of that disqualified me from employment, I wanted to know. I was quite honest about all of that on my application. A few days later, I received an email asking me to set up a phone interview instead of waiting until they came to recruit on campus. I’m pretty sure this has a lot to do with my being an alumni of the college program (from 1989!). I did the phone interview and felt good about it. I get the whole Disney thing. I know what they look for. Truth is, I was expecting and offer. On Tuesday of this week, that offer came. I (again) talked it over with Ty and with his blessing, nay, his encouragement, I accepted the offer."
"And then my phone starts ringing – after three rings the answering machine comes on."
"Fight-wise, it's Iron Man, The Vision, The Beast and The Wasp vs. The Hulk, with Scarlet Witch, Captain America, Hawkeye and Jarvis making appearances around the mansion. As with the first issue, it's another fine throwback issue to a particular era, although with Fiumara's more highly idiosyncratic art—cartoony head shapes, long limbs and necks, expressive, slightly pinched faces—it doesn't visually reference its era of inspiration, and does a good job of looking very different than all the other comics on the shelf with the word \"Avengers\" in the title."
"Things were so much easier in Wordsworth's day - he didn't have up to date news from Paris. Things were so much simpler."
"I will not deny that effective, and easily accessible, contraception has benefits for individuals, however, millions of indigenous European children, whom nature intended to be conceived, have not been conceived as a direct result of the contraceptive pill, and the benefits, if any, of that loss to us collectively as European people are less easy to quantify."
"But when lawns start to exercise their right to strike, you have to ask if it hasn't all gone a little too far."
"GEORGE ADIE: A GURDJIEFF PUPIL IN AUSTRALIA"
"1 opportunity's"
"There seem to have been lots of layers creeping into submissions of late and in some cases a considerable lack of white space."
"Anise, caramel, earl-grey, clove and lemon, lavender, fresh mint, tiramisu, liquorice, szechwan pepper and cardamon are those to savour all year round. Then there are the seasonal specialities; caramel and salted butter with dark chocolate and ginger, or caramel with salted butter and mimosa blossom......"
"Now, I’ve given myself an assignment to do something marketing related every week (besides querying FIRE AND EARTH, that is). This week it’s author’s pages–Smashwords, Amazon, Goodreads."
"Katie foolishly runs off - with the CD player - and is chased. She assumes she will be, once again, eaten, but they only want her music."
"we have all withered like leaves,"
"This script just feels like it’s weighing me down. Most of my scenes, especially the last 20 pages, are just the characters rambling at each other, sometimes fighting, sometimes just talking. I’ve thrown them out of planes, had them fall off rock cliffs, and given them waterburn from water skiing. It sounds much more interesting than it is, but no director or producer is ever going to see this. No public is ever going to view this movie up on screen and say, “I hope her parachute doesn’t open and she splats on the ground.”"
"Did you know? They actually electrocuted Harold Sakata (Oddjob) in his death scene"
"The Alliance for School Choice, a national education reform group, set up PACs in several states to elect state lawmakers. According to Wisconsin Democracy Campaign, American Federation for Children spent $500,000 in media in the lead-up to Wisconsin’s recall elections. AFC shares leaders, donors, and a street address with ASC. Bill Oberndorf, one of the main donors to the group, had been associated with Voyager Learning, an online education company, for years. A few months ago, Cambium Learning, the parent company of Voyager, paid Oberndorf’s investment firm $4.9 million to buy back Oberndorf’s stock. Cambium currently offers a fleet of supplemental education tools for school districts. With the recent acquisition of Class.com, a smaller online learning business, the company announced its entry into the virtual charter school and online course market."
"(Repeat Chorus:)"
"1 model"
"Now one would try to start it generation by generation but would dare say that it would not always be that restrictive……. It may vary as per my admiration for the character (and mood) so bear with me who ever will read it,apologies before hand if it puts you off. It will be more in terms my understanding of these characters…"
"The brown cardstock really wasn't flexible or large enough, so we scrapped that idea. I found some brown wrapping paper though! (I taped the top layer circle to the underside of the football shape. (the circle has the holes for the risers to hold it into place securely)"
"It was quite a panel, filled with amazing insights and extraordinary thinking."
"Here is my card for this month's challenge. I hope Daddy O likes it! Be sure and check out all the Dueling Darlings creations. Their blog links are on the right side bar."
"I have my dining room and the table in it. Around this big slab of pine many great conversations have taken place with my children and good friends. Lots of food has been served at gatherings where we invite friends over and cook Indian food and talk and laugh. At the right angle you can see scores written from when we have played cards or Boggle or other games. Pine is good that way. It holds on to things. I may refinish this table in the Spring, but it is staying in this house because it has become an important place to me."
"NIV (Nyquil Induced Viewing): Perfect for that late night television sleep timer"
"93. Symarip - These Boots Are Made For Walkin' (2:54)"
"The choice of contacting you aroused from the geographical nature of where you live particularly due to the sensitivity of the transaction and the confidentiality herein. Now our company has been waiting for any of the relatives to come-up for the claim of the inheritance fund but unfortunately all efforts has being void. I personally have been unsuccessful in locating neither the relatives nor any next of kin to Mr. Saba. On this regards, I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / will beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at Eighty Five Million Dollars($85M) can be paid to you."
"As a Teen Institute, it is aimed at, well, teens. Students are able to attend as participants from the summer before their freshmen year of high school until the summer after they graduate. As a participant, teens are placed into two groups: First is a small discussion group of 8-12 teens and two staff members (depending on attendance numbers). The members of the discussion groups generally do not know one another before hand, and the purpose of the groups is to discuss the general sessions and workshops offered each day. The second group is a Community Action Team, and it is the heart and soul of the Illinois Teen Institute. Teens from the same area/school/community/etc work together to come up with a plan to improve their community, utilising the skills and information they have gained at the Institute. The CAT plan is conceived, planned, and carried out by teens, with adult sponsors or volunteer staff members present as resources. (As an aside, Operation Snowball, Inc. was the result of a community action plan from 1978, or thereabouts, that has become an international drug prevention program.)"
"I pray brethren that the preceding discussion has been of help in encouraging you to move through the “narrow door” into a personal and private discipleship relationship with the Father through Jesus. If you have that desire in your heart then you can be sure that the Holy Spirit placed it there. Pay heed, then, to that desire and seek the face of the Lord in prayer. If He placed it there He will confirm it and bring you to the open door to the Kingdom!"
"8. Yesterday, to celebrate the last day of school, all the kids in preschool went to the local playground in town and I went along to snap some photos. I never thought it would be so difficult. They run and run, all of them, all at the same time, with no direction in mind. The playground looked like an anthill. I tried to make some group shots but 3- and 4-year-old kids are not able to stand still long enough, let along able to look into the same direction, all at the same time, not even for maybe 3 seconds."
"...such a great place to get your crafty fix. They have a wide range of products, and if you play along with us this week, you could be the lucky winner that gets to shop for free! I can't wait to see your creations!"
"such as boots, blankets and bullet"
"The third possible route to victory lies in an early attack on Russia. This is generally least preferred of the three attacks as it leaves Germany’s two most likely enemies with a free hand in the west. Perhaps the best example of this attack is in 1973BI where Randy Bytwerk is in the process of destroying Russia single-handedly."
"But just then something begins to happen to Maki. His skin begins to take on a silver sheen. His muscles begin to expand. His eyes bulge out and form into an almost insect-like shape. Soon even his physical size starts to increase. Within seconds Maki has completely transformed into a bizarre alien creature, as gigantic as the monster he faces. But this new alien is very different from the reptilian beast. It has a basically human shape, though its face looks something like the insect-eyed aliens of various UFO legends. On its chest is a glowing red V-shaped mark. The aliens face each other, ready for battle. Just then Sara fires upon the reptilian creature. It turns, ready to snuff out her tiny life. But the humanoid alien stops the reptilian. Soon they are struggling with each other, threatening to tear apart the entire bunker."
"But what if the CEO, as in the case of Mel Gibson’s, was incapacitated due to overindulging in tequila? Some people believe that a drunk never lies, indeed the Romans used to use alcohol as a kind of truth serum (in vino veritas – in wine there is the truth), but all we can truly state about what was said on the night of July 28, 2006, is that Gibson is capable of anti-Semitism:"
"I never had a problem with my hospital appointments and she constantly took work off me so that I did not overdo myself."
"Hello bloggers, I hope everyone is well. I've had a bit of a change round on my blog and added a second sidebar so I could do some tidying up. The header etc is different too but it won't stay like this for long....I was messing about with backgrounds yesterday when something happened to my blog so that I could no longer open it (shock horror!) and it kept making my laptop freeze to even try and open my blog. So I didn't get a chance to change the background to something more crafty. I'm too scared to touch it now in case it won't open again!"
"1 pound lean ground turkey breast"
"First, it is the most common primary function, almost twice as common as the second- and third-most common, and firmly twice as common as the fourth- and fifth-most common primary functions. Second, if we examine the the two most common extroverted primary functions, we notice that both share Introverted Sensation as their secondary function. Taken with the commonality of Introverted Sensation as a primary type, we can see that nearly half the population has a strong reliance upon Introverted Sensation."
"If you want to understand"
"Sweet pea, I know just how you feel."
"City Lights - intro monument"
"-fear of reality"
"You will know that I didn’t want you to leave"
"Now, for us, excessive practice of concepts is busywork. My kids grasp & master concepts quickly. Once they master something, they don't need or want much review. So, we don't do extra pages of Math problems, unless they need it. I often have Jay do only part of a page of his Math, once he has proven mastery of the concepts covered. If he doesn't do a good job on the page, he has to redo the incorrect problems and do extra problems for the needed practice. As long as he's doing them properly, though, I see no reason to make him to unnecessary work. Dea only has to do the odd numbers on her Algebra assignments (it's a college text, so the lessons have anywhere from 70 - 130 problems)."
"The positive energy among the group was palpable. “Wow! Lucky us!” exclaimed the outspoken guy. He was right. This was a special moment, and we all knew it. The arch glowed an intense pink to match the sky, and just as suddenly as it began, it was over. The sun disappeared below the horizon and the colors vanished."
"This video is a hit on YouTube: the talking pizza scooter. The US-owned pizza chain Dominos has introduced electric scooters, to deliver pizza in Amsterdam. Since the scooters are quiet, they added voice-over advertising as a warning. German speakers will find it especially amusing to hear a scooter saying “Lekker! Pizza!”"
"Finallly the show ended and we plowed forward when people started leaving. We ended up in the second row next to a group of college guys who were tripping and high, completely sweaty and kind of annoying. By then we were packed in so tight it was hard to move around and pretty much impossible to dance. We were drenched in sweat because it was warm and muggy, no breeze at all so close to the stage. Luckily we had water with us. Some of the people around us were begging water from security whenever they walked past."
"Map makers over time"
"Place eggs in a small pot / saucepan and fill up with water until eggs are submerged. Place on the stove and heat until water comes to a boil. Use a spoon to move the eggs around occasionally so that the yolks stay in the centre of the egg. Let it boil for about 3-5 minutes. The eggs should be semi-hard-boiled. Turn off the flame, discard the water and place the eggs in bowl of cold tap water to let them cool. Using the back of a tablespoon, tap the eggshell all over to create cracks that are deep enough without the shells breaking off in pieces."
"I was depressed and after 2 years moved to sunny Florida to go to college at U of Miami."
"At the bench, it was pioneered by Bonbon Custodip and the surprisingly steady Eric Salamat, with Mac Baracael, Samigue Eman and Paolo Bugia manning the insides."
"Everyone got to wear fabulous wet suits."
"If you are just beginning or querying agents has beaten you down, start querying publishers. Keep sending out queries to agents, but focus on those publishers. You will increase your chances of success tenfold in the process!"
"I smiled as best I could, but even to me it felt as brittle as spun sugar."
"Switchin' - 8.0M"
"Her dramatic death unleashed a tidal wave of speculation. Alex Jones and his Infowars organization pointed out that Palfrey had repeatedly stated in interviews that she would not commit suicide and stated that if she was found dead it would really be murder. Her mother had no signs that she was suicidal, and some handwriting experts claimed that the suicide note was either forged or written under compulsion. Journalist Dan Moldea told Time that Palfrey had told him she would commit suicide before enduring prison again, but Jones pointed out that Moldea has a known history of fabricating quotes. In the end, it doesn’t really matter whether she put the noose around her own neck or it was put there by men in black: it was murder in any case. There is no moral difference between directly executing a victim, inducing her to kill herself by threats against her mother and sister, or driving her to suicide via persecution, robbery, psychological torture and the looming threat of a horrible jailhouse death by rape, torture and disfigurement. “Suicide” has been the preferred method of execution for women who embarrass the rulers of decaying republics since at least Roman times, and the purpose of the kangaroo court which precedes the murder is merely to humiliate the victim, to tantalize her with false hope of acquittal and to allow the sleeping masses the illusion that there is still such a thing as justice."
"To make matters worse, a young girl’s body is found buried on the Carrington estate is unearthed years later and Peter is indicted for murder–days after he returns from his honeymoon with Kay."
"As an editor, you have to put yourself in the place of a moviegoer and ask yourself, “Can I see these things occurring?”"
"No, Contrary to popular belief, he hasn’t fallen off the face of the earth...he’s just been workin’ on a new album and it will kick your ass! this event is not an AMA event but since we love Keith like a brother we had to let you know! ** FREE and open to the public **Family Wash – 2038 Greenwood Ave., E. Nashville.11pm Anne McCue @ 3rd & Lindsley - our Aussie cousin (and winner of our Airplay Direct Americana/Folk contest) will be playing songs off her wonderful new record “East Of Electric”"
"Its latest Most Requested Songs of 2009 charts are now available for PDF download from DJ Intelligence. These are songs requested for all occasions, wherever a DJ might be spinning, from weddings to parties."
"The House amended the bill on the “highest average salary” calculation, called “HAS.” Current law uses one’s last three years to determine the salary on which the PERA annuity is based. HB 1150 changes HAS to seven years for new employees hired after January 1, 2013."
"When all is said and done, who will be the last woman standing at Nigel's side?"
"Having said that, my daughter's just pointed out that, were they truly wealthy, they'd have a maid to do that stuff for them. Which is true, but I still think my cup cake wealth indicator has a place in the pantheon of socioeconomic theory."
"Warner recalled the Mayo Clinic had done some research looking at the epidemiology of learning disorders in children born from 1976 to 1982 in Rochester, Minn. Out of the 341 cases they reviewed, children with no anesthesia exposure or just a single exposure to anesthesia had ADHD at a rate of about 7.3 percent. Children who had two or more exposures had ADHD at a rate of 17.9 percent. The researchers also tried to adjust for other risk factors, such as gestational age, sex, birth weight, and comorbid health conditions."
"Directions for cooking the chicken: Place the chicken in a large pot and fill with water. Cover and bring to a boil. After it is boiling, reduce heat to a low boil uncovered. Let the chicken cook until it is easily shreddded with forks or a pair of tongs. I usually let it simmer about an hour. When it is falling apart, remove it a few pieces at a time to a large bowl and shred it. Pour the broth from the cooking pot over the shredded chicken, as you are shredding it, about a half cup at a time. This will prevent it from drying out. Add just enough liquid to be absorbed back into the chicken. Save the rest of the liquid from the pot and use it to make Spanish Rice or any other dish calling for chicken broth."
"I already contacted dclives and we’re planning to do Zutto Shiawase na Kiss in this format."
"(CD cover for one of the albums...yes I have the season 4 album, and the Winx in Concert dvd (English versions which are mostly easy listening))"
"4. Melt 2 T of butter and add 1/4 cup of milk. Keep the mixture warm on low heat until the potatoes are done."
"1. Buy us toilet paper, milk and beautiful whole grain bread."
"A stricken look passed over Keith’s face. “I think it’s the least I could do, after Bill—”"
"I went into the 10k knowing full well that my unpredictable knee might decide it didn’t feel like running that day. Still, I had a goal of beating my 10k time from last year – 60 minutes even."
"As you may have noticed I haven't been posting on the blog too much recently. This is, in part, to it's success; I've been playing too many games and getting too many models painted to actually blog about it!"
"I love that word. It means that it finally has happened! It is a word that shouts out \"CELEBRATE!\" It represents change for the better."
"- Most runway models meet the Body Mass Index physical criteria for Anorexia."
"twosix added:"
"1. Cook your soba noodles according to the direction on the package. Throw dried shitake mushrooms into the hot water while noodles are cooking. Once noodles are done, drain noodles and mushrooms. Rinse noodles with cold water, and pull out mushrooms and squeeze excess water out of the mushrooms."
"Check your stores for a display of New Keebler Fudge Bars with FREE after Rebate forms attached. I found these forms on a cardboard display at Walmart, but saw the empty display at another store over the weekend."
"The fried chicken plate has 8 pieces of chicken, but it really is just half of a whole chicken. It was crunchy and juicy, and served with a sweet sauce on the side. Something I would definitely order again."
"to the short, less expensive, equally as fabulous"
"- Hoard coins. I was trying to figure out how to not give the bus my quarters, since I did not have a dollar bill, and then I remembered - it's ok. The US government makes lots of the little shiny discs. I did not need to hoard them to myself. I could feel free to spend them."
"The Ideal Wish- Early Morning Laps"
"SOUNDTRACK: It takes two to make a thing go right! It takes two to make it out of sight! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
"Plugins/UIToolkit/UI.cs"
"lined-out their hymns in the trees beyond the barn,"
"Yogis, mystics and saints from all traditions have experienced and spoken about these things. One of the Christian saints, Saint John of the Cross, spoke of the necessity to go beyond all boundaries one has known. Form, he said, must yield to the formless in order for the soul to be fully emptied. Samadhi is a certain state of equanimity, where the intellect goes beyond its normal function of discrimination. Once the intellect is on hold, the boundary of what is you and what is not you collapses."
"Why does everyone from IITs or IIMs or any engineering college, has a story to tell?"
"Be sure to check out what my DT has been up to all through the month of December. They always come up with inspiring creations!"
"Except that the Featherweight threads right to left, and this one threads left to right. Which was a bit of a WTF moment, but we got past it."
"I hate how I feel, I hate that I want to barf all day long, I hate that my doctor told me I need to increase my calories and I can't because I can't eat. It doesn't sound good it doesn't feel good. My muscles ache so much these days like I can't walk properly. My arms ache and my stomach HURTS. I am torn because my doctor is considering lowering my chemo dose because he doesn't think I am handling the side effects too well. But then I worry the chemo won't work right and feel like I'm failing these dumb drugs too. I feel like I am stuck in a poor little old lady's body. I am only 34 and I am sad because I just want more littles and I want to have more energy, and I want want want. I want none of THIS (STOMP STOMP STOMP)"
"I empty the full glass"
"Cause he worked hard for it"
"tall ladder clanging every time"
"No one around? SOCIAL MEDIA CONTAINS THE WORD “SOCIAL” FOR A REASON! Sure, Words with Friends and Farmville are cool, but the reason for Facebook and similar sites are meant for keeping in touch with people, not imaginary crops and animals."
"Whaddya think?"
"Maybe this sounds cliche, but it's true. If you want to lose the baby weight (or ANY weight) you can't indulge ALL the time. But you can indulge sometimes :) I have my occasional Starbucks Frappuccino or yummy pastry. However, most of the time I now eat to fill my body with nutrients, NOT because I want to get pleasure or joy from the taste."
"The years since 1996 have been turbulent for the band. For a period from 1996-1999 the band used lead singer Gary Cherone but did not find success on the charts."
"“Then we have time to do what we need to do,” Grue spoke. He used one foot to drag one of the dining room chairs out from beneath the table, placing it in the center of the kitchen. I hurried to his side to hold the seat in place as he hefted the limp body from over his shoulder and set it down. Shadow Stalker nearly tipped over, but together we caught her and leaned her back. Her head lolled."
"Be one of the lucky winners to receive a free template from Creations by ARl Each AR Designer will give away one of the new templates, so you'll have plenty of chances to win! To participate, click on the links below and leave a comment! That's it!"
"“His smirk.”"
"So here I am, asking for directions. It's shameful that I can't even muster the energy to make a case against JC. I know that my lack of interest is founded on ignorance and prejudice. I'm sure that a man who dominated Europe, crushed Republicanism in Rome, and slept with Cleopatra ought to be fascinating. I'm ready to be converted. If there's a Caesar fan out there, please tell me what I have been missing, and point me in the direction of the book or website that will light my fire."
"As far as my Statistics exam…..Lets just call it a learning experience. I just want it graded and given back so I can go over the holes……Today seems to have a theme (crappy paper, crappy exam). I don’t even want a do-over on this one. I just want to go to sleep."
"(Over on my other blog, I'm discussing the renal system, by coincidence. Well, I say 'discussing', I'm actually just saying how thick I am and how fabulous our kidneys are. It's not the same thing.)"
"commuting – that was time for me, a break"
"In music hip-hop and rap are not only valued above blue grass, but they is now valued above the classical greats, and certainly never mocked and disparaged in the same way. When the public watch the popular soaps they see dim and dawkish whites confronting bright and confident blacks and their cop shows are all about white crime, black heroes and politically correct victims."
"Retta Fox is stepping away from The Altered Alice tea table; we wish her all the best in her future creative endeavors! Please join us in thanking her for all the fabulous inspiration she has provided to The Altered Alice and to me personally. I am SO GRATEFUL for her contributions each month, and I sure hope she'll stop in from time to time to participate as a player in our Challenge Chapters. I know you will be inspired by her projects below; what a great swan song to her journey down the rabbit hole with The Altered Alice!"
"Pillars burn 17 hours an inch without dripping or tunneling."
"As I’d suspected MORE THAN A MONTH AGO, we’re looking at a coverup at the Conservative Party headquarters. March 6th was five days after I’d already explained to some political parties how Elections Canada investigators could quickly get to the bottom of the RoboCon election fraud by reviewing audit logs in CIMS. Instead, I had to figuratively tear my hair out while I read stories of Conservative-friendly call centres “reviewing” tapes of calls to assist investigators, and statements by the CPC that EC had not yet asked for backup tapes for CIMS circa May 2, 2011."
"Sucking dry the well,"
"Welcome to Scrapping with Lisa's Designs Design Team displaying Lisa's file Flower Garden, http://www.scrappingwithlisadesigns.com/item_33/Flower-Garden.htm, which is available in her store. There are 5 great flowers which the Design Team will showcase in various ways to show the versatility of this file."
"1. When you watch the next episode of Basketball Wives, you'll have the satisfaction of knowing that you too, will have a chance to visit the same restaurants, boutiques, and hotel as Evelyn, Jennifer, Suzie, and the rest of the gals. You might even spot one of the gals since the second season was just picked up by VH1."
"I commit myself to investigating why I only ever take self respect and self dignity so far and then give up on it."
"Baking stone"
"in my vision. in my mind."
"A table of Boot Hill encounters is next from Dominic Beddow. This is generic enough to be used in any system dealing with the Wild West. I might try this in Ghosts one day, I have had a desire to have an adventure in America."
"As street lamps pour orange colored shapes through your window,"
"‘Do not think that I came to destroy the Law or the Prophets. I did not come to destroy but to fulfill.’"
"We had an executive chef, but we did not need him, we had a general manager, but he was the big boss and was too busy with his own stuff to bother with the likes of us. Then we had the food and beverage manager and it was this man who was the one who ‘ran’ the hotel. For him we were the ‘doers’. It did not matter who did the job as long as it was done!! So for PK Mohankumar we were all the same, we weren’t individuals, we were the team!!"
"Mr Mumbles is a scary character and you introduce others throughout the story. Are your publishers open to all your ideas or do you have to censor yourself and tone down some of the horror elements because of your target audience?"
"Although the Axiom closed in 1992 and gave way to a similarly-themed venue called Catal Huyuk, followed by Harvey’s in 1994, I still thought of that club as the Axiom. Accordingly, I’d have to say my favorite ever Axiom moment came at a Noodle show in 1993, when our guitar ace Jonathan Toubin vomited on several people in the crowd while his mother watched from a safe distance. Being part of that was definitely a watershed moment in my musical career."
"18. If you ever decide to live today like it was the last day of your life, tomorrow would be hell after all the crazy-ass shit you pulled today!"
"Whatever the outcome. I will Trust You God."
"But the former Bar Council president’s call was not heard by most of the crowd who persisted around the historic square which the court had already barred to the public over the weekend."
"Top Camera App"
"(Brooklyn, Dec. 7, 2009) - This week, Bridge Cleaners & Tailors will kick off the National Cleaners Association’s annual “Coats for Kids” drive. The mission of Coats for Kids is simple - anyone in need of a coat will have one. Bridge Cleaners & Tailors, a premiere dry cleaner located in downtown Brooklyn is accepting gently used kid, adult and baby sized winter coats from December 7, 2009 – January 31, 2010. This will start Coats for Kids 25th year of service. Coats collected will be donated to the Brooklyn Bureau of Community Services."
"Okay, I love a lot of things about him, and now he's in Argentina, which I simultaneously love (he's with his family at Christmas-- what could be better than that?) and hate (he's away from me so soon after finding this sublime connection), and I am here... relishing in the knowledge that there is this amazing person in the southern hemisphere who is missing me as much as I am missing him."
"Can character actors become just too famous?"
"A Girl in Every Port is a buddy film which tells the story of two sailors (Victor McLaglen and Robert Armstrong) and their encounters with various women in various ports of call. Brooks, under contract to Paramount at the time, was loaned to Fox for the film. She plays the girl from Marseille, France. Myrna Loy, Sally Rand, Leila Hyams, Natalie Kingston and Maria Casajuana (the soon to be Maria Alba) are among the other girls in other ports of call."
"Trans-Siberian Orchestra took off before their was even a Trans-Siberian Orchestra. Maybe it was denial by the general public but they just did not want to accept that the cool heavy rock sounding Christmas song was played by a band named Savatage. Regardless of names, the public loved the song: Christmas Eve (Sarajevo 12/24) and mainstream radio added it into their holiday play lists."
"And Mr. 7 has no interest and no idea- I don't mean anything bad by this AT ALL! Believe me I am very proud of him and his ability to stay true to himself. He has a passion for art and has said since he was 3 that \"When I grow up I am going to be an artist. Actually.... I already am one!\" (He is my child responsible for all manner of magnificent philosophical statements as mentioned on an earlier post.)"
"On a beautiful Saturday afternoon at one of my favorite Mexican restaurants Peso’s Mexican Cantina, I was able to meet with the very eccentric Londyn Lyná. Meeting her I was able to see the fun loving spirit within her; I even got her to do her British accent!! This 24 year old artist representing Atlanta, GA is the most down to earth person that you will ever meet. Not only does she sing but she also plays the piano and clarinet. Her background in music is derived from a spiritual one, she is also inspired and reflective of Erykah Badu, Amy Winehouse, Sade, Ella Fitzgerald, and Count Basie just to name a few. “I love composer and pianist Richard Smallwood, I like a lot of old jazz. I make classical music with a contemporary sound.” When I asked Ms. Lyná what type of people she surrounds herself with she responded, “I surround myself with people like myself. I realize all of my friends that I hang around talk about music all day. All we do is music and that’s all that matters.”"
"This is not a “do we deserve to have Our Lord die on the Cross for our souls” question. It is a question of how men treat one another. In this society, the context that we have created for ourselves, does humanity have the right continue existing, continue hoping?"
"MPKEN Blog (mpkenblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time."
"Today, I helped a friend look for apartments, and ended up stumbling into the home of the two singers from the band Prince Rama."
"Then we have the other two halves of my pumpkin sets and finally the hurricane filled with silk leaves."
"But I honestly think that's the nature of today's publishing market. It's just so much tighter and so much more competitive that you really need to have something that sticks out."
"and married him. They weren't in love with each other ... more"
"Sometimes this level of awareness can be overwhelming."
"Epoxy-based coatings may contain trace amounts of BPA. Scientific evidence evaluated by regulatory agencies in the United States, Canada, Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand has consistently shown these coatings to be safe, and regulatory agencies have stated that human exposure to BPA from epoxy-based can coatings is well below safe exposure limits set by government bodies worldwide."
"It was a fun morning. Within minutes of getting out of the truck parked in a field of grass all three kids and Nathan were sneezing. Nathan and I just laughed about it."
"What doe is look like? Well, Glad you asked..."
"I used a file from Creative Kuts called, what else, \"It Won't Hurt\". I have to admit, though, that I cut all of the pieces and left them for a day or two. By then, I couldn't tell one body part from another, so I cheated and cut a body from the Paper Doll Dress Up cartridge. I will probably add some embellishments around the pictures whenever we get her ears done but here it is as of now."
"Cut 48 small stars (or other shape) from remaining pie crust (re-roll dough as necessary)."
"Bed is a bundle of paradoxes; we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late."
"REF:- IMF/FGN/8809 INSTRUCTION TO RELEASE YOUR INHERITANCE"
"So there you have it. My take on 2012. Do you like to make resolutions? What are some of yours this year? I hope you all had a great New Year's Eve and celebrated exactly how you wanted to!"
"What's YOUR favorite theme park?"
"I couldn't."
"I saw a preview of this movie when I went to the Alamo Drafthouse Slaughter Lane training day. I can't write a review of Jiro's restaurant, but the psychological aspects of the documentary struck me as remarkable. There really won't be any spoilers, as there really isn't a traditional plot, per se."
"The plot, however, failed for me. I felt like Beth’s character, played by Taylor Schilling, didn’t have realistic reactions to what was going on. She was angry at Zac — I mean Logan — at times that I didn’t quite understand, but I’ve luckily never suffered the loss of someone so dear to me, so maybe it’s just not an emotional journey I understand. I wasn’t as connected to this movie as I am other of his works… I didn’t even remotely feel like crying once."
"Their song “I Am A Shadow” was a great introduction for me, and I hope it will be for you, too. The song is apparently about one person who feels a sense of solitude that won’t go away, even while being mixed in with an endless crowd of people. Yet even through it all, he doesn’t lose hope. (Emooooooo. But I looooooove it.)"
"Just a quick post for my coffeehouse fans:"
"Foiled: U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach, left, and FBI special agent in charge Stephen Anthony walk past a map showing the location of a bridge on Ohio Rt. 82 south of Cleveland on Tuesday, May 1, 2012"
"Deborah Riley-Magus’ Creating an Effective Business Plan"
"1 Cup Cooked Orzo"
"Thanks for stopping by today!! Tomorrow will be my last post here at HALLMARK LADYBUGS! It's been FUN and I hope you've enjoyed it too!"
"II Corinthians 5:21"
"Well, I know I said on Saturday that i'd be back with my Cinco de Mayo card but I never got back to finishing it. I crawled back in bed Saturday afternoon for a nap.....ended up there till almost supper time! Then it was showertime and off to pick Kelsey up from work. Then we did make it to Edgar & Amy's Cinco de Mayo party but I went empty handed without my card. I am still gonna get it finished up and posted, I promise!"
"\"He doesn't know anybody here. He just came down here, so he was bored, so he walked down to the store. He was on his way back home. I'm living down here. He was sitting on the porch and this man killed him.\""
"Yeah, I thank God each night, and twice on Sunday,"
"the perfect concoction of alkie hell."
"P.S. I'm almost done Nathanael's birth story. Just want to add a couple of pictures yet."
"I decided to write about trying to balance my unbalanced life. sound familiar? I am a wife, a mommy of three, a full time assistant branch manager at a bank, and a part time photographer. My dream is to one day be a full time photographer. (I will do it. I know I will!) for now, I try to balance everything and it's so hard sometimes."
"Thanks for stopping by♥"
"Brads & dewdrops from stash"
"OK, DEFINITELY not cool."
"Hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving. The first one I was able to enjoy, and didn't have to be at work at 4am!"
"By about 11, though, I knew I was going to give in. I worked for this; I deserved this; I was damned-well gonna enjoy this. I bought a pack of Marlboro Black, feverishly ripped open the cellophane, ruthlessly tore out the golden paper and ripped out a fag. I looked at it, held it to my lips and, already, began thinking of the thick, slick flow of warm smoke that would gently caress my throat as it wound its merry way into my sadistically grateful lungs. I lit up. I sucked. I inhaled. Veni, vidi, vici."
"We've been on curvy and treacherous roads since July. Literally.Metaphorically. Roads with names like Shock, Grief, Funeral, Memorial, Probate, District Attorney, Crime Unit Investigations. We are tired and worn out. We sleep poorly. Our patterns have changed. Our foundation has shifted."
"A spot alit"
"“Yes?” Henna set her drowned thing gently on the counter and heated up some milk she had found and set it in front of the drowned thing, which seemed to be wiggling and making high-pitched noises."
"\"Joe?\" Annika asks in bewilderment, \"Who's he?\""
"Click the icon for your instant Aussie Franciscan-Roman Calendar for 2012."
"Here' s the gig--I am a writer. I firmly believe in the powers of the First Amendment and the protection of free speech in this country. The First Amendment is one of the cornerstones of our Constitution."
"I did this card at Scrapbooking Heaven on Monday and they LOVED it. It was a few too many pieces for me to cut up and pre die cut and emboss 12 of... but what the heck I love the outcome and so did my students. I sprayed the background with a very light lavender BV000, by leaving the Spellbinders die on the image while spraying it, you get a white outline which I love."
"SCC: I always worry about the music I mention in a book, fearing it will date it. Was that a concern for you, or did you want TINF to be marked as being of this particular time? Did you have a special playlist for the book, and if not, what did you listen to while writing it?"
"The research uncovered how racist chatter often permeates the workplace."
"If I hadn't stopped reading before, I would now. It's a jumble of plot lines and confusing as hell. Simplify."
"Now see? this post about \"Pam\", on Eartha Kitsch's blog, just gets me. About how everything we are, gets thrown out, or if we are lucky, sold off when we die. Or at least, some of us lol. Do you think about this? I do. Too much."
"(Caitanya-caritamrta Madhya 24.258 Purport)"
"'As you can imagine I’m devastated, heartbroken. I’ve been in bits for the past few days. When you share an intimate moment with someone that you love and you care about and trust you never imagine for one minute that that footage may at any point be shared with the rest of the UK or even people around the world. So as you can imagine it’s a pretty tough time for me, but I don’t feel that I should be the one to take the heat for it or the stick. This is something that he took upon himself to put online... and he’s now sitting in silence pretending it’s not him on the tape, when it is.'Mr Edwards also used Twitter to respond to Tulisa's accusations. He tweeted: 'To find the truth both sides of the story should be heard b4 passing judgement thatisall'. Then a short while later he also tweeted: 'I believe in silence being a sign of integrity but in this case I guess I'll have to speak up and Lay out the facts and let you guys decide'."
"Melis Nemid is treading in dangerous waters and she’s about to be dragged under. As a marine researcher, Melis knows all to well the dangers that can lurk under even the calmest surfaces. But not even she can guess how deep the darkness runs. Only one oceanographer ever came close to discovering the deadly mystery that lies beneath the sea and he’s disappeared from the face of the earth."
"There is no grand launch or ceremony. I'm frantically busy trying to complete Katie in Scotland anyway. But later in the Autumn I am going to the Cheltenham Festival, to the British School in Paris and giving a string of workshops at the National Gallery (details will appear on this Katie site as and when...), so Katie isn't going to be neglected!"
"Similarly, the Nigerian Music Industry Coalition have requested that all broadcasting stations dedicate time on the same day to granting and airing interviews, debates or any other program related to artistes rights as a way of supporting the cause."
"This petticoat is in clear and present violation of the mission I set myself when I began this blog, which was to create clothing that I would wear on a daily basis. At the moment, it will join several other cream and lace pieces in the side of my closet that holds the “fun clothes”. Y’know, the old clubwear, goth gear, formal attire, stuff that gets an airing once or twice a year at most. (This doesn’t even count the actual dance costumes, which are all in the basement.) The best I can hope for is that its presence will spur me to create some circle-skirts or things of that nature to wear it with. Once, y’know, it stops being winter. Well, serious winter. Skirts can still be worn in mild winter, but it takes greater fortitude than I possess to wear them in real cold."
"Wednesday’s demonstration was part of a coordinated statewide “Day of Action” being promoted by the Illinois Federation of Teachers. The IFT encouraged local union leaders to organize members in their respective communities to gather at local legislative offices in a quest to make the union’s position clear to Illinois legislators."
"Which means that I didn’t get all grr about it and that is huge!"
"SPOILER ALERTS"
"I started this blog post a few days ago, and subsequently changed my mind about publisihing it, for the simple reason that if I continued to write it I’d lose my temper and do something silly. Adorning the top of this post you will see two images. Look VERY closely at them for they are documented proof that freedom of speech and expression in this country is not only dead, it’s decomposing and leaving a stinking, rotting stench behind. A stench which I fear is spreading, rather fucking quickly. Let alone the lack of any sort of legitimate justice."
"This is a World wide giveaway open till June 20, 2012 and I can ship it to anywhere you live in this world. Anyone can participate in this if you fulfill the following requirements."
"Ian saw the hurt in me, he was sweet, he said he'd take care of me. But he had business to do in that town and I worked in different towns each week driving in a beat up car to strip in this bar one week and then another next week all over Alberta and Northern B.C."
"Ok, well that's my update. Hopefully I will now be a better blogger!! Who knows, maybe one day I'll even finish that meme!"
"Scallops!"
"This is just something I don't want"
"Some of the lyrics go like this:"
"The most efficient vehicles for moving things on highways are trucks, and the bigger and faster, the better. The most efficient vehicles for moving people on highways are \"over the road\" buses, the high floor kind with one door at the front. If you don't care about the costs to yourself or others, a sports car is the most effective way to move people (yourself and maybe one other person)."
"In my view the State and its Agencies must perform in an exemplary fashion if we are to progress. A good example is worth a thousand words."
"Like Adam, our first conspicuous ancestor, I must begin, and lay the blame upon a woman; I am glad to recognize that I differ from the father of my sex in no important particular, being as manlike as most of his sons. Therefore it is the woman, my Aunt Carola, who must bear the whole reproach of the folly which I shall forthwith confess to you, since she it was who put it into my head; and, as it was only to make Eve happy that her husband ever consented to eat the disastrous apple, so I, save to please my relative, had never aspired to become a Selected Salic Scion. I rejoice now that I did so, that I yielded to her temptation. Ours is a wide country, and most of us know but our own corner of it, while, thanks to my Aunt, I have been able to add another corner. This, among many other enlightenments of navel and education, do I owe her; she stands on the threshold of all that is to come; therefore I were lacking in deference did I pass her and her Scions by without due mention,—employing no English but such as fits a theme so stately. Although she never left the threshold, nor went to Kings Port with me, nor saw the boy, or the girl, or any part of what befell them, she knew quite well who the boy was. When I wrote her about him, she remembered one of his grandmothers whom she had visited during her own girlhood, long before the war, both in Kings Port and at the family plantation; and this old memory led her to express a kindly interest in him. How odd and far away that interest seems, now that it has been turned to cold displeasure!"
"On September 18, 2001, a new virus attacked United States operating systems. The worm was given the name Nimda, and it was an advanced version of Code Red II. Some might say that the Code Red viruses were created in preparation for the much larger Nimda attack, which was executed the week following the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon. Due to the release date of the virus, members of the American government speculated on a link between the cyber attacks and Al Qaeda, but this theory ended up proving unfounded. The American media did not report much on the virus because of the terrorist attacks."
"Do you have any professional souvenir photos in your collection? Where would you most like to have your photo taken on vacation in this fashion? Know any places that still do the old fashioned in-a-portfolio photography? Lemme know!!"
"» Officers throwing beer and liquor over patrons;"
"And if I need more reason to minimize those slip-ups, I can think about how great it was to try on a special favorite Halloween “spider” sweater that I bought years ago and kept just in case I slimmed down. It fits (yay!), and I’m looking forward to wearing it again for the holiday this year!"
"Below is a pic of ladies waiting half an hour before my scheduled timeslot. I decided to slip in an extra demo due to demand!"
"The latter became, in fact, a favorite greeting and aspiration among Spaniards everywhere, particularly in the following form: \"Alabado sea el Santisimo Sacramento del Altar! Bendita sea la Limpia y Purisima Concepcion de Nuestra Senora Maria Santisima sin mancha de pecado original!-Praised be the Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar! Blessed be the stainless and most pure Conception of Our Lady Mary Most Holy without the taint of original sin!\""
"So to celebrate the end of the football season (and the start of the cricket season!) the theme for this challenge is:"
"Winners not only get my NEW book, THE BIG ASS BOOK OF CRAFTS 2, they will get all of the colors of glitter blast sent right to their front door. Just a few simple rules to enter."
"Garlic - 4 pods, medium size, finely sliced"
"to hell with tensile strength, sheer strength"
"Then I made my way around, behind the rope and started snapping pics with my phone since I forgot my camera at home (booo!). At least I was able to get a decent spot."
"sky to sky"
"I was super excited to get to team up with FunBites and try their Luv It Funbites. As I said before, my girls \"LUV IT\"! They actually eat more and have FUN while doing it. I notice they like to play with the shapes and make neat little designs before eating it. I find this product both FUN and educational, by simply letting children use their imagination to make pictures with the shapes and then get to eat their art work! I found it to work well, and would recommend FunBites!"
"This year - it has been nearly a year since I got laid off, and eight months since Sam, my husband, left - has shifted my view of myself and my life in ways I never could have imagined."
"Paul Chambers (b)"
"You wont see any blogging this weekend from me. I have decided not to bring the computer with me, and just take this time for family and hopefully getting some relaxation in while I am at the hospital. So I will post some pics and do more blogging next week! If I have any giveaways that say they have ended, but I havent actually posted the winners yet, feel free to still enter. I will extend their closing dates to when I get back next week to pick a winner."
"Do you have and know how to read and use maps?"
"In order to preserve the views to the rear yard, an open steel staircase drips down from the upper level, inviting visitors to come upstairs. The cantilevered treads are clad in solid walnut, matched to the kitchen cabinets. The stair leads past the double height glass wall, allowing one to take in the view of the minimalist landscape in the rear courtyard. At the top, the master suite moves into the rear yard. This private retreat features a generous open plan with free-standing closets and private balcony."
"“Tsuchigumo is a fearsome shape-shifting demon in the form of a gigantic, hairy, ground spider. It is expert at spinning illusions that draw people into its web so that they can feast on their blood.” p 170 The Mythological Creature Bible, Brenda Rosen"
"Boil whole wheat pasta according to the directions on the box. Smother in the sauce of your choice and mix in mozzarella cheese and crushed croutons or garlic rounds. Continue to cook until the cheese is melted and serve! This dish goes great with a Caesar salad on the side."
"What do these places look like that he is describing?"
"Saturday evening was designed as a bit of a silly game, round robin crafting! We made more ATCs, this time cutting a set of five each and then working on the set for 10 minutes before passing the entire set on to the next person and receiving a new set. The instructions were to keep each set of five as a set, so they were all similar but that we could do different things to each set. (so I inked one set, stamped on another set etc). We all signed the backs in the order we received them. Then at the end we each took one from each final set. The odd thing is that all five of the ones we ended up with also work well together, in spite of the fact we didn't co-ordinate our choice of colours for the bases or know what we were going to be given in the next set."
"8. Circle Of Stone"
"Against time that swiftly flies by"
"And all that we suffered through having existed"
"Too busy tasting the real thing in the dark"
"AND….if your body is not as healthy as it could be, the Doctor then diagnoses and prescribes a process to get your body better!"
"Four grey walls, and four grey towers,"
"Is the sky the sky to itself."
"It is fun to experiment with my pantry items, however, keep in mind the bulk of what I eat is fresh, organic fruits and vegetables, prepared simply."
"As you can see, it’s a predominately white area with the major minority being Black or African Americans. I also grew up in a household that was overtly anti-racism, and I follow in that ethic. The thing that I think is most important is that until perhaps today, I didn’t realize that despite my willful attempts against racist thought and action, I am truly quite guilty of it."
"Those were countable losses."
"They set up home at a farm called Esgair Llaethdy (this translates to Dairy Ridge) and for a time were very happy. They were invited to a Christening, but the wife was reluctant to go as she felt the journey was too far for her to walk. He encouraged her to catch up a horse from the field to ride, and she said she would if he got her gloves from the house. On his return she still had not moved to fetch the horse, and in jest he lightly tapped her shoulder with the gloves, saying \"Go, go!\" And so the first blow was struck."
"Using HypnoBirthing I ended up having the dream labour. Contractions started at midnight. We arrived at hospital about 4 o’clock 5 cm dilated. I was in the birthing pool by 6 AM and to the surprise of my midwives gave birth at 7:23 AM with no drugs required not even gas and air. I would describe the pain as uncomfortable, but my birthing plan indicated that the midwives not offer me pain relief unless I asked, and the uncomfortable feeling was not significant enough for it to cross my mind to ask. Clearly HypnoBirthing had a big part to play in achieving this. Additionally I did not tear at all and have not been sore since. I put this down to the perineal massage suggested by HypnoBirthing."
"Debut single from long lost Manchester noise merchants Rude Club , The Band released 3 singles and were then dropped with an album ready to be released.... boy would i love to hear that now!!"
"When thickened, remove from the stove top and add in the chestnut puree. I am a little paranoid, they look a little grainy so I blitz them with my stick blender and strain them once more to make sure all I get is a perfectly smooth velvety chestnut custard."
"I’d imagine the Highlander Scotch Ale is just about gone and I’m not saying that to incite rancor among the beer folk – it’s just a statement of fact. In the interest of full, detailed and honest research, I’ll endeavor to make a stop at Old World later this week to see what’s flowing from the taps. Geez, the lengths to which I’ll go to fill this space with beer drivel."
"One fine afternoon, while everyone was working, there was a sudden yell from the grasses a few tens of yards away. Everyone ran towards the place. Shankar also ran. Everyone searched the place thoroughly. No one was found."
"Is taken to the kitchen by the maid,"
"3/4 cup feta"
"Also - Bias Binding from stash and used Nesties and Cuttlebug to die cut the image and mat."
"23Saying, The doors of the prison were safely shut, and the keepers were at the doors, but when they were open, there was nobody inside."
"There's another trick I've learned, too, but it's late. I think I'll save that one for next week. I should also say that I know I had talked earlier about consequences that involve the cooperation of the child (like handing over a phone or doing extra chores). There is a time in your child's progress where that can work, and James (and I) are reaching it. In the past, we could not go there, and I needed to really learn to scale things back to the extremely simplified method above. Only very gradually can you introduce discipline in which the child struggling with RAD can take part in voluntarily giving up a privilege, or taking on a chore. Know your child, and tread lightly when moving forward. Sorry I did things kind of out of order, but I hadn't really planned this series out in terms of what and when I would introduce concepts. In other words, I'm flying by the seat of my pants here, so please bear with me. If you want to revisit any of the topics in attachment I've already covered, here are the links:"
"\"Oh that's okay,\" I said. \"I'll wait.\" Then I threw in a sweet smile just for the fun of it."
"-Make sure every sock in the house has a mate (I've been hearing a lot of, \"I can't find the sock that goes to this one.\""
"Austin American-Statesman"
"There is some regional variation. For example in Australia, the chase car is judged on how accurately it emulates the drift of the lead car, as opposed to being judged on its own merit, this is only taken into consideration by the judges if the lead car is on the appropriate racing line. Other variations of the tansou/tsuiso and the tansou only method is the multi-car group judging, seen in the Drift Tengoku videos where the four car team is judged in groups."
"BLACK signals a new direction for Ezard, delivering an Australian grill menu that focuses on beef and seafood. The venue is cool and slick, a mix of elegant booth seating and leather upholstered seats, fronted by floor-to-ceiling glass windows that look onto Pyrmont Bay."
"I do hope you’ve found a way to grow where you are, and if so, I’d love to hear about it. Shoot me an email: choosingtogrow@meaganfrank.com."
"That you get to know,"
"Batman (Danny Elfman)"
"Gregory: President Chris Christie says"
"(And speaking of worldly, Stoneleigh is switching over to the much-lauded IB diploma program next year – very exciting stuff! I plan to keep tabs on their progress, as I suspect their academic program is only going to get stronger as a result of the change.)"
"ROMNEY: First of all, my investments are not made by me. My investments for the last 10 years have been in a blind trust, managed by a trustee. Secondly, the investments that they’ve made, we’ve learned about this as we made our financial disclosure, have been in mutual funds and bonds. I don’t own stock in either Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. There are bonds that the investor has held through mutual funds. And Mr. Speaker, I know that sounds like an enormous revelation, but have you checked your own investments? You also have investments through mutual funds that also invest in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."
"When most parents search to find childhood heroes for their children, you have one who lives with you every single day. There is no greater hero than a man or woman who serves his or her country. For four years, mommy and daddy were so lucky to live among these brave men and women in Beaufort, SC. Knowing that they were entering the Marine Corps during a time of war, each week we would get to see these brave recruits come to Parris Island so that they could be made into a Marine. Each and every time I entered the gates of PI, I was overcome by a sense of gratitude the likes of which I had never experienced before."
"I cut the frames out with my nesties."
"Any profits from the debates and from the two-hour Malcolm Hardee Awards show on Friday 26th August will certainly go to her Mama Biashara charity."
"I'm still sorting out my photo files and came across these pictures from last year's Carnaval. I can't believe I forgot to post these!"
"Reading, listening to music, doing the ironing whilst watching (these days) interesting programmes on Sky Arts 1 or 2 (I know they're Murdoch-run, but they're really good) and running."
"He likes pumpkins."
"a black flag with them skull and bones"
"Me: Uh huh"
"In the weeks following the Eid al Miloud, pilgrimage celebrations (moussem-s) are held all over Morocco at the shrines of local awliya saints. Possibly the biggest of these celebrations is the moussem in Meknes for L-Hadi ben Aissa, eponym of the Aissawa brotherhood. Pilgrims from across the region and across the country descend on Meknes for a 2 weeks of devotion and renewal, and nights of trance music."
"Finish with a light dusting of loose powder. I use a powder puff to apply mine. Rolling and pressing in a downward motion."
"I’m counting on Dad, he walks with me, and provides me my every need; according to his wisdom."
"Anwaar: Tradition, how dare you. Society might have been incapable of seeing your wrath but I have not. I will fight you! My sister will live on through me. I will continue her work, and I will break tradition."
"by Donal Mahoney"
"They were miraculously delivered from Pharaoh’s army through the Red Sea; food and water were provided in the desert, though there was little-to-no natural food or water in that desolate place; shoes and clothing did not wear out during years of desert wandering; God’s very presence continued with them in the cloud by day and the pillar of fire by night; they were protected from sickness and disease during their time of wandering as they followed the laws of God."
"The world literally stopped and it became every man for himself. Anyone exhibiting signs of illness, any illness where tossed onto the fire. It was only the ones that didn’t scream that they knew for sure was truly infected, the rest was chalked up as casualties of war. Those still unaffected fled in fear of contracting the scourge, while others fled with infected loved ones not wanting them to be destroyed. In the end whole families were decimated. Jacob was lost in the chaos, he had been sneaking into the hospital at night trying to discover its origins while Reilly worked at identifying the first victim. They both thought if they could trace the out break back to ground zero they might have a chance in understanding how it worked. Now that Jacobs was gone and the world had gone to shit Reilly had given up hope. There wasn’t anyone left to interview no more leads to follow, even the hope of death had been taken away from him. The stiffness in his muscles was worsening. He couldn’t even hold the pen any more, his fingers were so ridged. All that was left to him now was undying misery."
"A note on the term “Zebra.” In the context of the NOI’s genocidal campaign, “Zebra” has been considered by many blacks to be controversial, and even racist. They are offended by the term’s black-on-white imagery. The term was employed by the SFPD, because the Department reserved radio frequency “Z” for all broadcasts related to the specific killing spree at hand. Killings were considered a part of the spree that were committed execution-style by a black against a white, using a .32 gun. (Only after Anthony Harris came in, did police discover that the machete killing of Quita Hague was a Zebra killing. Police also did not associate the Hague killing with the Zebra killings that followed it, because Jesse Lee Cooks sexually molested Quita Hague, and robbed the couple.) For clarity’s sake, all military and police organizations use a term for each letter in the alphabet. Thus, when one refers to “A Company,” one instead says, “Alpha Company;” for “B Company,” “Bravo Company,” and so on. One proceeds similarly when reading off a license plate number to a police dispatcher. For Z, one says “Zebra.”"
"Pop it into the fridge to rest for at least 4 hours or overnight."
"Gotta be cool, gotta sleep round"
"The screaming persists, and Bruce tries not to pay attention. The rounds in the outer chambers are the size of AA batteries, the middle large enough to accept a shotgun shell. Bruce pulls one of these from another pocket, lifts it to his eye, glances left, then sets it into the waiting barrel. Closing the breach with a flick of his wrist the follow through carries the weapon up to firing position, the rest of his body taking position with a smooth practiced motion."
"Don't just write what you know. But don't just create, either. It takes both."
"Cono Sur sparkling brut"
"The Los Angeles Times, in the grand tradition of biased, left wing urban newspapers has 'distinguished' itself yet again."
"After all, thousands of Americans and other Westerners have been slaughtered in the name of such sentiments, part of an on-going Jihad against them and all infidels."
"–BE INSPIRING and BE INSPIRED!"
"We stayed in nearby Bellingham at the Riverdale Hall Country House Hotel. That was nice if a bit pricey. Food and service were excellent."
"Please hop along with us! You have a chance to win one of the above stamp sets! Just comment on the following blogs (don't forget this one), each day for more chances to win! We will announce all four winners on December 16, 2011 on the Mark's Finest Papers blog. You can go back and comment if you missed a day. The winners will be chosen at 11PM EST on Thursday December 15, 2011."
"The White Cuckoo was written in just the way every novel should be written. To anyone reading this who is facing writers' block or who can't make progress with their novel, for goodness sake don't worry about anything. Write cliches, adverbs and do everything wrong. Don't stress at this stage. Just get it down and enjoy the writing. It took me a month to write the first draft. All that is wrong can be easily mended afterwards."
"Now of course all of these people had these reactions before Oprah made her recent announcement (and devoted a half hour of her show) that the Kindle is one of her favorite things. However, if you watched the reactions of those receiving their free Oprah gift you might also notice that for every person who was overjoyed there were two who were confused and a fourth looking for her car."
"ONION SARAZA"
"The ladies in my local market refer to me as \"darling\"."
"And, I pray."
"Arthur Opp, a college professor who slowly, painfully, removes himself from society, eating himself up to a hefty 550 pounds, a weight that effectively inhibits his ability to leave his home. His only connection with the outside world is the correspondence that he's been sharing over the years with a former student, Charlene Turner. In his letters Arthur invents a fantasy life for himself, the life he should have had, teaching, socializing, and traveling."
"What makes it even worse is that nothing is established or foreshadowed or even introduced properly. (Conor certainly isn’t, which is part of the reason it’s very difficult to like him. The fact he’s incapable of telling an actually funny joke is another part.) For instance, Conor and his father are rescued by his mother shortly after their arrival in Tir Na Nog, which stuns Conor, since he’s been told his mother is dead since he was a little boy. But when does Lenahan introduce this fact? Right after she rescues him, which removes any impact the event might have had. This is essentially how the whole novel goes, to a frustrating degree. Conversations that introduce important things—like, oh, the plan for storming the castle—are referenced on the spot as if Conor has really, really poor short-term memory or is just really, really bad at telling stories. Plot points are brought up as afterthought, which means that even when the novel tries to be serious, it’s incapable of impact. To be completely fair, there are a few spots where Lenahan tries; for instance, Conor has a charm on him that keeps family from murdering him (a very useful trick in Tir Na Nog), which is how he discovers that he and Fergal are distantly related. But for the vast majority of the novel, it feels improvised, and poorly at that. On top of that, a lot of these characters are just… dumb and sometimes inappropriate. Late in the novel, Fergal believes the villain about what happened to his parents—despite the fact that he magically saw the true events some time prior, making him a complete idiot for doing so. Also, Conor ogles his mom twice. And the second time he knows it’s his mom. Yeah. That happens."
"A Silver aide contended another section of the law - barring the release of information constituting an \"unwarranted invasion of personal privacy\" - justified Silver's refusal."
"Devour winning stories, work out why they’ve done well. Look at the few chapters of yours that agent didn’t like, and be objective. Do they really stand out from the hundreds of others on the pile that day?"
"Too, I feel like I have a purpose in mind. For so many years, \"just surviving\" was my purpose. I was very young when I became a parent, and the children pretty much all came at the same time. At 22 years old, I was a young newlywed. At 23, I had premature twins. At 25 and 4 days, I had my third child. Three kids under the age of 2, and I was barely out of my childhood myself. I didn't know what I was doing. I couldn't hardly see what God was thinking when He gave me all those kids, I was so sure I couldn't do it and that I was going to majorly screw them up. So often, it was all I could do just to get to the next day. I couldn't let myself even THINK past that next day, much less plan and dream about what might come after it."
"B: I have a job for you."
"Volunteer as an Active Travel Champion for Sustrans and we’ll provide you with all the training, resources and support you need to inspire people to be more active, whether you want to volunteer within your workplace, community or school."
"This year I am affirming simplicity by making the choices to clear clutter (inner and outer), making the time to meditate (got off track over the holidays and felt the loss of grounding immediately) and making the things that are most meaningful to me a priority."
"Shankar was enjoying this exotic beauty. In fact, he was lost in his thoughts while staring at the savannah. Beyond that baobab tree, southwards to Cape Town, spread the whole continent, containing mountain ranges, lost cities of Zanj and Zimbabwe, the huge and hazardous Kalahari Desert, lands of diamond and lands of gold…"
"- Today I am adding the finishing touches on a large project before my client's parents come to visit this weekend. This job had a very tight budget, I am excited to share it with you to show you some of my \"tight budget\" sources and tricks!"
"Following the \"Crimpwerkzeug\" theory, the senate judges that re-establishment may be requested even after expiry of the one-year-term"
"Stampin Write Markers: Calypso Coral and Lucky Limeade (2011-2013 In color assortment(#123002)), Riding Hood Red (#120971), Blush Blossom (#100037), Old Olive (#100079), Sahara Sand (#105105, Daffodil Delight (#119677)"
"Elvis Costello – Declan MacManus"
"Rather than allowing people to decide for themselves what voluntary risks they wish to take with their own health, “Smoke Free” proponents and their progressive government partners seek to enforce a risk abatement strategy onto property owners that is inconsistent with the very definitions of autonomy, freedom and self determination that allow people to make such decisions on their own. Corporate solicitation of government intervention to achieve this end in order to generate profit is despicable."
"By now, most people have known of the latest teen book craze – the Hunger Games. Apparently this has been some crazy phenomenon even before the movie has come out, but now it’s really gone to the wolves. What I remember of the Hunger Games before this year was the time my school newspaper attempted to do book reviews my sophomore year and Mockingjay, the final in the series, was enthusiastically reviewed by the features editor. I promised her I would read the books but never managed to…until now. I didn’t get a chance to read before watching the movie however."
"Or did you finally get away?"
"For when I am lost, and alone,"
"Soon after the birth the man formed a relationship with another woman who became his wife and they had children. 'The fraud that took place over the years deprived him and his family of a huge amount of money which otherwise they would have been able to enjoy,' counsel remarked."
"Moorman WJ, Skaggs SR, Dankovic DA, Shaw PB, Turner TW, Chapin RE, Schrader SM. Benchmark Doses from Lead Induced Spermatoxcity in Male Rabbits. J Andrology 1998; 18: ."
"AUTHOR NOTE: If there are any of you who'd like to help my husband and I adopt a child, please feel free to use the donate button below my About Me. Any amount would be splendid! I'm forgoing cupcakes and creating a 'baby jar' rather than my usual 'cupcake jar'."
"“Is the kid still trying to get out of here?”"
"New York State is among the winners in the Obama administration's Race to the Top Phase II program, awarding $696,646,000 in new education grants for the state. In the midst of these harsh economic times, this funding will ensure that New York's children are provided a better opportunity and improved access to quality education."
"I am still learning how much to warm her up before we go work. Seems if we lope and I sit and she stops right away she is ready to work if I have to help her stop she needs more loping. It's hard to know how much to do. Charlene's horse can probly be loped for hours before cause he gets so excited, but Jessie not as much but I don't know if too much would be bad for her either (as long as she isn't super tired)"
"Best Costume Design CRAZY FOR YOU Peter McKintosh – Regent’s Park Open Air"
"I live in a small town. The city is about a 15 to 20 minute drive away. My own consists of .."
"Following a tip that her daughter was in a brothel in a northwestern province of Argentina called La Rioja, she posed as a prostitute and visited a series of dark and dangerous brothels looking for her daughter. She wanted to see how the networks operate, first hand and up close."
"Mix in olive oil, salt and peper to pumpkin, potato and swede (or whatever vegetables that take your fancy)"
"And, to make her job harder, the child's carers had completely disguised his horrendous multiple injuries by putting some chocolate on him. How was she supposed to see through that? There was nothing in the training about that. Hope the tribunal solves your problem, like, Maria."
"6. whirl, whoa-whoa, wa-wul"
"The city was festive. In preparating for Easter holy days all the churches were decorated with these sawdust drawings. On sunday there was a huge parade through town which drew hundreds of thousands of spectators."
"Art is a powerful and valid form of expression, as is music and any other kind of talent. However it does not define me as a person. I am not the sum result of my work. I am the sum result of the people around me, the God I serve and what He says about me, and each day as it comes. How I treated the people in my life, how quick I am to forgive and to give and to extend grace. Those are my daily challenges."
"I looked at my cell. Noting the time, I gulped. Any minute now...."
"The arrival of some belated Christmas presents has also seen an influx of new toys in the house and he is exhibiting excellent taste! His favourites are a wooden bear charm from Germany (a gift when he was born that clips onto his clothes) some soft fabric cubes my sister made, and a handmade sock monkey we bought in Canada. All of which sound quite strange, but crucially they are all handmade! The plastic toys make great noises, but are apparently not quite as alluring at the moment - That's my boy!"
"Preview of upcoming features: another hat, another sweater, more hockey, and a very special birthday. Stay tuned. You don’t want to miss a single episode."
"I’m not the kind of person who is focused only on how a person looks. Yes, there must be some sort of attraction, but a personality goes a long way. My cousin’s husband was alright to look at, and she said that his brother looked just like him. I had met his family at their wedding and didn’t remember this, but perhaps I wasn’t paying attention. After all, I was a bridesmaid in their wedding and had broken my foot the week before. Instead of walking down the aisle on crutches, I took two shots of tequila and walked down pain-free and crutchless, but alas, that is a different story."
"Xiao Ya is beginning to tell stories and sing, is into any game that's related to water or food, and likes things that don't seem to be favorites of many toddlers, such as broccoli and brushing her teeth. She's also a clown, sometimes picking the wrong answer to a question (like a color) on purpose and laughing about it. She's fond of running around without any clothes on, waving her arms demonically, but my early gift to her teenage self is to leave no photographic trace of this particular pastime."
"Æla"
"When every wavelet is tinged with gold,"
"Pertaining to the dream a young Bouwer had of conquering the tennis world, – Bouwer has this to say, “Growing up I really wanted to be a professional tennis player. I wanted to conquer Wimbledon and all those big tournaments. Unfortunately, I was one of those kids that had to work much harder in order to get somewhere… and I guess I was a bit lazy. I also discovered the Happy Meal… But I still love tennis, and luckily I still get to play a stringed instrument… it’s just not a racket but a guitar…there’s strings none the less.”"
"I'm so excited to revealing the entire stamp sets of Snowman's Prayer and Gingerbread Holiday. Here they are, I hope you love them as much as I do! Stamp sets are now available for purchase -HERE."
"ob/gyn appointments."
"BBBBBBrrrrppppp, rip, ripp, pow \"Perdone,\" I heard from the back..."
"My sense of humour has returned. It was gone for a long time. I missed it. It still has a little way to go but it's getting there."
"While the source material for this film is the stuff of low-grade pulp novels, Orson Welles elevates it using his normal gift for composition and a few directorial flares. These include some choice closeups, a ridiculous court room scene, and the brilliant and famous mirror sequence at the end of the film. I confess though, that I am still struggling with Welles’ awful Irish accent."
"The Tories are privately less sure than they are publicly, but they do think they have a chance of sneaking a win in Rushmere, and are hopeful that Tory voters in Whitton & Stoke Park will actually turn out for Sandie Doyle and Bob Hall. Worries about losing Holywells have receded over the last few days."
"The second reason I am motivated to create more buttons is a new venture my mother and I are collaborating on together. I will be reopening my second shop at Etsy soon, and she will be selling hand-crocheted hats, small bags, cell phone holders and e-reader covers; and repurposed fabric items and ornaments from vintage linens I have collected over the years."
"EXTERIOR: BREWOOINE -- DESERT -- DOLLARZ HOMESTEAD -- AFTERNOON."
"Y. Yummy food that you make: Potatoes Au Gratin and I make some great porkchops."
"your vocabulary."
"“There is nothing for it but for all of us to invent our own ideal libraries of classics. I would say that such a library ought to be composed half of books we have read and that have really counted for us, and half of books we propose to read and presume will come to count – leaving a section of empty shelves for surprises and occasional discoveries.”"
"I still haven’t gone that much into it. Spain, France, Sweden, Norway and Germany are places where theres some potential, not to mention Switzerland. If anyone in these places or others is interested in organizing a meeting or event, feel free to contact me. About doing something in USA, I had planned to go to the next SelfReliance Expo, but settling is taking bit longer and I just wont be able to make it. We’re happy but relocating the way we did to a place that is completely new to us takes time and lots of work."
"Dr. Scinta goes on to say, “there is not a huge rush to fix it or they will die”….and yet, that seems to be exactly the argument the doctors in *favor* of weight loss surgery for adolescents are using, and backing it up with some sobering statistics. Even Dr. Oz is on record in both USA Today and Prevention magazine as having no qualms recommending gastric bypass surgery, a procedure he considers essential in the fight against obesity."
"It isn't that I can't concentrate at all, but there are only certain things that I can consistently concentrate on. One of my defining qualities is that I am full of crazy mad ideas which would be quite a plus. I think that I could be good at it. I think that I would like it and I believe that I could handle the stress of doing this better than other types of stress."
"Maybe he really likes me."
"Warriors are never sorry"
"2.Nail Polish Diet: Paint your nails when you feel like eating."
"You won't find bridges like this in the middle of Smalltown, Iowa. But you also won't find miles of corn fields planted on Lake Erie. Whatever the setting, no matter how boring it might seem, there is something unique about it that can be used to bring relevant conflict and adventure to your story."
"37. A sense of Oneness with all. A direct experience of this Wholeness. Transcendent awareness. Being flooded with compassion and love for all life. Compassionate detachment or unconditional love for all is what lifts us up to higher levels of consciousness and joy."
"And you can see some of what Mr. Esposito is doing in Las Vegas, with this YouTube video interview with CBS News mainstay Steve Kroft, honored by the RTDNA with the 2010 \"Paul White Award\":"
"Its good. I don’t need things. I don’t need attention. I don’t love the day. I have learned not to let myself get worked up with unmet expectations. It’s a trap. It’s from hell. It’s not where I am going to let myself go."
"6.Keep in medium flame and stir often."
"We had a fight of sorts a few days ago, on our way back from Amsterdam (after seeing the Gotan Project live; they're very entertaining, although sober Dutch audiences are painfully boring). I thought it was all over that night, he was so upset and angry I didn't know what to do. I don't want to talk about the reason for the fight because it's too complicated and nuanced and I'm not a post-modern philosopher, so fuck it. All I remember was thinking how I never wanted anyone to stop being angry with me more then I did then."
"How many kids would you like to have? How many siblings do you have? Was it a tough adjustment going from one to two (or three or four...)? How did you (or your parents) try to help smooth the transition?"
"When people dread the position of not dancing, is it that they are not feeling validated for their worth? The same kind of dread that some people have of growing old alone and not having anything to show for their lives when they die? And in the metaphor, is the dance the DNA we want to share, the bit of ourselves we want to pass on to exist beyond us thereby immortalizing ourselves in some small way? Do the seconds on the clock ticking towards the end of the milonga represent the days of our lives, and does every dance represent the loves -- or at least, the couplings -- we will have? Consequently, does a milonga devoid of dancing represent a life devoid of companionship, and the dances we did not share signify the increased likelihood that all that is ourselves ends with us?"
"If you decide to watch The Hangover and then get offended, you're an idiot. Worse, I suspect you were secretly looking forward to the opportunity to talk about how you don't really find crude humor that funny the entire time."
"Jonah understands and rushes Phat in anger, getting a rifle butt to the head. Mei Ling is led away to Peking."
"Aroma – 4.5/5"
"My second question is, why only guys go to heaven with virgins? What happened to good patriotic God-loving Muslim ladies? What will happen to them after death? Do they get to go to heaven with long and strong seventy-two men?"
"It would also put off the very controversial decision to end Saturday delivery."
"And foolishly stated this to a coworker."
"From the perspective of the order of man, we understand how we are to do things is according to the structures created by man. From the perspective of the order of God, we understand how we are to do things is according to the structures created by God."
"Built upon the noisier elements of the three core members' previous bands, Kukl plied a domineering allout punk-goth racket, indebted, stylistically at least, to the Fall, Killing Joke and Siouxsie and the Banshees (although there are will be those in Iceland who'll dispute any Killing Joke influence!)."
"B-Side's, \"Feels Like it Should\" starts with a distant Sergio Leone twang electric, the bigger delay is on the vocal this time. The Fresh and Onlys... Frankie Rose should be taking notes a bit, or Ski lodge, this one is going more pop than psych, wrapping around melodies, surf kettle druming electric plinks like Abe Vigoda, synth bells chiming. Then throwing back to A Psychedelic Furs or Modern English feel, I know what you're thinking but that After The Snow album is a fantastic unappreciated gem."
"11/12/2008 - Vancouver - Vogue Theater"
"The list of foods they eat is short, so any time a novelty is accepted I am over the moon. These chicken fingers of Melissa Clark´s were gobbled up enthusiastically yesterday. Or rather, a hastily improvised version, with pork, no more spice than cumin and garlic, and I cooked them under the broiler instead of heating up the oven. This means it´s a golden recipe; if you can improvise so much and it´s still delicious it´s a weeknight winner."
"After the rain. After the rains."
"22. They are hidden in a secret folder on my computer and I hope if I die, that no one finds them."
"4 explain"
"I love the fact that there are all types of malls and shopping places here. Our family is not the shopping type but we still have the satisfaction that we can get anything (American or otherwise) here in Saudi Arabia."
"Bit of bark off me... and her. She did have a bit of a tyre track on her back and some fur missing from her leg. Sorry Pooch!!!"
"- Buy a cheap shower curtain or shower liner to put under the highchair for easy cleanup."
"It is also a great opportunity for Brasov to market itself to the rest of world as a great place to come on holiday and a great place to invest in."
"We can't guarantee beautiful weather next year; it might be colder. We hit 60 degrees one day! I saved it:"
"That's not going cheap in the sales"
"1 - 10 oz bag of peanut butter chips"
"Crawling From The Wreckage -- Dave Edmunds"
"yearbook's film."
"The instructor provided him anfortable framework to acquire the spellings and said- 'So, by tomorrow, you essential to be thorough in these language, said the educator!'"
"After the craft show, I opened an etsy shop."
"It reads as if Dr. Evil wrote a novel intended to make heads explode. Laws are written expressly so that only lawyers can decipher them and then argue about the translations in court so as to make fistfuls of dollars. As far as I can discern, the “Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012” is actually the “Spectrum for Stuff” bill, which we all know is not a new concept. Congress regularly pretends to raise revenue by auctioning spectrum in order to pay for something. It will be interesting to see what the august body does once it finally peddles off all the TV spectrum."
"My dad traveled constantly while I was growing up for his job, all over the world, sometimes for weeks at a time. He was a journalist and photographer, who would cover events to do with the arts. When he was on these trips our whole family (my mother and the five of us) would have slumber parties in the den, and watch Davy Crockett and eat pumpkin pie."
"Somewhere between the lobster brisque and the salmon in oyster sauce I overheard him rather triumphantly congratulating himself on his choice of soiree while his partner nibbled at the only remaining half a breadstick in their bread basket that he hadn’t scoffed yet."
"A covey of doves resides on this barren tree. They come and go, vacating when blackbirds fly overhead, knowing better than to stick around where they might be attacked. They are almost the same size as the blackbirds, but they come and go in a mild way, resting between foraging trips down in the garden, and know precisely what to do when they see blackbirds advance toward them."
"It’s a fair question. In a very short time, the Metropolitan Police have gone from being thought smug and over-protected to being very obviously incompetent and incriminated. It’s been obvious to maybe a hundred or more of us for nearly three years that several senior officers were either bent or stupid; now even we are slightly surprised to find that it was both."
"What a way to begin the week after the long Easter weekend. First, we got the news about baby Afreen in Bengaluru, whose father has allegedly beaten her to death. He did this apparently because he wanted a son and was mad at this wife for producing a girl. Then in a village near Jalgaon, Maharashtra, a 19-year-old girl was strangled to death. The chief suspects are her father, uncle and grandmother. The reason: she was in love with a boy from another caste. And in Mumbai, the police arrested a 20-year-old man who was trying to abduct two minor girls."
"There are many versions of begedil and each family would prefer to cook it in their own types of ingredients. I prefer the method below which is simple but the end result is nice! Kids would love this begedil very much."
"Nous avons des voleurs de tomates. Les écureuils qui envahissent le jardin sont les premiers accusés."
"Under Google News it is not uncommon to see a large number of sources filed under news stories covering particular events. It is to be expected to find multiple news sources from around the world covering unfolding events. However, what is unexpected is to find a similarly large number of sources under news items that are clearly “opinion” or “editorials.” Just how is it that “journalists” across the Western world simultaneously come to the same conclusions at the same time on the same topics?"
"a week later was my doctors appt. I was terrified because I was sooo afraid something was wrong with jordan.. this was the first appt i was going to alone, and I was so afraid."
"“Son, if it flies, floats or is described by word formed by the acronym of “for unlawful carnal knowledge”… Lease It.”"
"In your swipe at us, you essentially said that while we were busy hating you at home, world leaders were busy extolling you abroad. “President Obama commended me,” you said, like a teenager asked out on a date by a cheerleader. Eeyaah! Maybe I should tell you that President Obama commended me too? And I never met him. I have a letter written and signed by Obama to prove it. In the letter, Obama called me his friend. He even sends me emails every Friday. So what is the big deal? I noticed that Obama’s commendation wasn’t all that when I discovered that it doesn’t mean a thing to my children. And frankly, I am more interested in what my children think about me than what Obama thinks about me. Also, I saw the picture of you taking instructions from Hilary Clinton. Her pose was not that of someone commending. It was more of someone commanding. And your pose wasn’t that of a lion or a Pharaoh or an army general. Yours was that of a school boy taking instructions from the headmistress. You said that you can change Nigeria without being a Nebuchadnezzar. Well, so you know, we don’t care what you are or what you want to become. All that we care about is to see the changes. No need talking. Just show us the change!"
"*Medium - Promarkers"
"I carry for you the light of forever. And the candle of hope for all things. For all things are of hope. And hope is your destiny."
"If it’s a muscle strain or just general neck stiffness, a few handy tools like the pocket physio or the spiky ball can help. All you need is a wall and you can use those tools to find the exact spot if it’s a trigger point or just use the spiky ball to roll out over the general area where your muscles are tight. A tennis ball or lacrosse ball works just as well. You can even roll out your upper back on the foam roller and that’s quite nice too. Don’t spend too long on it – just 15 minutes will be enough."
"We started our Master Bedroom redo over Christmas break...."
"Are you dead yet? Amazing, right?"
"Farmer #1: Whoa! That’s some pretty scary stuff about owning all the seeds."
"Do you make time for your family? With them... not watching them like at soccer."
"in which music is intertwined with the prosaic textures of everyday"
"Fragrant, rich nose of honey, lychees and apricots."
"You might be a Democrat saying, “I don’t support any of this crap.” I point out that you are in fact a liar and a fool: BECAUSE THE DEMOCRAT PARTY LEADERSHIP THAT YOU HAVE KEPT IN POWER DOES. And when you vote Democrat, you vote for the hellish leadership and the hellish agenda of the Democrat Party. And you will one day be held to account."
"Yeah - Take a look at my BEFORE photos and you'll see why I think maybe I was a little TOO into this activity. Aaaaanyyyywaaaaayyyy...."
"Tiny frail objects traveling slowly get turned into nasty bloody confetti when their paths cross those of large heavy objects traveling rapidly."
"On Wed., five members of the team volunteered at Snack Shack at Mariucci arena during High School hockey section finals. On Saturday, 14 of us went to the Reed Sweatt Tennis Center and helped with tennis drills and other various activities."
"There all certainty"
"Although I quite like the idea of this dress, someone must have said it was a bad idea. Apart from the smell (of the meat and Gaga) it looks pretty grim. Someone must be having a laugh at her expense. Or maybe she's having a laugh at our expense, does anyone really care? sadly yes, they do. I want to kill myself just because I'm writing this about her, more hype and publicity. Oh man, it never ends."
"Aquino, J., concur in the result."
"Do you lock your doors while you're at home? During the day? During the night?"
"Shameless is very funny. This is one of the show's best insights, and perhaps the best example of what it gets right about living in poverty: being poor is fucking hilarious. If you don't believe me, just try being poor. Everything takes on the aspect of gallows humor, and it's easy to laugh at your misfortune because the alternative scarcely bears considering. When you're desperate, everything assumes comic dimensions, every character becomes exaggerated - grossly distorted - and every decision is a Hobsons' choice. Usually when TV does \"poor\" they get it all wrong, and that's fine, because the reality of being desperate to pay your rent and having to choose between food and gas is too depressing to really want to see reflected back. But Shameless gets it right in some very important, almost uncanny ways. I can't say I grew up as poor as the Gallagher family, but I have been that poor at various points, and I certainly grew up closer to the Gallagher's than the Huxtables . . . but then, most people reading this probably did. (And that's another thing that the show gets right - being poor does make you feel ashamed, it makes you feel terrible about yourself, it eats away at your self-confidence and your mental reserves without ever offering up anything resembling consolation.) Eventually, being poor for long enough forces you to make some very hard decisions, decisions that either end with you completely broken and discarded, or that leave you a monster or a sociopath."
"With a prospective US tour and various other dates planned, including an upcoming Finnish festival (other first for this band!), 2010 certainly looks like a most important year for Crowley's relentlessly tenacious vision to expand - which is no bad thing - well, depending on just what side of the fence you happen to be."
"I met western suburbs food blogger Kenny from consider the sauce and we both discussed the disappointing food scene in williamstown and Jill was super friendly and within minutes of me arriving allowed me to use her towel to clean my grease stained fingers from fixing my bike chain. I also learnt about the use of coconut powder in making ice cream from essjayeats and I had fun catching up with those already familar to me like Cindy and Michael from wheres the beef, Johanna from Green Gourmet Giraffe and Lisa Dempster. I didn't get a chance to have a proper chat with Ed from Tomato, Carla from Easy as Vegan Pie or Claire from Melbourne Gastronome but I did enjoy playing a few games with Claire's bocce set. These was so much yummy food, highlights included Jill's refreshing watermelon salad, Michael's caeser salad, Carla's risotto balls and both Johanna and Lisa's chocolate desserts. The picnic was lots of fun and left me filling super full and sluggish as all good potlucks show. It was also a great example of what a community building activity blogging can be and for once Melbourne behaved and gave us a nice summer day."
"On one side, then, legal advice and faculty pressure suggest that Brodhead will continue with his January 7 line of wholeheartedly defending the Group of 88. At this stage, the question would seem to be whether pressure from alumni or prospective parents will force him to reconsider this approach."
"B: As well as scripting your own animated series, you have worked on other projects such as Captin Franko’s series – how does writing for your own series compare with writing for other peoples’ series?"
"\"..And the water is so piping hot"
"This card has lots of texture. I used the Square Lattice Embossing Folder over the Everyday Enchantment DSP...but first I stamped the cute doily border along the edge of the Calypso Coral print using Early Espresso Ink."
"One of the questions most often asked in interviews is, \"How did you start out in comedy?\" (Of course, I'm sure a fair few people want to ask, \"are you ever planning to start out in comedy?\" but that rarely comes up in interviews)."
"Which then becomes a vicious circle--because when you try to argue with someone who is accusing you of being defensive, you just end up sounding more and more defensive. And I haven't yet figured out how to get out of the \"you sound so defensive\" accusation without shutting down completely."
"For his advise and new cover design layout"
"I loves me F1 but no way can I afford a sky or any other sports package come to that just so I can watch F1."
"Frank marries Eva, which draws a huge crowd. However, Trupo pulls over their car as they leave the ceremony and tells Frank \"You know, a man who walks around in a $50,000.00 chinchilla coat and never even bought me a cup of coffee, there's something wrong there. Pay your bills, Frank.\" Frank tells him he pays off the cops, but Trupo tells him he's \"Special Investigations\" because he's special. He tells Frank to pay him Ten Grand every month and lets them go. Frank goes home and burns the chinchilla coat"
"By Marvin Caldwell-Barr"
"This is Prince’s first album. At age 19, he wrote, composed and produced the whole damned thing. He even played all the instruments. All at the age of 19. That alone is why For You is a must have."
"I have a few more to tey before the night is over, so I have to run."
"Q552 is the name of an underground base in the Rocky Mountains Canada area, in a town called Nelson, where much cloning has been going on since the late 1970s. James Casbolt had information that it had now become a warehouse for a clone army that would strike the Olympics."
"The Last Ringbearer is a curious piece of work. At least in this translation, it’s an often prosaic adventure story, reminiscent of the most ordinary work of Isaac Asimov, who was capable of rendering interesting ideas in pedestrian ways. As a re-envisioning of one of the persistent motifs of Tolkien’s trilogy, the clash between spirit and flesh, between the soul and the brain, Yeskov’s novel is rather one-dimensional."
"We know it was a very busy week for most of you so a HUGE THANK YOU to everyone for joining in with our game of BINGO ! :-)"
"And with that, we have all the pieces we need to set our story in motion. A sympathetic hero/heroine, a villain, and a drive. With that proclamation from the mirror, our story is set in motion. We have a villain who wants something and a hero that prevents them from getting it. Everything that follows will spring from that basic story. All the details that follow are window dressing for that one simple story: Will Snow White escape the jealous Queen and live happily ever after? The dwarves, the Huntsman, the Prince, the poison apple, the glass coffin… all of that serves the central question."
"I will admit, I dyed up the Fat Cat just for this project, but as it's Wandering Cat Yarn, it doesn't count as stash enhancement! I did use leftover Tabby Cat for the underside, and more of the Fat Cat will get used up on another Octopus requested by another friend. Octavius Bob brings my used yardage up by another 100 yards."
"So, if you're willing to take advice from a fifteen-year-old, here it is: stop procrastinating today. Even if it's just for the day. Good luck!"
"But here we have come to the meat and potatoes of the good professor's talk: education! As it is for the Bangladeshis, so it should be for us country folk in Australia! Then follows a long discussion of the problems down on the farm. Rural youngsters don't get as much education and tend to rush off to the city if they've got any brains. And how do you get young teachers to go happily off to Lake Boga to Spread the Word? Dear dear dear. With enough resources, we could be leading the world with all these brilliant country youngsters, who instead are drinking Jim Beam & Coke, crashing their utes, watching Biggest Loser, beating each other senseless or shagging in their time off from fixing fences or cleaning at the motel."
"to stimulate your creative juices and generate fresh inspiration - Ten Tips to Inspire Creativity. I have a handful of REALLY COOL projects I'm working on that I'll be able to share in the coming weeks. We are taking today to \"get our house in order\" before the post Holiday, work week of real life turns us into our mere mortal selves at the stroke of midnight tonight! Happy New Year dear Blog friends, I appreciate your faithful reading."
"I am carrying one of the oldest objects that I own today: the terra cotta figure of Serapis’ head that I obtained a few years ago (shown above). Serapis is, in many respects, one of the most important deities in my practice, and has had a way of shaping my practice for much longer than I realized. (I wrote about this in my essay for the Bibliotheca Alexandrina anthology Waters of Life.) Serapis’ status as a super-syncretistic deity, and understanding what exactly this means, has been very useful, illustrative, and illuminating for my own practices with Antinous. (And, it has also helped me to understand a few other such deities, like Sabazios, as well.)"
"The WebApp development is rapid on Groovy and Grails, with in few minutes the webapp will be"
"Of course, it’s unlikely that anyone will call The Times out on using this kind of rabble-rousing tabloid language. Who would seriously defend “racist scum” (an expression which, incidentally, is only ever associated with one particular race group)?"
"Sophie: Water & Darcy"
"When you no longer recognise the person you’re with,"
"Nunhead Cemetery is owned by Southwark Council."
"Parking lots"
"Pas de parents: Parents are not expected to stay, nor are you invited to. You arrive at the designated hour -- invariably at the child's home -- and drop off your little one. This is true whether you \"know\" the parents or not. You might exchange brief pleasantries with the parents whose names you may (or more likely may not) know. \"La maman de Cole\" or Luc or Pierre, usually suffices. (More on that later)"
"In his book Darwin’s Black Box, biophysicist Michael Behe shows that at the molecular level every biological system is irreducibly complex. To label a structure as “irreducibly complex” it needs to consist of several parts, with each part being absolutely necessary for the system to function."
"The next morning, Michael wakes up, flings his door open, and bounds over to the house as evidenced by his heavy, hurried steps. He doesn't wait for us and is thrilled to find two treats waiting neatly in the right spot. Lou meets him by the house, and together they crawl into bed with me. Michael laughs recalling how yesterday Peter Elf had made a mistake yesterday morning. \"How dilly!\" (His three-year-old linguistics haven't quite perfected s's, \"How silly!\") He looks at his white Lifesavers. Rips one open and places it in his mouth. Smacking the Lifesaver to the roof of his mouth over and over and his eyes searching the ceiling, he frowns. He keeps smacking on the candy, but clearly disappointed and distrustful of the new flavor. After working it around and thinking it through, he proclaims, \"I don't like this, Daddy.\""
"Q030) If you were to take RAY Magazine around Korea, where would you take us?"
"There are so many dishes you can make with Kimchi, not only to authentic Korean dishes but also to fuse with other cuisines as well. Possibilities are limitless and creativity is all you need."
"Life comes from life. Babies come from their mothers, drawing their very life from their mothers' own body. There isn't new life without a giving."
"To do so Israel must first be converted, as Peter tried to get them to do in Acts 3:19.”Repent ye therefore and be converted.”"
"One more brand new"
"Now, technically I was travelling in the south (at least latitude-wise), and I did go to Shreveport earlier this year, but neither Florida nor Northern Louisiana can compare to New Orleans. In fact, Shreveport’s tourism board decided that the best slogan for Shreveport was “Louisiana’s Other Side,” which seems sad to me, as they might as well just say, “Shreveport: This Town Ain’t New Orleans”. Northern Louisiana is really much closer in look and feel to somewhere in Texas than the part of Louisiana that I fell in love with. I traveled there with Kristen two years ago, and with my sister a year ago, and I’m sorely missing beignets and chicory coffee in my life, so I decided to write up a little guide of some of my favorite things in New Orleans that you should try if you are ever lucky enough to visit."
"But, first things first, and that’s the abolition of the monarchy as a whole, along with a Queen who, unlike her father, cares not the tiniest shit for the welfare of her people, and when that happens it really is time to sweep them all away. The French did it in blood and terror. Being British I would hope we can find a more civilised way – so maybe it’s time for a referendum, to see if we can, especially given the widespread lack of interest, according to the media, in the Jubilee?"
"While I was cleaning the scrap bin, I also found lots and lots of strings."
"When I mention that I have an overload of work now, I get a deluge of responses that say, \"Give your extra work to meeeeee!,\" which shows me that not everyone is out of the woods, and that bums me out. When I first saw my work picking up, I hoped that meant that everyone's work was picking up and that the whole publishing world was coming back to living color again."
"I haven’t shopped like Bean and I shopped on Saturday in a long time. We left the house at 12 and didn’t get home until 7:30. We made a pact before we ever left the house that this shopping trip was not going to end in tears, temper tantrums, or grumpy moods. There were a few times that I thought we might be at risk for breaking our promise but we came out of each shop just fine and pretty happy despite our disappointments."
"2000- Father and Daughter"
"Firm tofu - 200 gm block"
"﻿ Challenge"
"He tried to get me to endorse his candidature. I refused. It didn’t matter, he was elected anyway, as Peter had predicted. In the following years he became something of a legend in College, making regular speeches and harangues and was re-elected to Union positions regularly. I have no idea how the various other people involved in the union managed him."
"My next Christmas Card Stamp A Stack is scheduled for Wednesday June 6th. Class is limited to 8 persons, but I will run a repeat class (Friday 8th June) if needed. Please contact me via my Demonstrator Business Website if you would like to join the class."
"Reader Dave sends two photos of a barred owl (Strix varia):"
"These cutie- pies are up for adoption from KittyKind, an animal rescue group based in NYC."
"Meanwhile, China’s Nobel-naysaying alternative honours Vladimir Putin with Confucius Peace Prize. http://wapo.st/vPZXoQ"
"I’m especially wary of taking career advice from most adults. I’ll listen to my parents most times ( since they have a vested interest in my success) and some select few whose opinions I really trust, but other than that, I might as well be deaf."
"Up north, I never miss them by the steps of the stairs to the Cathedral on Dunsmuir Street in Vancouver British Columbia or on Broadway by Laurel street right by the door of Tim Horton’s."
"Yet, there comes a moment in every class - EVERY CLASS - when the group gets \"there.\" It's never the same pattern or technique; it's not the same time in each class. But in every class, there comes a time, when everyone is quiet, when art is being made, and when creative peace settles over and illuminates every artist in the room."
"Could it really last?"
"Rosey was too busy oohing and aahing over the silky, colourful squares to even shove his hand away. 'It's mine', she informed him. 'Mama got it for me.' Then she sat down and handed the body over my way, ready to learn how it worked."
"Lord I lay me down"
"Notice that not all PDRM staff are imbeciles.. one of the policeman is actually trying to stop his colleagues from kicking this man on the street.."
"If there is one thing that this series did worse than the previous one, it’s probably in this apartment. The characters are as good as ever, but just in terms of new characters it was worse. The ones it did add were certainly good – some were fantastic, I only need to go back to the Four Devas Arc, but nothing really shocking in this apartment. It’s kind of hard to fault this show for not introducing more characters though, as they already have so many that it’s hard to keep count."
"Dear President Jonathan,"
"“My dear Arjuna, one who is engaged in My pure devotional service, free from the contamination of previous activities and from mental speculation, who is friendly to every living entity, certainly comes to Me.” (Bg. 11.55)"
"So, I gathered items out of the pantry and made a delicious, moist cake. I used the cake mix, a large chocolate pudding, vegetable oil, milk, and topped it off with random chocolate chips. It was SO divine! The cherry chips were an added punch of flavor!"
"My boys got the S'mores cupcake and the Milk Chocolate. I got the Chocolate Marshmallow cupcake for myself and the Black & White and Red Velvet cupcakes as gifts! I really can't recommend a certain flavor because they were ALL good!!"
"This little yellow bird. I have finished making the blocks for Sonny's quilt and so now I need to start thinking about the backing and the binding. I never worry about these things until I'm well on the way with the quilt top as it usually comes to me as the top is coming together."
"People are hard."
"I'd love to know if you can see a visible difference in the pictures of my forehead and I'd love to know if you have tried this and what you think?"
"The flipside, if you will, of that Alexander Tucker track, this smacks of the kind of magic where lambs are slaughtered under a blood-red sky and people mutter chants with burning sage: there’s something incredibly primal about Amebix. It sounds a hell of a lot like Pandemonium-era Killing Joke, and given that Pandemonium is one of my favourite albums ever, this is no bad thing."
"Joni Mitchell, Trouble Child"
"One of the main takeaways from the luncheon for me was that good marketing not only requires the science of research, planning, implementation and analysis, but the art of building relationships over time, connecting with customers, matching product offerings to customer needs, and finding out what works best for one’s own particular marketing mix."
"� Motorgate Garage"
"I recently pulled my cell phone out of my coat, turning the pocket inside-out and losing a memory disk with last year's photos on it. While I always take the \"important\" photos off of my disks and back them up, I leave the \"unimportant\" ones to deal with when I get around to it."
"The oxford dictionary defines a community as ‘a group of people living in the same place or having a particular characteristic in common’. This means that a group of people can be detonated as ‘community’ if they possess similar traits, follow a common objective and/or have the same ambition in a like-minded matter. At this initial stage of the documentary and considering the aforementioned definition I trust that Tough Mudder participants and patrons can be described as a community. In the process of this documentary it will become clearer if the intercommunity is based on a search for adventure, an athletic challenge, escaping the routine, some entirely unexpected reasoning or a mixture of all of them."
"So if we now accept that this theory is how the might wing work, we need to look at the legality and construction of the set up. Firstly a passive system that involves no moving parts or driver intervention is legal. Secondly the rules on the closed sections forming the front wing are much freer than those applied to the rear wing. So slots can be legally made across the side spans of the front wing. Clearly it would be legal in both of these respects, that the stalling slot can be made to blow at certain speeds."
"“I had the idea when I was editor of the Guinness Book of British Hit Singles which dealt with record releases and musicians, – says David. – And I always imagined a book about music places might work. I love music and I’ve got a fettish for maps so Rock Atlas was a labour of love”."
"One symptom of her discomfort is an almost Tourette's-like compulsion to pull at her face – tugging at her cheeks, wiping her nose and almost-picking with little digs on the rim of the nostril. These tics go on for so long I start sneaking peeks to see if anything's lodged up there, some dangling boulder of bogey. But nope, clean as a whistle – two of the daintiest nostrils I've ever seen."
"The Cathedral, known as Southwell Minister, also marked the bicentenary of the Bramley Apple by commissioning a new stained glass window in 2009 – and very nice it is too!"
"I got married (the first time) in 1983, and two of my favorite people, Sonja and Shannon, sent a wedding gift from Seattle. These two beautiful women sent two beautiful champagne glasses. Over the years, I'd almost never used them, for fear of breaking them, or because other people were not enthusiastic about drinking from someone else's wedding gift, and the glasses were tucked way in the back of the cabinet for safety. Sonja had turned me on to real sparkling wine, Schramsburg, a year or two before the wedding gift. It's only taken me a bit over 25 years to catch up.Because, d'oh, the beautiful glasses were tulips and they are the most perfect glasses for drinking wine with bubbles."
"Curieux- served w/ Jim Beam post oak smoked pork ribs"
"AK: What a personal question! I have a European-size refrigerator in my kitchen: it opens up the space, and it also means I shop every day for fresh food. Yesterday there was nothing in it because I’d been on a book tour for a week. But last night a friend came over with salmon and new potatoes, fresh spinach, and a mixed fruit pie from the orchard market. And today it’s nearly empty again!"
"In case you have a friend who needs encouraging in the same way mine does today, here is the verse digi that I made to use on my card. Just right-click on it to save it to your computer, and you should be able to print and use it like any other digi. :-)"
"my hearts for everyone of you!"
"So the Lemon Pudding Cake was a bit of a FAIL. Not at all pretty. The taste and consistency were OK, but I love lemon desserts and this was no lemon bar. It was heavy and dense. Too much cake, not enough pudding. In every way it was just too much. I don’t believe I can put the blame solely on me, nor Betty Crocker, nor my use of all fat-free dairy products. It was just a perfect storm of fail. An aside: the cake got better the longer it sat in the fridge."
"Okay, so I'm happy to introduce you to another one of my special interns, Annemarie. Her time is almost up here at Pickwick House and I am not so happy about. She's been wonderful, funny, full of ideas + tons of tips on style."
"Favorite TV show: Family Guy."
"They fill you with the faults they had"
"Rev. J. H. Rigg, D.D., late Principal of the Wesleyan Training College, Westminster; twice President of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference. Author of Oxford High Anglicanism and its chief Leaders, 2nd edit, enlarged with Appendix; A Comparative View of Church Organisations, Primitive and Protestant, 3rd edit, enlarged; Modern Anglican Theology, 3rd edit, with Memoirs of Charles Kingsley and Personal Reminiscences; The Living Wesley, 3rd edit., & c."
"The “tips” in the article include SUPERVISING the kids (big surprise), but it never says when you are allowed to stop. Maybe never! That’s not an inconvenience, is it? And, of course, you are also expected to canvass the playground for all sorts of DANGER. They forgot to add that parents should always pack a healthy lunch, gallons of sunscreen and an Uzi. – Lenore"
"No. Amber closed her eyes, battling the compulsion to leave, and then looked back into the silver-haired man’s eyes."
"When I was reading back on some of my journal entries from the past few months, I think I was doing a self pity thing - and it's okay to feel sorry for yourself every so often, but when you start pitying yourself and only looking at the negative things, I really think that those things become your complete focus, and it becomes impossible to see the positives."
"By this stage I was somewhat exasperated & figured if he had to ask then it was no good trying to explain that it would \"make the darn thing work\"."
"The time of the lone wolf is over."
"Still, most of it is so good that it hardly matters."
"Or … un-woot here. Jemma returns to Elijah when it’s rather clear in this novel that Villiers is in love with her – and her with him."
"You gotta fill out your forms."
"Colorful fish glow in the submarine’s LED headlights. A nurse shark whooshes past below the passengers’ feet — a surreal experience, since the acrylic wall of the cockpit, around 16 centimeters (6 inches) thick, becomes invisible under water. “Pretty amazing, right?” asks Engen, good-humored and tan."
"–High Elves–"
"And I need to kick my starbucks habit... two a week or more is just not good for the pocket!"
"Not as far as I know. Apparently they have this thing of recording hours and hours of stuff and then they might go back and use something from two years ago and rework it into something else. So I don’t know, but I certainly don't recognise anything."
"Aside from being a horribly clichéd action-movie pose, there was no goddamn reason for it. They had just defeated all the enemies, quite clearly. They weren’t even close enough to fall into it naturally, Ayase slid backwards really quite far to do it. And because they’ve defeated everybody they just kinda… stand there for a bit. It is an utterly awful attempt at trying to make the characters seem ‘cool’, and my lord did it fail miserably."
"And I had to share a little gift that Sylvia picked up for me at the Paris needlework show. Isn't it fun?"
"I would like to do a test run before the challenge begins...would one of you see if you can post a picture of something you made in the comment today?"
"And what's better on the side than home fries? My Spanish-Style Potatoes are so delicious; they are my favorite part of the meal. Red potatoes cooked in Spanish spices with onions until they are crisp and golden."
"This is the staircase that leads to our office loft. I found this great Hudson Valley's Garden City Aged Brass Wall Sconce online and I am now slowly putting together a gallery wall going up the stairs."
"BFF: Best Friend Farted"
"I've decided to only do one show this year."
"What the heck did we buy during the lonely month of January that ran us nearly 20% of our monthly income? Can we say, poor money management? Granted some of it was clothing for the girls but clearly that total exceeds any sort of monthly clothing budget that I would set (and will be setting)! Plus this includes some Valentine props purchased for the business. I included them here b/c they were absolutely not necessary and I could have easily conducted the sessions without making further purchases.This is a large amount of dollars to throw out the window. Imagine we had put this toward our debt in addition to the snowball amount? Wow, what a difference that would make! My plan is, whenever I hear the green eyed monster whispering in my ear that I need to buy that adorable dress for Mad or those cute little sandals for Charlotte, I'm going to give him a good flick off my shoulder and promptly apply that money towards our debt. I would have spent that money anyway. And easily. Without so much as a thought. Or maybe with a thought...except that thought would have been saying \"money, ha! you can make more of it. now speeeeend!\" LOL!!"
"Collecting things"
"I wish that I could have gotten some better pics for you...sorry! (But do you know how hard it is to take pictures over your shoulder? :o)) If you're interested, check out The Other Emily. She does a much better job!"
"Anyway, at this point, I'd already baked approximately 6 dozen cupcakes, and I just wanted to make two more types. I didn't have any milk, lemons, or canola oil (I couldn't even bake a boxed cake!) and I was running low enough on sugar that I wasn't sure I'd have enough for multiple batches of cupcakes. And so this recipe was born. And it's delicious. If you want to use regular milk, I'd add back in a heading quarter cup of sugar and 1 tsp of vanilla extract."
"This is to be a transitional or even a pivotal month of swirling colours, potentials and currents that will eventually see each one of us exit along a path that only a minority have seen coming at all. Pluto is in Capricorn (where it has been exerting economic crises upon us) and Uranus in Aries (amid a loud chorus of pointed public protests) whilst Neptune flooding into Pisces this year made the walls of the Social Contract fall down and may have helped dissolve our cognisance of truth under the insidious ideological crossfire that broke out, serving only to turn most of us against all politicians and all politicking and pointing-up the sheer myth of “leadership”. These major forces will now abate like the tide leaving the sands fluid, harmonized without clear definition. If you should fall back on the borrowed methods for coping that you have always employed you will be out on your own even more than if you improvise freely. Better than both, stay as collected as the stars will allow and avoid the pull of short-term comforts, jumping only to where the happy hands of synchronicity are pointing you. On the daily-bread level: look after your greatest inheritance and recognize the most important people in your life."
"Click here to read more about Piet Hein in this great interview via dwell that highlights his background, education, inspiration and process."
"still joy out there"
"Ugh, another 20 something girl. When will New Who show some diversity?"
"Glamour Magazine claims that 70 couples have married due to this dish. The recipe has been featured on The Today Show, Martha Stewart, and Barefoot Contessa."
"that errant next line, forking"
"Micke. Micke. Micke. Micke."
"continues talking where"
"I'm proud of you no matter what babies."
"You can find our Kickstarter page here:"
"Spin like a record, crazy on a Sunday night"
"Fruit-based sugar, not chocolate. Let's say gummi bears."
"note that for nammoura cakes, the granular type is typically used. for baking cakes and certain breads, the flour type is used. in indian cooking, the granular type is used for a variety of recipes depending on geography."
"PS: Best of luck with that smaller-than-average penis!"
"English Landing Park, Parkville, Missouri"
"and some Bows and Hair ties."
"This night I ran around greeting students, snapping photos and hunting door prize winners with a megaphone."
"I'm not busy."
"I went to church last night and we had a great session where the senior pastor sits at a table and is asked questions that the congregation has emailed about a specific subject. It's very interesting and he is brilliant so I often hear things in ways I have never thought of in my whole life."
"Not only does Carrie get her winning song from iTunes (right after she sends me her email), she also gets these six runner-ups. It was originally only going to be four, but the judges decided they were just too good and had to expand the prize."
"Been working on getting back into decent shape the past few weeks. I cannot believe how fast the time has flown. Ran in Dude where's the trail 50k a week ago and it felt really good to get in a nice long run. I have had problems with my knee for several months but that is finally about gone now. Unfortunately the foot issue still lingers on even 6 months after Western States."
"7th grade, and I’ll have her add the journaling as she gets more into the school year. More About a Girl, but this was a transparency that I just put over white cardstock. The chipboard accents are Basic Grey that I added bling to (lots and lots of bling) and also added to the transparency. Also, first year she won’t have the class picture since they’ll get year books! :)"
"you have perhaps not lately"
"The Internet has proved to be such a great tool for impromptu, casual forums, in particular for religion and politics. Formerly taboo subjects for polite conversation, these twins have latched on to the fact that the Innertubes are often less than polite if not just plain insufferable - the speed of technology makes it harder and harder to hold on to good ideas and remain intellectually honest with out going all troll. In the midst of trying to be a better person, which at times seems like a nowhere-to-go-but-up proposition, like a raven I still look for the shiny objects to plunder and horde. Thankfully the times for needing to deliver the smackdown, meet my match, or duel to a draw are waning, and I'm relieved to see calm, measured, respectful and knowledgeable discussion increasing."
"The last British soldier to be killed in Afghanistan was Senior Aircraftman Ryan Tomlin, of 2 Squadron, Royal Air Force Regiment, who died from gunshot wounds in Helmand on 13 February."
"And Sherry Nor Jannah: the person who had started it all for me, directly and indirectly, in so many important things; and her wonderful husband, Nazmi for his trust and support. Although I have mentioned it a number of times previously, I simply can’t say enough about them. It was through their help, encouragement and guidance that I made that critical move; of finding the desire and confidence to re-enter society and to try claw my way back again. Many of my colleagues at Gambang had gone down the road again, going back to the vicious cycle and undergoing that dreary existence yet again – did they have people like Sherry and Nazmi to guide and encourage them?…How Allah had Blessed me!"
"We should say that this area of your world has always been a very potent area of activity, but the majority of activity that has occurred in these areas has indeed been positive because of the advanced spiritual nature of these areas and because of the energy gates that have always been bringing through energies purer than the energies given to many area of Gaia’s surface in any given, more recent time along your many histories."
"A bit of sugar"
"I realised earlier that I have only been showing you my successes in the sewing world recently and zero of the mishaps/items i don't actually like. Well that is about to change, be prepared for some things I have not been feeling like raving about..."
"Went back home last night, where I’ll be staying for the next month. Glad to say that I didn’t forget the little family “dance” (short step, short step, long step over the weak spots in the floor), so I didn’t go through the floor… I’ll count that as a success."
"13. Most of all please be respectful of our town and our neighbors. We want to continue to hold a safe and fun event in the years to come and we can only do it with your help."
"I just gave a talk on this recently at the Pikes Peak Writer’s Conference. It’s something everyone wants to know how to do."
"AP have a unique design of caliper for many Formulii, with their RadiCal (Radical Caliper) design. This being the way the inner and outer sections join via the complex bridge structure, to make it as stiff as possible. We can see the caliper is bridged in two places and a radial brace is also used. Keeping his area open is important for cooling the brake disc."
"We were right on time for our 1:00 tour, and after two superbly fresh glasses of Steam and a short pleasant visit with Fritz Maytag, walked into the brewhouse, where a batch of 2007 Christmas Ale was in the mash tun (and right up to the brim of the mash tun, too). We checked out the shallow lager/steam tanks (where we were told that only the Steam was brewed with a lager yeast; all the other beers were done with the same ale yeast), the open ale ferment tanks, the big closed tanks used for conditioning, and then to the bottling line, where I found this six-pack of just-packed 2007 Christmas Ale (sorry: didn't get a taste, it was embargoed until Nov. 5)."
"I will be going through my posts and sidebar shortly (if I haven't already by the time this post publishes) to redirect all links to the new blog."
"Christ is the one whom we love."
"Buried within my long past."
"This extraordinary racket is, at root, about the bewitching power of high-brow brands. Journals that published great research in the past are assumed to publish it still, and – to an extent – this expectation fulfils itself. To climb the career ladder academics must get into big-name publications, where their work will get cited more and be deemed to have more value in the philistine research evaluations which determine the flow of public funds. Thus they keep submitting to these pricey but mightily glorified magazines, and the system rolls on."
"Just looking and smelling the bottles of disgusting ingredients was a hit. Labels were downloaded from HERE. I ended up doing a bit of my own interpretation of the different ingredients. My motto-think outside the box and use your imagination!"
"QSHXS Blog (qshxsblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time."
"“Easier than I expected it to be,” she said wryly."
"I fortify myself with Truth. The Truth of who I AM is a child of God. I know I Am an offspring of the Awesome Incredible Source that has created everything. I am honored by Holy Spirit, fully entitled to enjoying all the vastness of the Universe. The Truth is, I can have All that I declare! The Truth is, I Am created in Goodness and I Am whole and complete. The Truth is my life has meaning and purpose. The Truth is, I Am Abundantly Prosperous in Health, Wealth and Relationships. I can soar like an Eagle when I choose to. The Truth is, it is my sole duty to recognize my power and to fully express it."
"Heat oil in a large, 12-inch non-stick skillet with high sides over medium heat until just smoking. Cook meatballs until well browned all over, about 5 minutes. Transfer meatballs to a paper towel-lined plate. Drain fat from the skillet."
"*PhP 500 per pair with free lens case"
"Anton looked at me, face straight, eyebrows raised. “This is her name?”"
"Surprisingly, though they thought they would find otherwise, Ken Ham and Britt Beemer were mesmerized that they didn’t find any anomalies between the different forms of education."
"I make snap decisions...frequently."
"If I had finished it up sooner my book would have been the second book in twenty-three years that she would have read in one sitting."
"The man gestured to the short wall of the courtyard and John nodded. The man stepped over the wall and said, “I am Malchus ben Levi and I am asking people about their encounters with Jesus the supposed Christ.”"
"This is another personal favorite movie of mine and a film I have written about in previous articles. It is Alexander Korda’s “The Thief of Bagdad.” Indian actor, Sabu, stars as the eponymous thief, Abu, who winds up helping the disgraced King of Bagdad (John Justin) escape from jail and together they go on a great adventure to reclaim the kingdom from the evil vizier, Jaffar (Conrad Veidt). The King, Ahmad, falls in love with the Princess of Basra (June Duprez) and this slows down their adventure. Abu wants to keep moving and sail the seven seas looking for adventure, but Ahmad only wants the Princess. Jaffar also connives to get the Princess and soon Ahmad is cursed with blindness and Abu is maliciously transformed into a dog while Jaffar commits murder and kidnaps the Princess. Blue roses of forgetfulness, mechanical flying horses, magic storms, a genie (Rex Ingram), flying carpets, a mythical city guarding the All-Seeing-Eye, and a fight with a giant spider are all lobbed at the audience. If you want fantasy, you surely got it here. If you want adventure, look no further. “The Thief of Bagdad” is a fun movie with wonderful colors, groundbreaking special effects that changed filmmaking, great music, fun characters, and an entertaining story cleverly told half through flashback. Like “Sleeping Beauty,” this film throws the audience for another loop. The main love interest between Ahmad and the Princess is never as fun or as fascinating as Abu’s plot so the film makes a twist about halfway through and suddenly makes the sidekick the main character and hero (1985′s “Ladyhawke” also pulls the same trick of making the sidekick the central focus). Abu must go on more adventures and become Master of the Universe if he is to save his friends from Jaffar’s executioner. “The Thief of Bagdad” has everything someone looking for a great escape could ask for. Considering the escape from World War II people might have been seeking in 1940, this film probably came out at just the right time. Roger Ebert ranks it highly and I can’t blame him. “The Thief of Bagdad” is a perpetual pleasure and first class fantasy adventure."
"I can see her hands being tied behind her back. I can see the people placing her in a pit they dug for her. They forced her to kneel in the pit and buried half her body while she was still alive. They left her shoulders and head uncovered. They wanted to hit her in the most sensitive parts on her head, to cause her maximum pain because this ‘whore’ had brought disgrace to her community, her family and her husband."
"A big failure was my attempt at book binding. It works for me and what I wanted but it isn't pretty, so no directions on this part. :) The good news is I did remember this time to leave room for binding so that's a positive!"
"The birth of my eldest daughter, Keira, inspired me to finally get serious about my writing and get something done. But both (soon to be three) of my daughters inspire me to write everyday."
"But Ruby has a darker side, a side she doesn’t show anyone—not even Stella. As Stella watches her friend slowly unravel, she will have to search deep inside herself for the strength to be a true friend, even if it means committing the ultimate betrayal."
"Solar in Spring – Summer – Fall, wind supplemental at these times."
"Titanic’s popularity isn’t what makes me hate it, and more importantly, it’s not what makes me argue that it’s actually not good. It’s part of what makes me argue that it’s the worst movie ever made, but I’ll get to that…"
"And we pray for those who never get dessert,"
"1:30PM - Cook the bacon rolls under the grill. Turn halfway through. They will take about 10 minutes total. Place in a casserole in the bottom of the oven once cooked."
"This Saturday is the General Young Women's Meeting for our church and the girls get to be part of a choir that will be performing during the meeting. I've only been able to sit in on a little bit of some of the rehearsals, but I'm been so impressed with the choir director. One of the songs is entitled \"Guardians of Virtue.\" She has talked with the girls a lot about maintaining their virtue. She has told them that every time they listen to gossip, they lose a little virtue and every time they participate in perpetuating it, they lose a little more."
"29. Doesn’t make me feel inadequate or give me a reason to feel insecure"
"He is not capable."
"The change is unnecessary. Challenging this change also draws attention to the fact that Christianity is very much in favor of history, for it has just as much to do with our future."
"Dearest Sleep, on the nights when Brain needs to be taken out for a walk, you get the proverbial shaft. You are the unwanted stepchild of the spirit on those long, painful soirs."
"Highlights of visit: Very clean and spacious enough even for those of us with sharp pointy elbows. Excellent Niagara-esque flush ability."
"You may not know this, but I actually like the original Hans Christian Andersen story, even though it doesn't have a happy ending. A lot of people dislike the original because of this and like to believe that Disney's version is the official one. I'm always surprised when people don't know the original tale, but many don't. Maybe it's sadistic of me, but I do like a heartbreaking story. My favorite retelling so far is Caroyln Turgeon's MERMAID, which grabbed me because it was based more on the original tale than it was the more well-known version. I love that it's told from two POVs, only one being the mermaid's, and the other being the princess we all forget about as we read. Plus, the writing is beautiful!"
"Listening to The Decemberists’ “Calamity Song” got me thinking about how good songs are as much poetry as they are music. And some artists are great poets who use words that hit you unexpectedly."
"The second part of this blog hop is to sign up as a follower of the CMIT Blog, we will be hosting challenges, contests, tutorials and a new program called ATC Tuesday so you will not want to miss what we are up to next. Stay tuned for more creative news flashes."
"I move into my apartment and begin teaching on Thursday. And let me tell you, I can't get out of this guesthouse soon enough. Guesthouse horror stories will have to wait for another time though, because right now I am exhausted."
"13.Arabian Knights"
"In structure, this incarnation is the same as #3 above:"
"On Saturday, as we were arriving home I saw a UPS truck driving away from our house."
"Add the dry ingredients to the wet and mix until just moistened. Stir in the chocolate chips."
"Mr. Drago Rendl"
"”Seawalls destroy beaches,” said Orrin H. Pilkey Jr., a Duke University geologist. In a recent study of scores of sites on the Atlantic Coast, Dr. Pilkey and his colleagues found that beach width on stabilized beaches was dramatically lower than on beaches with no sea walls. Many of the stabilized ”beaches” had no beach at all."
"These services are bundled into the project’s cost and are repaid through the dollar savings generated. For more information on ESCOs, visit http://www.naesco.org/resources/esco.htm."
"Got da pigskin to da ‘zone."
"LDL Cholesterol (bad kind): 111"
"Anyway it looks like our Antipodean cousins might be experiencing a sting in their tails when they go to see the doc!"
"I will be speaking directly to all these items I mention."
"Hope you all have a great tuesday"
"What colour is your bedroom?"
"Aaw honey, wipe those tears from your eyes. Yes, yes, you’re devastated after realizing that you’ve been a fool for the whole year. It’s okay. You’ll be better in 2011. The quit-smoking resolution wouldn’t be as easy as you think, but you’ll get there somehow!"
"This is my bedroom (see a little more here) , although now there is a window above the bed, so that wall is not quite so plain. But yeah, beige, classic traditional, cozy casual, a little bit country, and a little boring. I guess it's me. lol"
"Instead that person asks me to work for a rate which is LESS THAN HALF of the “usual rate” that very company has been paying me for over 20 years!"
"The IFS said the richest 10% would be 7.5% worse off by 2014-15 as part of the coalition government's measures and the poorest 10% would see their income slashed over the next five years."
"For here forlorn and sad I sit, Within the wiry grate; And tremble at th’ approaching morn, Which brings impending fate."
"But you know what? I don’t remember her yelling at me."
"He was silent for a few moments. There was something that he was going to say; also I had the feeling that his inner intensity was too powerful for the medium of words. I had no idea what was coming, but I knew something was about to happen. Silently he was holding my eyes with his dark burning look. Then with an extremely tense voice, he exploded, “You know, I think that those people who go about helping other people .. .” He stopped— then, with an even more piercing gaze, he spat out the next words like bullets of contempt: “those people … they are a curse!”"
"How does he keep me when I show no evidence to trust the gospel to save my neighbor let alone a terrorist?"
"In the bivouac of Life,"
"anyway, I'm finally home for a bit, after truly terrible two days of journey. it included cancelled flights, going to different airports, massive delays, missing connecting flights by 10min, freezing while wating for transport to the hotel on a cold night in munich, more dalays, etc etc. they say in such circumstances acceptance is the only path to serenity, but it's easier said than done."
"First, phone ‘radios’ are already designed operating in the frequency region (AWS vs. UMTS &DCS). (below from http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=99&p=1493)"
"The pleasure is when you ring to yourself on an empty road, you are the world’s best rock star."
"And so begins a new year."
"I've been learning a lot about amendments to the soil, mulching, feeding, and watering, too. But that's for another day and another blog post."
"Brian Tracey says, “Perhaps the most powerful influence on your attitude and personality is what you say to yourself, and believe. It is not what happens to you, but how you respond internally to what happens to you, that determines your thoughts and feelings and, ultimately, your actions. By controlling your inner dialogue, or “self-talk,” you can begin to assert control over every other dimension of your life.”"
"If it weren't for John Tortorella, many of the kids who got promoted and played extremely well would have been gone at the trade deadline. I'm convinced of that. Glen Sather did hire the man responsible for drafting the current talent pool though. I cede him that. He replaced Don Maloney with Gordie Clark and the drafting has indeed gotten better; evidenced by this year's pool. But Sather would have surely sent them packing considering all the injuries the Rangers were sustaining as last season's trade-deadline approached. And he surely would have committed us to even more salary-cap hell."
"Guess we can all dream, now time for a video, a video that you wouldn’t have predicted at all, nonetheless it’s still really good, enjoy!"
"I stepped on the scale this morning."
"In ICS, Android no longer requires a separate password to protect the system credential storage. Rather, it uses the screen lock password for this purpose, and the Android Device Administration API can be used for central policy enforcement. This means, for example, that the screen lock password can’t be removed as long as the secured credentials remain on the device."
"Anyway, it's scheduled to be fixed on Wednesday."
"Let me know what you think about this in the comments."
"The Fanat in the Hat"
"But love for these two is always reciprocal. It's not about one partner making a sacrifice for the other's sake. Throughout the story, they keep rescuing each other. And the stakes are high. Jamie marries Claire originally in order to save her from Black Jack Randall. Would that be a striking thing to do, if Jack Randall was not, in fact, a serious threat? He _is_ a serious threat; we learn that from Jamie's backstory. The man's a genuine sadistic psychopath, who has essentially destroyed Jamie's family and seriously injured him, both physically and emotionally. And here's Jamie swearing to give Claire everything he has; the protection of his name and his clan--and the protection of his body--in order to save _her_ from this man."
"Held at The Writer’s Center: 4508 Walsh Street, Bethesda, MD 20815. There is ample parking across the street (free on weekends), and the theatre is just blocks away from the Bethesda Metro Station on the red line."
"While I prefer a completely wholegrain bread to accompany soup, for sandwiches and toast, this is a good all-around versatile recipe that when mixed up, can be made into many different products easily. I have only recently discovered rapid-rise yeast and for this recipe, it is a great time saver."
"Yep, waterslide decal paper is a truly fab product, though as great as it is, there is one major drawback - it is not particularly durable."
"When I look at this work I start craving fruit salad, how about that."
"I have had halibut, tilapia, trout (think that’s the second photo below) and during my most recent visit I had grouper (first photo below). I had it almost everyday on my Mayan Riviera trip. I really miss eating grilled grouper."
"Speaking of Star Trek… (Get used to it; it’s a thing now.) Last Wednesday was Pi Day (March 14th – 3/14 – 3.14). I was going to do a whole Pi Day post but couldn’t get my act together. To put a post together now would just be silly, so I’ll just give you the very best thing I found and save the rest for next year. I give you: “How to make the USS ENTERPI” from Instructables.com."
"“Only that he now goes by Darth Nolan,” Wro’bel said, the title coming almost painfully, as if speaking the word went against everything he stood for. There was something Wro’bel wasn’t telling him, but as far as he could tell, it had little to do with what he was being paid for. At least, not as far as Nik was concerned."
"Here are some other fur vests for your shopping pleasure :)"
"Last week I had the good fortune to have lunch at le Petit Hôtel Bourrienne, a private mansion named after Napoleon's private secretary who was once the building's owner. It was a window into a slice of French life that I hadn't encountered before because the building, while open for tours by appointment most of the year and at set hours during the summer, remains the home to the family that has owned it since the mid 19th century. The downstairs reception rooms are considered one of the best preserved examples in Paris of architecture and furnishings from the Directoire period, the period after the Revolution but before Napoleon became emperor. The family lives upstairs, the elderly mother on one floor and her daughter and husband, whose children have all left the nest, on the floor above."
"Tha's me done. Over to Kristen . . . . . ."
"I dont care how stupid this message sounds and how immature it is or anything, I'm a kid what can you expect?"
"I used to think that sending a photo card was a cop-out. . .I'm sorry, but I did."
"-bloomsbury"
"Proficient in English and Indonesia"
"If you mentioned the name Ellie Goulding one year ago many would not have known her name – but as she headed to Reading’s Hexagon Theatre last Friday for the final night of her UK tour, the intimate venue was filled with people of all ages, waiting to hear the voice of Christmas 2010."
"Suzanne: I thought that by loving people, we automatically send light to them, but now I’m wondering if there’s more to it."
"One of those kind of days ya just feel like going back to bed and covering up your head!"
"\"A language that nobody knows.\""
"Skepoet How do you see these interacting with each other?"
"I find this entire line of attack the President is taking with his manufactured war on women to be highly offensive. I don’t care if they only admit men — it’s their club and they can operate it as they wish. Stop treating women like pawns who can’t take care of themselves. A lot of us do not even agree with you! The thuggish tactics and Left engineered boycotts we’re seeing are nauseating."
"I was going to wait until lunchtime, but on second thought, I think I will eat my chicken salad sandwich now."
"Matthew Jarvis of Wolves has been lined with us and would be a good signing, especially if Jermaine Pennant leaves in the summer as rumoured."
"Slice zucchini into thin medallions, about the thickness of a quarter. (You can either use a knife & a very steady hand, or a mandoline slicer.)"
"Saturday, Malika and I did a class with Sizzix to learn the Eclips die-cut machine. If you are thinking of purchasing a new system, this one is for you. Especially if you are a fan of Tim's..you will WANT/NEED to have the Stamp2Cut cartridges. We were able to test them out and I can say it's very user friendly and all-in-all COOL!"
"The demi-fey are brutally murders and arranged after a picture in a children’s story book. And Merry is called in because of her knowledge of the fey and who could have done it. Merry decides to warn the other demi-fey about the murders and in doing so they discover a witness to these murders. They start to question her. But the fairy godmother gets wind of this and swoops in to the rescue of bittersweet, the witness."
"I took an interest because I had been pondering if anti-depressants really have an effect on those taking them."
"(Reprise last verse.)"
"I read a lot, spend less time on line. My dreams at night have been very active, somehow unveiling truths never before seen. I feel different these days. Not as anxious, still scared, somewhat alone. But more…..I don’t know the word. Like, as long as I don’t do something rash and stupid, everything will be fine. Does that make sense?"
"\"The specialist equipment (metal plates and screws) needed for her surgery had not returned from being sterilised – which is vital for the safety of such a procedure. We apologised to Mrs Taylor at the time and were able to reschedule her operation for the following week."
"Carrie Ann Inaba gushed, ”You’re so in the zone.” She also noted that his transition from funk to traditional hold was flawless."
"With thirty years as a professional magician (performing for restaurants, bookstores, schools, conventions, conferences, banquets, parties, trade shows and libraries), Mister X knows how to create memorable magical interludes for any age."
"This blog post brought to you by the makers of “Get Off Your Ass and Make Something,” a soul laxative and perfect antidote to your everyday ICK."
"Now there’s an oxymoron."
"We really lucked out... because just like Maddox, people constantly ask, \"is he always this happy?\""
"What the hell?"
"1 ~ Do I need a \"host/hostess\"?"
"The latest one is the chart at left (we added the background of a new Flying Fish fermenter)."
"We can't forget the desserts too! My auntie made this delicious cookie tray, JustJenn brought delicious and cute cupcakes and my cousin made these fried cookies."
"Oh - and I've lost 15 pounds now since February. Yep."
"They are professionally cut and scored ready for your glue/tape and are an absolute godsend. So if your interested please email me: t.payne@homecall.co.uk for a quote. I can ship worldwide no problem, and you'll be as happy as I am."
"Second, remember who you are and why you’re writing this book. What is your book about? What purpose(s) will it serve? Write your answers down and look at them from time to time as you write. (By the way, it’s OK to want to write a book simply to entertain people; the noblest art has sprung from just such a humble desire.)"
"2 years later I still feel raw, burned. I hate the looks of couples at the parks with children when they see my ringless finger and 2 young kids in tow. You know the wife is thinking, “Thank GOD, I’m not her.” I only know that thought because I’ve thought it before. They look at me with these sad eyes and it’s super awkward. Sometimes I just want to snap at the couple “Yea, this sucks so you better quit fighting about his dirty socks not making it to the hamper or you could end up like this!” I watch couples waste their lives as I lay in bed at night and BEG God or whoever to not make me do this alone anymore. Going to the grocery store is like leading an elephant in a china store. Talk about dirty looks! Both of your kids are screaming their heads off because you just picked them up from daycare and they are hungry. You only brought them with because you work all the damn time and there isn’t a morsel left for them to eat at the house. I’ve almost slapped a ho at the grocery store for a dirty look. You rich little bitch, you have NO idea what this is like. So go get in your Audi and try to be grateful for what you have- for it can be gone in a second."
"Every child is different, so every child will be affected differently by praise. I was a praised child. Praised for being well-behaved and praised for achievements, especially academic ones."
"He told him that he will always be grateful for his kindness but he will try to pick up the pieces of his life, or of what's left in Lubao. And that he can never leave his family behind."
"A filigree of shade"
"Another reason I didn’t put up the estimate progress for TSR, is the change of thought I don’t find that I should anyway now. It would certainly be without any problems as long as progress goes on steadily, but then what if it doesn’t? What if the staff needs to take a break or something and it doesn’t move for a while? I think it’ll kind of create the negative effect on the public when the numbers doesn’t move for some time, which might cause a negative effect on the staff as well. Editing progress on TSR is not really constant and fixed due to it being a side project and the extensive changing on text, so it’ll probably be best to just keep it this way."
"The Pink Dalmatian, a new pet to be released in May 2012, comes with a Cream Soda Slushy PSF, and a Sapphire Lamp Post PSI."
"So, with that I will start facing more of my fears. What will be next? My fear of commitment and abandonment? I dunno. Stay tuned. More will be revealed."
"Of course, I realize my friends and family have their own lives to live. I truly want good things to happen to the people I love. But somehow, whenever big changes happen in my relationships and to the people around me, they catch me off guard. While I’m certain all these things may happen someday, I never expect them to happen today."
"The winter season is prime time for incidents like this to happen – specifically post snowstorm. Manhole fires and explosions are caused by salty runoff from the streets that leak into the manholes and transformer vaults. The salt eats the insulation producing an explosive/flammable gas; the wires short out and spark, which then becomes the source of the ignition. If the manhole covers are older, the blast may put up enough pressure to turn them into cast iron Frisbees (newer manhole covers are made with vents to release pressure from harmful/explosive gases). Lastly, fire and carbon monoxide can make its way into nearby properties, specifically if the building’s electric service enters through an underground conduit."
"Louvin Brothers - When I Stop Dreaming: Best Of - 1995"
"Sailors in the current crew of 320 — including many who asked to be assigned to the Cole — say they’re unafraid to deploy to that region."
"- He did not threaten to take benefits away from welfare recipients"
"Ay-yi-yi, so they make a big production out of the shirtless girl's boyfriend saying the name...4 times. Clara then tells him to go downstairs and wait for her, while she gets completely undressed for him. The second he gets to the couch, she says \"Candyman\", at which point a slash mark appears in the ceiling above the couch, and blood starts splashing the boyfriend. Uh, say what now? He only said the name 4 times, and she said it once. Neither one of them actually completed the full 5 times by themselves, so how does that work? If I say \"Candyman\" once, then 4 other people across the world say it once, which one of us does he kill? We're 5 minutes in, and I'm already tired of this film...and this was one I used to love."
"It is the general belief in certain African cultures that the woman is always to blame when she has not borne a child. Some people are of the view that such a woman is a witchcraft, she has been cursed and therefore should be an outcast."
"Pixies Here comes your man US"
"I have to admit...yellow is not one of my favorite colors. GASP!! But I also have to admit that this layout is one of my favorites that I've ever made. And it wasn't even for me! The picture of my friend's little girl just begged to be scrapped with Blissful and I was thrilled with the way it turned out."
"I went to the pub for lunch with people from work. Everybody was drinking so I had a glass of wine. It was lovely."
"We’ve been hearing about “globalization” in the last couple of decades, but I seldom feel it even though I have traveled to many places and been immersed in very diverse environments. To me this earthquake in Japan was one of the experiences where I felt being in touch with globalization. The news traveled all across the globe in an instance and many countries reacted to it by extending help. My heart is aching for the people who lost their families, homes and businesses in Japan. At the same time, it is heart warming to know that so many people in the world are praying for Japan to pull through this difficult time."
"This is what these almost daily contest emails have become for most of these brands. Everyone from airlines to tampon makers have sent me emails, to enter contests, but only after I LIKE them on Facebook. Ninety percent of them have no relevance to me, my purchase history or my interests. It seems all these so called social media agencies are throwing the kitchen sink to drive up campaign success metrics, which frankly are of little value for the brand. Because even if the grand prize for a tampon product was so amazing that I decided to LIKE it to simply be eligible to enter, I am never going to purchase that product of have any future interaction of engagement with the brand."
"Psalm 62 contains a great starting place for those suffering from a warped misconception of God. David brings it down to the basics."
"LaVerne Clark walks out with a large entourage."
"Name Surname, please contact us or change your country to complete your purchase."
"Mr Oliver also identified the voice screaming in the now-infamous 911 tapes as the Neighbourhood Watch captain, not of Martin as the teen’s parents claim."
"5. What does my nonverbal language say to others?"
"My boyfriend’s dad (Uncle J) bought 2 sausage dog puppies last year. After much discussion (my suggestion of Frankfurt or Bratwurst were apparently not appropriate)…they were named Ringo & Star. Uncle J loves them. No…like, he loves, loves, loves them. He cuts up their broccoli with scissors every night for dinner. Hires me often as the ‘dog-sitter’ whilst he attends dinner parties. And uses a ‘very special’ high-pitched voice to speak to them (ok fine – I am guilty of that too, if you are a dog owners you know the ‘special voice’ you put on to speak to your doggy – it is usually extremely high pitched and very akward if someone hears you…my ‘dog-voice’ even has a slight Indian influence integrated into it- don’t ask me why!). Don’t get me wrong, I have two beautiful dogs (Mojo & Perry) & treat them as my brothers (from another mother). However, Uncle J’s love for his two puppies is actually amazing. I have never quite seen anything like it."
"Vanessa :)"
"85. Plan family night ones a month."
"I finally wanted to give a big Thank You to everyone that commented, liked and read my banana nutella post thanks to being Freshly Pressed 3 weeks ago ! It meant a lot to me and I’m very grateful for that !! Thank You one more time !"
"If you want to understand what Israelis and most Diaspora Jews think about the threats made against Israel, ask any Holocaust survivor. They will tell you, “When somebody says they want to kill you, you should believe them.”"
"This is the Magnum pepper mill that his parents sent him for his birthday a few years before and is probably the only present he has ever gotten from them that he has liked."
"You may enjoy discovering facts about – Dante degli Alighieri…"
"It doesn't even matter."
"Kitty's Back 19:20"
"I had \"Room 69\" again at Hotel Chantelle last night and it was very fun. I did the champagne act - the same one I did at Macao on Monday night, but my corset got stuck and Stormy even tried to undo it for me with no luck. So I kept going but then the music stopped! This hasn't happened to me before and I actually just had a conversation with Michael about it. I asked him what he would do if his music stopped in the middle of a routine. He said he would stop the act, fix the music, and start over. Which is strange to me because whenever I've seen that happen to performers, everyone just keeps going and make it into an interactive, audience participation thing. Which is what ended up happening. Stormy, Brassy, GoGo, Sapphire, and Charlie Gunn hummed my song acoustically and the audience got into it too. Then the music started back up AND my corset suddenly came off too! All in all, it was a fun night that ended with me at the Hotel Mondrian soft-launch party with Honi and Nasty. We were supposed to gogo dance from 12-3am but due to some whatever corporate issue with their lack of a cabaret license, we actually never danced but just hung out in our room drinking champagne and gabbing! We went down towards the end of the night to check out the lounge/bar. It's called Mister Hung and lo and behold, it's all Chinese-themed. There were all these antique bird cages like what my grandfather used to have but he had them not to create a \"chinoiserie chic\" look but because he raised song birds. Lots of palm trees. A big neon sign that said in Chinese words \"Love Liquor Hotel\" or something to that effect. In one of the rooms behind a shimmery beaded curtain, there was a giant red neon sign that said, \"There are no prostitutes in this room.\" A bit heavy-handed but seeing the word \"prostitute\" emblazoned on the wall of a bar does have a subliminal effect on people under the influence. It kind of plants the thought and mood in your mind and kinda makes you feel all sexual suddenly. Also helped that the waitresses were mostly Asian and, of course, \"HAWT\" as people like to say nowadays about Asian women. But the male bartenders were equally attractive but surprise! Not Asian. The crowd was all fashion week people so lots of tall models and bearded hipster guys. I find all this social brouhahas surrounding Fashion Week terribly boring, but then again, I suppose to fashion people all the happenings around the NY Burlesque Festival is probably just as boring."
"Thank you to Amanda Williams Deputy Head who began and coordinated the project in this school and to everyone involved."
"This morning, I asked God to reveal himself to me today in a whole new way. I just wanted a reminder of His presence! There were many moments in my day today where I could see his reflection."
"Are my ideals going to shortchange my child’s future? Sometimes I feel so old at 34. When I see other parents toss their iPads and iPhones at their similarly-aged kids, I recoil. Are they bad parents? Or are we for fighting it? Is my kid going to be behind when he starts school and has 95% less experience using a computer than the other kids do? My kid can use a hammer and a cordless drill and I’m totally cool with it. Does that say something about me? Does it matter? What are your thoughts?"
"Bowls and mugs and finish"
"Trim the roots from the radishes, and pare off the greens, leaving ¼ to ½ inch of the stems. (This is mostly for looks, and for the slight flavor the stems bring, but if you want, you can completely trim away the greens.) Soak the radishes in cold water for about 15 minutes to loosen any dirt trapped in the stems. Drain and scrub the radishes. If any are more than 1 inch in diameter, halve them."
"p.s. If you work in more than one medium, you can send separate submissions for each. For example, if you’re a Bitch who paints AND sews, send one or two photos for your paintings and one or two photos for your sewing."
"We are expecting some snow this week -- forecast is for 1 - 8 inches (that narrows it down). So if we have snow days I may or may not be in my cubicle, but if I am I will be taking pictures and posting them to my blog."
"There are multiple ways in which social networking can be installed amongst organizations addressing Human Trafficking. The processes can take various forms and mechanisms depending on the existing relations on the ground. However there some of loopholes which could be used as entry points to forge relationships among organizations for counter Human Trafficking in East Africa."
"The fish used in the Vipak is a Deep Sea Fish not a shallow water fish to help reduce toxins even further. Due to the double distillation process used there is no fishy smell after you take the pill."
"There’s one common theme among all farmers on March 31 though: excitement for planting."
"I'm keeping true to my word and am back with reviews!"
"The evening talk (which we like to span a bit beyond beekeeping) will by by Dr. Paul Arnold, where he will speak about his specialty, “The physiological ecology of mycorrhizal fungi, the effects of toxins in mutualistic relationships between plants…” (this is all the fungi that are fed up to 20% of the plants’ sugar and draw nutrients to the root system in return)."
"Moon gazed out at the English water and then looked to his left and to his right, to see if any other dogs or humans were close."
"Kris Kross (feat. Supercat) - Jump"
"(Also, if anyone spots any typos in the calendar, let me know!)"
"All things aside, she completely beasted that challenge. The overall challenge score now sits at 3-2 with me holding the slight advantage. Looks like we’ll have to see where the next challenge brings us."
"I hope this clears up some of the confusion on how to make these! If anyone ever has questions on how I make anything on this blog, you can always email me at livingcraftilyeverafter@yahoo.com!"
"I got some cute summer shoes. I got some bath and body soaps,"
"His only friend"
"In 1995, she was inducted into the World Figure Skating Hall of Fame."
"I know I owe the world the next post in the GBV 5 Songs saga (scheduled: Bee Thousand), but I haven't felt the crushing desire to eliminate 4/5 of the album from contention yet - as I love nearly each and every track on that record."
"But these cats are smart an' they’re all prepared"
"1/60 sec @ f/6.3, ISO 400"
"‘The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth’."
"Next up for Lukas, Nike Outdoor Nationals in the 2 mile. This may be his toughest test yet. Fellow Chicago area runner (and US #2 at 3200, 8:51) Jeff Thode will look to rebound after his performance in the Mile at the MDG. US #3 (8:51 3200 and Footlocker runnerup) Trevor Dunbar of Alaska as well as US #1 Miler Andrew Springer (4:02) should all be pushing the race into sub 8:50 territory."
"I swear, for just a moment, I thought I was a victim of candid camera. I looked around, waiting for a stewardess to jump out from behind the first class curtain and laugh hysterically at me, but, alas, this was no laughing matter. Seconds lingered in the air uncomfortably. I felt like I was reading his mind. He seemed much like a flasher who realized he'd left his clothes on under his trench, but was stuck in a crowd and unable to escape with his flash-ee stuck behind him in line. Eventually I managed to politely turn down the offer to \"rest\" between flights. (Eeeeew, still gives me the heebie-jeebies.)"
"By law, more than 90 percent of this electricity (the “heritage pool”) is sold to Québecers at 2.79 cents a kilowatt-hour (Hydro-Québec Strategic Plan 2009‒2013, p. 6)."
"When the meat is browned, saute the shallots in the drippings in the pan. Add a little more butter if you need to. Cook them until they are tender and golden."
"Each Sunday we start a new post with a New Mr. Linky for you. This is so that you can post a link to anything you want us to read, anything at all related to poetry or prose found on your own poetry blogs. It will remain open all week so that you can show us your writings and thoughts. You can post links weekly should you chose to do so. What poetry you put here is up to you so don't be afraid to share with us!!"
"So that no one"
"All stories apart, now let the images speak."
"To search for something on the Web using Google is not unlike confessing your desires to a mysterious power. — Siva Vaidhyanathan"
"﻿ Strange the pleasure I was able to take in wiping tiny fingerprints from the glass doors, in washing dishes and scraping grills, simply to be a part of the grand Waffle House experience (which I envision like the Jimi Hendrix Experience, with more carbs and less acid.)"
"-”Scientifically proven ,hair grows around 1/2 inch ….”"
"Saturday morning, we went down to the Jockey Club, signed in and were met by our sales rep. She was a handful and incredibly irritating. She found out Ryan worked for Wells Fargo and asked him a bunch of times why she was told she qualified for a credit card and then when she went to sign the paperwork, she was told she no longer qualified. All day, non stop. When we would ask her a question, she would tell us how it is at the company where she owns her timeshare but wasn't sure how it was with the company we were looking at buying from. After being asked a series of questions about our vacation \"habits,\" touring the facility, and looking at tons of pictures, we watched a short movie showing people having fun on vacation."
"Come you also"
"ing (a strategy for survival"
"The flow of traffic is better when you are in the “diamond lane”. You cannot drive in the lane if you are driving alone. You must have one or more persons traveling with you to reach your destination faster and to avoid slow traffic."
"Stamp: Whiff of Joy"
"I would feel so lucky,"
"Some of the more mature trees will develop very intricate trunk bases with very lengthy root formations. The one I was hoping to photograph for today's theme is presently covered in yard cuttings (I wasn't going to risk getting a centipede sting clearing it away) but I'll try to post a photo of it in the future. It's a fig tree, one of the oldest and tallest trees in our yard and one of its roots extends to a length of approximately ... wait for it ... 42 feet."
"Howard’s new place at the table may mean his loyal fanbase could get even bigger. Boots observed people’s opinions change at the first show tapings. “I already talked to people before they’ve gone in talking about, ‘Oh, I don’t like Howard Stern,’ but after they come out they’re like, ‘I love the guy.’ To see that is great and I think that’s great for America, it’s great for Howard Stern and it’s great for ‘America’s Got Talent.’ “"
"SCENARIO ONE:"
"That’s reassuring."
"“Wait a minute, Baron,” you say. “You’re sensationalizing these things again! The kind gentleman from the Mexican consulate was just there to help Mexican parents find a good recipe for refried beans, or perhaps to provide a list of places in greater St. Paul where they can get their maracas repaired.”"
"Unlike some websites, Nasri doesn’t have to read the “terms and conditions” of the contract. All he needs to see that part that shows £xxx,xxx then the _____ part on the right hand side."
"How stupid or evil do you have to be to stop building the plants that provide electricity at a time when the population and the demand for it is rising? Must America become a third world nation with rolling blackouts and brownouts?"
"I notice that I’ve stopped crying, and I just sit there letting my face dry. Dry isn’t really the right word; my face tingles and the tears are no longer streaming, but they still linger."
"V. On Outings"
"That caught her off guard. She was prone to a glass of wine or a pint of ale from time to time, but only amongst friends, never with intimidating strangers."
"My islam is talking politicks with fragile Anarchists"
"Race is an issue and Pakatan must deal with it. And you deal with it by understanding that the Malays will not relinquish political power to anyone – least of all to the non-Malays."
"Harm reduction is a drug and alcohol counseling term which, I have come to learn, can mean a variety of different things depending on who you are talking to. Harm reduction could mean simply “clean needle exchange”, where i.v. drug users can go to get clean needles for safe delivery of their drugs, and drop off the dirty needles to be properly disposed of. Or it might be a methadone clinic, where they consider methadone to be a less harmful choice than heroin, although I doubt that one completely as methadone is every bit addictive as heroin but 10 times harder and longer to kick. Harm reduction is present in the programs that practice “moderation”, which would include using drugs and/or alcohol with moderation and making less harmful choices, period, but these practitioners/facilities are few and far between. “It’s a political football,” said a doctor friend of mine (one of the few that actually practice harm reduction) and I admire him for going out on a limb with his career, which despite controversy has been very successful. Harm reduction practices are evidence-based, and like 12 step programs, are not for everyone."
"predictable"
"\"Twenty Two stops"
"This is one HUMUNGOUS (2.15 miles walking trail around the complex!) area dedicated to sports--with families in mind. Beyond the I-don't-know-how-many-but-lots-and-lots of sports fields, there are three playgrounds, public bathrooms (that aren't too gross), snack bars selling M&Ms for 50 cents and mediocre caffé lattes for $1.50 (and really, that does tell you a little about Pleasanton, that we would even attempt to sell designer coffees out of the snack shack at little league games!)"
"Relentlessly last evening"
"I'm a huge fan of the PBS series Downton Abbey, and I am so happy this third season will be taking place in the 1920s. Maybe it will reignite the popularity of this era. What do you think? Would you read a book set in the 1920s? What's your favorite era in history?"
"In this strangely precocious spring, it is the sycamores that have galloped ahead of the other trees (can a tree gallop?) in putting out their leaves. While the limes and oaks have a light green mist over their branches and the beeches are still deciding whether to start, the sycamores look as if it’s June already. These photos were taken on the last day of March."
"Sunday afternoon I was thinking about that dream life I'm rumored to enjoy as I swung a pickaxe to break apart and pry from its earthly grip a decades-old sidewalk buried in our back yard. Sweaty, muddy, and grunting with mulch in my hair seems far from glamorous."
"Boulevard Brewing Co"
"She is a wood dragon. Fiery, unpredictable. Magic."
"Other actors that auditioned for roles in the film included Mathew Broderick, Michelle Pfeiffer, Geena Davis, Rosanna Arquette, and Ally Sheedy."
"Flash back – June 2010 – a colleague of mine (only about two years older than I) was leaving his position at Old Dominion University (ODU) for a one-way ticket to the World Cup in South Africa, and then to see the world shortly thereafter. It must be nice to walk away from full-time employment and all of its securities to go find yourself."
"Groweth seed and bloweth mead"
"Oh how I miss food! I would happily murder someone for a bag of crisps. And I can't WAIT to get better to see Burlesque. And by 'better' I mean 'off the drugs so I can turn it into a drinking game in the cinema’."
"I decided that cake is too limiting, and it's not even close to dethroning cookies in my mind, so instead I will be whipping up a more general birthday dessert every month. I also failed to mention that I started a new job last month, which has kept me busy and picking up the phone to order takeout rather than picking up the spatula to bake. ;-)"
"Life's moved on from 40k interest/time and I went with it. For a little while at least. I think I will be back now but I probably crammed a bit much into the short time frame I was into it and burned myself out as I am sure I was talking about in a previous post or two."
"Parents: Please encourage students to bring home their vocabulary list to study! But remember, if they forget their list, just click on the page entitled “Vocabulary Lists” at the top. And here’s a copy of the vocabulary worksheet: Writing Vocabulary List 3 lined copy . Because of Friday’s School Improvement Day, we’ll be given the test over these vocabulary words tomorrow, May 3, 2012."
"Because of that, Johnson called for a grassroots push for congressional action to legalize hemp production."
"So, here we go again. Down the path of being healthy and allowing this blog and the community that surrounds it to hold me accountable! Summer is here, so I have no more time for excuses! This will be the last apology post for this blog - challenge accepted!"
"This upcoming season will be their first campaign in the Independent Canadian/American League. Why the switch? The Bears have suffered from woeful attendance over the years and the cumulative effect has taken a mighty toll on club operations. The Can/Am League allows the Newark Bears to play a shorter schedule in addition to having to endure less extensive road trips. These measures are hoping to bring down expenses while the organization, under new management, tries to stabilize financial losses sustained over recent years."
"The one in the foreground was the cause of many boy-battles (lol), and the two in the background are my new acquisitions, a little worn and ready for a facelift."
"Ayahuasca’s research have been done in Brasil. Other hallucinogens research has been done in the US."
"Here are the rules for the winners (I didn't make these up, although I chose to follow them), and I am not in the business of enforcing). Take them, leave them, parse them up, whatever you please! =)"
"We also hope that you will join in with the challenge, check out the sidebar if your unsure of our rules."
"1. When I first read it, I put the fourth word after the fifth word, which changed the meaning."
"At the time of his death there were 22 Haafiz"
"1934-36 Batter-Up #138 Billy Herman"
"Tshika recommended that the fencing be removed and replaced with a brick boundary wall – which happened."
"For topping:"
"The tentative date for this shut down has been set at November 11, 2011 (2011/11/11) but as with many dates that have come and gone, the financial cabal will do everything in its power to prevent that from happening."
"For our boast (NASB has “proud confidence”) is this, the testimony of our conscience, that we behaved in the world with simplicity and godly sincerity, not by earthly wisdom but by the grace of God, and supremely so toward you."
"According to the National Center for Environmental Health, there were about 200 deaths from lead poisoning in the United States between 1979 and 1998. Most of the deaths were among males (74%), African Americans (67%), adults over the age of 45 (76%), and Southerners (70%)."
"13. \"Road Man\" by Smash Mouth."
"14\"H by 14\"W, on chrome plated steel hubcap."
"Anwaar: Your highness can do the impossible. I know it. Do what I say and you shall be remembered as a great king, a king who was wise enough to let justice flourish. If you pretend to be deaf to the cries of women, it shall bring you to your ruin."
"As each dish comes out we form our own little orchestra of cooing, oohing and aahing guests and even the children seem bemused by our reactions. Although they are not sharing our menu the childrens plates come out looking like pieces of art and a simple polpetta meat ball is transformed into a distinctly more elegant looking dish."
"GINGRICH: I think that there are a number, and I think for example of — of when you think cabinet, I think for example of Susana Martinez, the governor of New Mexico. You know, at the cabinet level I think of somebody like Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. I actually thought about Marco Rubio on a slightly more dignified and central role, then being in the cabinet, but that’s another conversation."
"New Delhi: Eleven years after he was filmed accepting a bribe in a fictitious arms deal, Bangaru Laxman was today sentenced to four years in jail by a Delhi court. He was also slapped with a fine of Rs. one lakh."
"double postage stamp frame"
"Welcome to the website for KJP Farm! We are a small scale, family run boer goat farm in New Plymouth, Idaho."
"The new Website will launch....."
"The subject appears to be a model of an early railway locomotive, its wheels resting on wooden rails. My knowledge of early steam is so meagre that I couldn't begin to make an identification, but from a cursory glance through a selection of Googled images I'm guessing it was a design from the mid-1800s. An inscription handwritten in pen at the base of the mount, below the print, suggests that the photograph was taken in Brighton on 10 October 1905 (10/10/05)."
"A good friend of mine is recovering from surgery, so I decided to make her a card to take along when I went to visit her this morning. I used this week's Make It Monday at Papertrey Ink: Coloured Kissing, which turned out to be a little more challenging than I'd thought. I tried several different stamps with this technique, all on one of my beautiful butterflies stamps, but I kept getting a splotchy image. I finally had some success with using a stamp from my Lace Bouquet set..."
"Now you know I like to be truthful, so I must confess. This cardinal was not supposed to be mine! Again...no, no Nannette! Let me tell you a little story and you know how I love to tell you little stories. :)"
"I used PSSSSSSt, the dry shampoo when I didn’t feel like washing my hair. I was such a dirt ball."
"In our opinion, Gardner’s approach of self-publishing books and then citing himself as an authoritative reference in the scholarly literature went beyond simple self-aggrandizement; it was frankly misleading. We agree with Ms. Bruch that the inaccurate portrayal of PAS as an accepted and credible diagnosis gets it wrong on many levels. http://www.jaapl.org/content/40/1/127.full"
"High point: More Grace and Daniel..."
"Saw the Hunger games. Liked it a lot but still hard to transfer the book to film."
"3. Writing a memoir about your life is like watching a complicated movie the second time. You know the end. And when you look back at all the previous events you see the importance of all the scenes that happened beforehand. You suddenly see the foreshadowing and the subtext and what leads up to what and how it all ties in to the ending point. You see the things that make the previous two hours of the movie (because all complex movies are really long) necessary to get to the ending. Life is a little bit like that; after all, something that happened in the past may have had a huge bearing on your life now, but you didn’t know that until now. And you have to explain it, otherwise other people won’t know."
"Matilda was super excited at the airport. No where near showing her tiredness. She was smiling from ear to ear and having a great time showing off her new tiger backpack and rolling luggage."
"Lovely as it was for Michelle to be so serene, she was supposed to be in labour."
"All you have to do is take one pad, and lightly rub in circular motions over cleansed skin. You’ll feel your skin being exfoliated, and you can even see some of the dead skin, or leftover makeup, being swept right out onto the pad! You’ll want to focus on the areas that you have any dry patches or flaky skin."
"Second, do you encounter them from a position of strength or weakness? Now, in some ways, plunking a human down in the age of dinosaurs is automatically a position of weakness. But there’s the possibility that the characters could go well-equipped, with all kinds of modern technology and guns and armored personnel carriers and whatnot. But in that case, you have to make the technology somehow fail, anyway…"
"Well, there's a little sneak peek--I love how these are turning out. We are keeping the name a secret, and I've probably already given away too much by revealing two of the letters. Any guesses? :) Check back in about five weeks and we should have the name (and the baby!) ready to introduce to the world!"
"And that was it. We were pretty much led out of her office and given an appointment with a specialist. I got in the car, sobbing, and immediately, my mind went back to that ultrasound technician. She knew. She knew the whole time. And out of fear that we would notice something different about our baby's profile, she left that picture out. It all made sense."
"5. Spoon the cheesecake filling on top of the biscuit base and smooth with a spatula. Put it in the fridge for 3 hours or overnight."
"So, what are we waiting for?!"
"What in the name of Pacman are you smoking? This just in my fellow New Yorkers ; NOTHING HAPPENED! I'm more concerned about all this rain we are getting that's flooding the streets here every other day rather than this stupid crap. Hell, I'm more worried about Yellow Stone Parks volcano exploding. That's something to be scared about, not this. Not when we are 300 miles away and there are no tsunami warnings. And all of these stupid ass comments I'm getting :"
"I will not enumerate the different technological advancement that are directly or indirectly linked to space exploration. There are just too many and the point here is to realise that we should be ready to push our boundaries further, work through our political, social and economic differences and invest in the pursuit of knowledge. Science for the sake of science is reason enough to be involved in such endeavours. Justifying those missions are far easier than having to justify spending 66 billions dollars on military."
"The giveaway I mentioned is at Green Fairy Quilts. This is one of my favorite online fabric shops, and the one I check first. They always have great deals and sales, and until Monday you have a chance to win a fat eighth bundle of Breakfast at Tiffany's (gasp!) or a $30 gift card to the online store (for the most referrals). I am sure I will not be able to refer too many people, but if you do happen to head that way, mention me :)"
"But that’s not enough proof. So let me begin a short list of my nerd qualifications (I will be preparing a nerd resume eventually, but, to date, I don’t have that ready)."
"& GIVES SATISFACTION TO YOU."
"14) The Ledbury (London, England)"
"All designed and illustrated by us and printed and made inAustralia."
"It couldn't have come at a better time - we were in dire need of a few items, so while the Evil Genius ran wild in the neighborhood, Someone and I snagged Sprout and headed for the Evil Empire. We were really good, eschewing anything not on our list...until Someone walked down one isle looking for...something...and found the balls."
"George Romney spent the first few years of his life here and his pride in the history shines through in a family travel log he helped write in 1941, tracing the flight across the western United States and down into Mexico."
"I didnt want her to run away from me too."
"Of the original “three-panel” Cinerama movies - This Is Cinerama (1952), Cinerama Holiday (1955), Seven Wonders of the World (1955), Search for Paradise (1957), Cinerama South Seas Adventure (1958), The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm (1962), How the West Was Won (1962), The Best of Cinerama (1963), and Cinerama’s Russian Adventure (1966), plus Windjammer (1958), filmed in a rival but nearly identical process, Cinemiracle, but typically shown in Cinerama anyway – only Brothers Grimm and How the West Was Won have been released to home video (the former was last spotted on laserdisc, while HTWWW has made it to Blu-ray), and most haven’t been heard from at all since there original release."
"Crochet:"
"Thursday, December 29, 2011, 1:19 PM"
"Rainbow kabobs!!!!!!! Yay- so fun, healthy, colorful. We definitely will make them again- the kids helped with these."
"leave the nest in the morning and the male eagle would fly"
"Club Members (pay in full by the 5 May 2012) only pay R1500"
"Lots more to come!"
"1. Backup your device using App Backup & Restore, do not that this App does not back all apps, so as a secondary option also use the Google backup option for apps."
"Top: Purple cotton strapless top from DOROTHY PERKINS"
"Although I couldn’t put the book down, it really did creep me out. It’s the sort of thing you read with all the lights on. In fact, I even skimmed a few pages for the sake of wanting to be able to get to sleep that night. Especially towards the end, the story takes a turn straight to disturbing and depressing. Again, this is in line with the Gothic horror and tragedy of the 1818 novel."
"If you've been following along with my blog recently you know I've had a little more time to color with my Copic makers and have been practicing. The image I practiced on today is a background stamp made by the Peddler's Pack. It's rather intimidating in size and the variety of fruit to color but I did it!"
"I then went to my loyal Cricut and cut out a bright yellow vinyl sign that simply just said \"Batman\" to place in the middle of the graffiti. And now I'm hoping this \"graffiti\" can now be called \"art\"! :)"
"Even healthy relationships can use a boost now and then. You may need a boost if you feel disconnected from your partner or like the relationship has gotten stale. If so, find a fun, simple activity you both enjoy, like going on a walk, and talk about the reasons why you want to be in the relationship. Then, keep using healthy behaviors as you continue dating."
"Apart from the evident confusion, at the very highest levels of the State and Government, the unacceptable part is that there is not even an attempt to explain what is the hold-up or what areas of the accounts remain unresolved. The few times anyone in authority has attempted to explain the delays in those accounts, it has been a model of vagueness and ambiguity. That uncommunicative behaviour does not augur well. These State Enterprises are not building a wartime bunker or a new spy satellite, only new homes and offices."
"What is so special about Shimla? PlanTripForMe is not going to give you one reason because how can there be just ONE reason when we are talking about Shimla?"
"Here is one large and welcoming,"
"Cannonball Read IV: Book #16/52"
"But wait – there’s more!"
"The colorless winter is fading and new growth is popping up everywhere!"
"School of Fear by Gitty Daneshvari (four unusual children are sent to a wacky school to get cured of their phobias) ****"
"“The glacier is only 2kms ahead, child” he promised. “Hail Mother Ganga, may her strength be with you!” he added, as we crossed our paths on the slim and steep track that is the trek from Gangotri to Gaumukh – the source of the sacred river, Ganga."
"\"The first starship to Centauri could only carry 120 lb. of human being, yet required three specialist crewmen to handle it. The solution was radical but relatively simple. Take a twelve-year-old girl weighing 100 lb., and impress the personalities of three ideal crew members on her mind. These \"shadow\" crewmen then took the ship - with the girl - to the stars. Quite naturally the four became close friends - which would make for a decidedly complex problem when they returned. From the psychiatrists's point of view he's merely restoring the girl's sanity. But from the crew's point of view it's murder!\""
"DeHaan acknowledged that prices risen considerably since Obama took office. But he was quick to add there should “be a massive asterisk” next to that statement. A big reason prices were so low to begin with when Obama became president was because he entered the White House as the U.S. was coming out of an economic downturn, which depresses gas prices, DeHaan said."
"I hope to be great someday."
"I will be the first to admit that conservative Christianity as a whole has poorly adapted to cultural change, has failed to address many social problems, and has overlooked many unreached people groups. However, we need to adapt to modern culture without losing our historical identity. We need to address social problems without losing our primary focus on personal spirituality. We need to reach a diverse world without losing our unity in Christ."
"Instead, I invite you to focus on one area of your life where you tend to spend your way to a solution. Brainstorm about different ways to get there that involve spending little, if any, money."
"potty wasn't possible, the potty training was leaving"
"And the talking saved the day. Saved the day, I tell you. Laura stopped in at a Buffalo farm (yes, you read that right) and the owners told her that no, they hadn't seen the cows, but their neighbors down the road had! Laura called me just as I had pulled into my driveway in defeat. She told me she had a lead: there had been a sighting and I should meet her at such and such farm on Campbell Road. According to the buffalo farmers, these people had seen the cows."
"Icelandic singer-songwriter Emilíana Torrini will perform in her first concert in Iceland in more than two years in the University of Iceland Cinemain Reykjavík on December 13. Torrini is currently on a world tour to promote her latest album."
"\"Go for hot chocolate and walk around outdoor shops looking at lights.\""
"My spirits are high and the general pain from the op has started to reduce and I can honestly say that life is starting to get back to normal."
"My current obsession has been the wall shelves for books that are all over blog-land."
"But with the massive backlog in land title registration and the demand for land by large plantation companies operating out of Peninsular Malaysia, their applications were recorded but never approved."
"So they have secured their place and guaranteed China’s position to reap the rewards as the oil starts to flow."
"Took to the platform, our new Minister."
"Phone: 1.866.200.5463"
"How different, how unchanging. I will walk back soon to my Mom's apartment, wrapping my pashmina around my neck with each step, rearranging it while waiting at the light. I will most likely be the only person not driving as I was on the way here. I'll keep an eye out for the cardinal that lives in the tree outside her front door. Weeks from now, I'll remember the bell-ringing \"all-righty\"'s and \"You have a nice day now\" as I walk around the Roman Arena in silence, utter silence knowing one is not better than the next, just different and unchanging."
"Hubby sat out a trap."
"I’ve been hangin’ in here every night since you’ve been gone"
"Remove from the marinade and allow excess moisture to drip away."
"If you've been a reader of mine for any stretch of time, you know this about me: I'm blessed. Incredibly blessed. The kids and I have been the recipients of some totally humbling acts of kindness (a complete Christmas dinner delivered on our doorstep, gift cards to stores and restaurants, boxes of clothes and accessories, etc.)...some from people we know personally, others from complete strangers."
"The dog people think they are the best. They are rather loyal and true blue if I do say so myself. They walk around covered in fur…no not the kind that has PETA up in arms…the ones that come from petting and loving their furry friends."
"The new mid-engine coupe is powered by a tuned-up 3.4-litre six-cylinder engine developing 330 hp (243 kW). In the standard configuration it transmits its power to the rear wheels via a six-speed manual gearbox that propels the car from 0 to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 5.0 seconds. Or there is the option of the seven-speed Porsche Doppelkupplungsgetriebe (PDK) that reduces its acceleration time to 4.9 seconds. For even more impressive sprinting performance, the Cayman R can be supplied with one of the optional Sport Chrono packages, taking it to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 4.7 seconds. The new mid-engine coupe is capable of a top speed of 282 km/h (175 mph) with manual gearbox, or 280 km/h (174 mph) with PDK. Its NEDC fuel consumption is 9.7 l/100 km (29.12 mpg imp.) with six-speed gearbox and 9.3 l/100 km (30.37 mpg imp.) with PDK."
"find a new crush. .. actually, who cares? all’s fair in love and war."
"here i used the negative of the word to let the bag show through"
"My beauty is by Rian Designs. Isn't she sassy?"
"For fun, try not to use your dominate hand for just 15 minutes during your day. I was going to say try not to use it all day, but that seems unfair. Just 15 minutes. (Hint, open the wine bottle before you start the 15 minute exercise- you will be glad you did- lol!)"
"ARRRRRRRRRGH! However it’s probably just as well as lunch consisted of this:"
"I pulled the back lid off and started tinkering with the mechanical innards, but nothing worked. My cow patty was not going anywhere."
"they were making fun of me"
"Hello! I am Heather, the artist and owner of Fresh Brewed Designs . I'm the wife of an amazing husband and mother of two sweet and talented kids. I home school my children. I LOVE coffee, creating and chatting with my friends. Fresh Brewed Designs is an online shop that I opened in November 2010. We sell a wide variety of rubber and digital stamps that grows daily. We have a digi release once (sometimes more) a month as well as our monthly rubber release and blog hops. At Fresh Brewed Designs we always have a fresh pot of creativity brewing. So stop by and join us for a cuppa whenever you want!﻿"
"I thought about just darting out and running into the main hallway. I could run faster than most of the engineers out there, and it was sure to get distracted by the easier meat (and bigger brains), but that left me with the problem of pulling up my pants and washing my hands. I couldn't leave the bathroom without washing my hands. I was raised better than that."
"I found a roommate from the customers at the bar I worked at full time again private dancing: Jon Neil."
"The Queen's speech is given at the start of each parliament. The Queen sets out what \"her government\" (not ours, notice) intends to do. The House of Commons (the elected chamber) is often seen on TV at times of national importance. Set piece debates, with hundreds of MPs roaring support behind either The Prime Minister or The Would Be Prime Minister."
"I highly recommend the green papaya salad with its little kick of pepper at the back of your throat, and the sauteed pea shoots that were just wonderful. We also enjoyed the spring rolls, both Imperial (deep fried) and fresh. The French side comes out with the duck confit or beef carpaccio, but with an Asian flair that nuances the flavors; or in dessert such as the Kaffir Lime creme brulee. You’ll find sea bass in tamarind coconut sauce, and if they offer anything in the clay pot, take it; it is always delicious. The seating is casual and the prices are reasonable ($9 to $12 for appetizers and $12 to $22 for entrees)."
"“Dumb sket; of course you didn’t! Listen, Tee-Tee ; you fucked my man, and that aint on. Nobody, and I mean NOBODY, fucks Dominique Prince about and gets away with it, naaah.”"
"It was so very hard to get out of bed this morning. I did not want to wake up, nor did I want to face the fact that I had to actually work today. I would have loved to spend the day in bed, doing nothing. It looked like it was going to be one of those days again; until I received an email noting I had a comment that needed approving on my blog. Groggily I checked said comment, to discover Erin at Erin’s DC Kitchen nominated me for the Liebster Blog Award! I had to read this twice, as my blog is still just a baby (a whole two months old, maybe?) and I didn’t think it made much of an impression on anyone, asides from my friends (who, let’s face it, are obligated to be nice about that kind of thing). If you’re not familiar with Erin’s blog, it is filled with fabulous recipes and she has regular Meatless Monday postings – check it out and ENJOY!"
"picked by Dinky himself..."
"- costume designer"
"#14 1978 Kenny Schmidt EP Austin 880 Yards 1:52.0"
"Dr. Lin seems to currently hold a position at Clinical Immunological Center, and Division of Pediatric Nephrology, China Medical University Hospital, Taichung, Taiwan, ROC. He is still working on IL-17 (here)."
"Have a look see at the new items... So yummy looking."
"to someone who worships and praises Him. God does not turn away from anyone who is"
"1500 16th Street"
"Well, that’s changing fast."
"He rescued me."
"15% off any of their #1 Best Selling Skin Care line products"
"Chapter 2 begins not with a whimper but a bang. The bang of crocodile jaws clamping shut. On Halflings. Crocodiles, you may ask? Why yes, of course, they are my specialty. But let us begin at the beginning, where it will all become clear. The previous four weeks saw our band of doughty heroes arrive on the scene and begin doing what player characters do best: making corpses then looting them. One thing became pretty clear by the second or third encounter: the challenges were not up to the level of skill and determination of our adventurers. In other words, it was a cake walk. I cry no crocodile tears for the troubles I decided to impose on the adventurers, after all, we came here to kick butt and take names, not to beat stuffed animals with nerf bats. Prior to this weeks festival of bloodletting, I warned the players that we were taking it up a notch. The players heartily agreed, and so my diabolical plan was hatched."
"to the estuary of"
"Here are some photos from Shamian Island and the White Swan:Here is one of our favorite sites on Shamian Island:Some from the White Swan Hotel:Then there is our part of Guangzhou. We are staying at the Holiday Inn Shifu in the downtown area of GZ on a famous pedestrian shopping area. It is also a 15 minute walk to Shamian Island.These pictures are the view from our hotel room. I don't know if it is clear in the pictures, but from our elevated perspective, we can see the \"old\" (and I mean ancient) buildings that look like what Americans would consider a \"shanty town,\" and the elegant and new facade attached to the front of the buildings to hide what is really there. This was done because the Asian Games are coming to GZ in November. The government is trying to \"clean up\" the city as much as they can in preparation for the Games. From the street, you cannot tell what is behind it.Today we went to the US Consulate for our oath taking process. This is the final step in the adoption process and tomorrow we will receive Chen Jie's visa and will be able to leave the country. I was very proud of myself for not crying on Gotcha Day/Forever Family Day, but I did cry while taking the oath. I couldn't even get through it, I just let Dave speak for me and I kept my right hand raised."
"VIJAYA: We can overcome any odds and love can triumph in any circumstances. Love is just as important as hope, food, and technology for a community to survive in the direst conditions. Love and compassion is their salvation, whether or not they are aware of it. Another underlying theme is overcoming racism, not just skin color, not just cultural differences... not even alien races. It’s something much more insidious, invisible, yet fundamental and gut wrenching..."
"Monday - Chicago style deep dish pizza"
"Then Alex and I looked at each other, nodded, thanked Buzzkill Man for letting us know, and walked past him. He was not going to ruin the moment for us; he was especially not going to ruin the moment for Lucien. Then we went to get ice cream even though it's November."
"Being hurt or whatever doesn’t change our true spirit. This quote struck a chord with me because in this time of my life trying to ‘prove’ this weird disability sometimes I feel as though I do not belong in the well or disabled world."
"Finished size with flap folded over -16\" wide x 15\" deep"
"Psalm 119:160"
"We have all wood floors throughout most of the house and have a nice big fluffy comforter folded on the floor in the living room, a comfy place for Summer to sit and play and topple over on her head safely if she reaches just a little too far for a toy. It’s where 90% of the pictures I take with my phone are actually taken. It’s the place where every night she rubs her little red-rimmed eyes and she lays down on her side, spooning me the wrong way so we’re face to face and even though it’s the wrong way, we still fit perfectly like the big spoon and little spoon were meant to fit. She tries to grab my eyeballs before I close them up tight, she giggles when I try to eat her fingers if they get too close to my mouth, she closes her eyes and takes a handful of my hair and rubs it on her cheek like she does with her soft blankies, then she drifts off into sleep until I scoop her up and put her to bed. It’s her little safe place, her cozy spot, a spot made especially for her."
"As I sit here writing this I also realize I miss that wall of Jell-O molds and all the memories each one held. I can still see them hanging on that wall like an arrangement of fine art work. But of all the molds that hung on that wall, there is one I seem to have missed."
"We had a blast this weekend \"shopping\" at Northpark, eating dinner at Chuy's, going to the Arboretum, and playing with his cousins. He basically didn't take nap yesterday and did wonderful!! Thank goodness. :)"
"If I walk the dogs on my own this is what ends up happening...I'm gently pulled in opposite directions. Either that or I get tangled up! Luckily, my boyfriend is with me more often then not on our walks!"
"Hooray for going to awesome author events and finally meeting Tahereh Mafi and Veronica Rossi! That’s right. I went to their Into the Future Book Tour stop in Miami last weekend!! (Thank you to St. Martin’s Griffin, Little Brown Books for Young Readers, Tor Teen, Bloomsbury Children’s Books, Saundra Mitchell and Sarah Nicolas for the items I received this week.) Also a correction: Where I mention the “Changeling” series by Kristin Cashore, I really meant the Graceling series. Oops."
"Well Alright."
"RND 18: sc in each st around (24 stitches)"
"So what’s next? I can’t say that I will never work full time again, but if I do it will be on my terms for my families benefit, not on some bosses terms for their families benefit."
"c/o Worcester Food & Active Living Policy Council"
"2. Identify yourself when they arrive and state:"
"Carl Schmitt and the Military Commissions Act of 2006"
"So what is suitable? From another local news report:"
"Amy is YET ANOTHER blogger turned nail polish creator. She opened her Etsy shop recently, and I was lucky enough to catch her grand opening. Oh my. I have never seen such nail polish insanity! Most indies eventually build up an audience large enough that their shops sell out quickly, but on her grand opening she sold out in five minutes. FIVE minutes! I sadly was not able to grab Floam, or the others I had hoped for."
"They come in two sizes, the small ones are five in a pack and contain, 1 each of five colours, turquoise, black, silver, pink and red. The larger ones have four in a pack and have 1 each of cerise, turquoise, silver and black. I'm don't think they are on the website yet, but if you fancy some just email Mei and she will get it sorted for you."
"Forever and a day!"
"I have set out a St Georges day small world play for little \"R\" to enjoy when she arrives. My boys have already had a little play with it over the weekend. Just to test it out you understand. Brendan did enjoy helping me find some last minute goodies from the shops this weekend. We got 2 new books, as I have found it very hard to find any in the Library. We also bought a knight and his horse, although looking closer I think he is a king.... I am sure the children won't mind."
"\"No headscarves, no vote,\" shouted sixty-odd women who gathered outside the parliament building in Ankara on April 8. \"As it stands, our democracy is half-baked\", said the group's spokeswoman, Nesrin Semiz. \"Two-thirds of Turkish women cover their heads. Not one of them has a seat in parliament.\""
"JB-Use words instead of screaming"
"Rules are for Grown-ups: One cop’s struggle with enforcing laws at work and living lawless at home."
"VOILA! Three upcycled cheapie frames, worthy of my wee grandkidlets, who're spending the whole summer with me here in Nova Scotia...I am one LUCKY Grammie...and life is... so very GOOD!! They even like to help me PAINT!"
"Fact; I like walking up to random people in Wal-Mart and giving them hugs.(‘:"
"The average American consumes more than his or her weight in products each day, many US two year-olds can recognise the McDonald’s “Golden Archers” sign, although they cannot read the letter, and an average western family spends more on their pet than by someone trying to live in Bangladesh."
"The report comes as the Colorado legislature has recently taken school discipline policies under review, pursuant to SB 11-133. The report analyzes the most complete set of Colorado discipline data, and according to the authors, “adds to and reinforces existing studies, documenting some troubling patterns, and suggests important changes in policy and in future data gathering.”"
"Some years ago I saw Kevin Spacey in a theatre production in London. The play was called The Iceman Cometh. He was riveting for three hours. An actor like him doesn’t just act, he embodies the role. If a play is done well, you will lose the self-consciousness that comes with watching something staged."
"Do you know what makes me really feel good? Helping others."
"Barnes and Noble, who has a tablet for electronic books, The Nook, also has an app that can be used on the iPad. I figured it would be a cinch to purchase books with the grant money that PTO granted me for books. I suddenly found myself ahead of the wave…"
"If ANYONE can provide a more complete historical background on this locomotive, please shoot me a message!"
"‘Lucky Star.’"
"Hey, when you really think about it, maybe its already too late. The BN-controlled media was closed to any dissenting views, so the dissenters were forced to find alternatives. Technology opened up and flattened the playing field. In fact, as the mainstream media gets further sidelined by changing public behaviour and preference, the online media gets stronger."
"Until I decide what to do on the seed starting front I've been satisfying my desire for color, flowers, and foliage by working with some bright, custom-mixed polymer colors."
"President Obama has now signed the America Invents Act (AIA) into law, following a process which began when Congress and US industry first sought to overhaul the US patent system in 2004 and which draws US practice closer to the patent laws of the rest of the world than has previously been the case."
"Despite the bland weather and muted daylight, the architecture at Gardens by the Bay, both manmade and by Mother Nature, made us all very trigger happy. I would say that Gardens by the Bay is about 70% completed during this visit so when it gets finished in two months’ time, I am sure it will become the next hotspot for photography and lotsa nature lovin’ in the city!"
"The military and intelligence services of Russia and China are conducting a sustained campaign to steal American commercial and military secrets through cyberespionage, according to the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, and he warned that …"
"Wheat Grass*"
"Why, because everyone knows that the folks who drink booze are all alcoholics and a drain on the state's medical resources. And everyone knows that soda-drinking leads to obesity and a drain on the state's medical resources. Why does everyone know this? Because the people who make a living off screaming about this have told them. Not that they'd be biased, or maybe present things in a slanted way to support their case..."
"Azure"
"I took a liiiitttle bit of a break. But I'm back. Good times?"
"Former chairman and member of the bar council, Advocate Hilton Epstein, said: “I think we have a reputational crisis and the judiciary and all the judges have been held in the highest esteem in the country and now the judiciary is tainted by all this."
"dozen...a few always"
"Fourteen individuals—MP’s and other secular elements—resigned from the constitutional assembly to protest lack of representation for certain groups—including intellectuals–and demand a consensus-based constitution. I thought this was sort of spectacular— naive of me, as some politicians and analysts were quick to point out. Some worried that a constitution without wide support would make for a coup-prone Egypt in the future. But in the end, when Al-Ahzar University– the revered center of Islamist thought–withdrew their sole representative, urging an inclusive constitution assembly according to the true principles of Islam, the Muslim Brotherhood yielded 10 of their seats at the table to more liberal appointees."
"Vanya stepped off the ladder of the Medved lander. Pushing off the ground, he made a few light hops across the Moon’s surface that belied his large stature. Joining Kostya, Vanya looked out of the rocky, crater pocked landscape."
"Monday: 4 easy miles"
"(including 2 at The Twinery)"
"Edward Gibbon (English historian and member of parliament):"
"Science: guinea pig for my \"soon\"-to-be-published science curriculum"
"I promised you irony, and here it is:"
"Love Story – Taylor Swift"
"Some of these things, I end up buying; but many others sit in my lust list and are eventually forgotten in the wake of other new and exciting stuff instead. Real life is fickle."
"Im always glad to take profit, but the stock then went onto hit the 50% Fib @ 33.36p, which would have been a return of 11.1% rather than 8%, but oh well, profit is profit."
"Breakfast: 2 pieces of toast with strawberry jam - half an egg beaters omelet with cheese (2 starch, 1 dairy, 1 protein)"
"Brain damage is a common and potentially severe consequence of long-term, heavy alcohol consumption. Even mild-to-moderate drinking can adversely affect cognitive functioning (i.e., mental activities that involve acquiring, storing, retrieving, and using information) (1). Persistent cognitive impairment can contribute to poor job performance in adult alcoholics, and can interfere with learning and academic achievement in adolescents with an established pattern of chronic heavy drinking (2). A small but significant proportion of the heaviest drinkers may develop devastating, irreversible brain-damage syndromes, such as Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome, a disorder in which the patient is incapable of remembering new information for more than a few seconds (3)."
"12. Dead Chickens - \"Psycholomedo\""
"Another interesting perk to working at NORTH is that the employees are welcome to bring their dogs into the office whenever they want. Richardson states, “If I know I’m going to have a particularly stressful day, I bring my dog into work…if I feel overwhelmed I look down at him looking up at me and I feel ok.” This is so cool! Being a dog lover, I thoroughly appreciate the fact that they can bring their dogs to work!"
"I really don’t know what this is that I feel"
"The forces that terrorize Robbie in the film were drawn from Steven Spielberg’s own childhood fears, clowns, and the tree outside his bedroom window."
"After reading through the Haruhi light novels, there is one character who has yet to be animated who has jumped up onto my favorite characters list. Since my list is for characters who have actually appeared in an anime, I can’t rank her yet so this is an “extra” analysis of her character. Let’s just say that there’ll be some competition at the top of the list (not from Koizumi though). Introduced in the ninth novel of the franchise, The Dissociation of Haruhi Suzumiya, this character won over many on both sides of the Pacific and was the most anticipated character in the new novels. I’m running out of non-spoilerish things to say, so here is a post about the girl who’s on the cover of The Astonishment of Haruhi Suzumiya (Final)!"
"I'm so happy with how this came out. I was feeling unsure midway through but I love my end result. Devious Nature was more watery and runny than I expected. Two coats may have been sufficient but I simply preferred the look of three instead."
"Salted caramel has been somewhat of a trendy flavor lately, and so when I spotted these cupcakes on Pinterest, I had to give them a try. I was so pleased with the way they came out and although they have quite a few steps, the end result is totally worth it."
"I sat on my pack on the pavement, while he returned the rental car."
"Will the operational guidelines for the jobseekers allowance be amended to reflect that for some parents the cost of after school care will represent a poverty trap?"
"Eventually there will be dance performances for mysterious (apparently mostly male) audiences, travels through tunnels, and a train ride. At its most basic level, the film is about cycles of life and learning, growth and maturity, innocence and experience -- the sharp desires both for knowledge and freedom and for a return to blissful ignorance."
"Application needs one, and only one, instance of an object. Additionally, lazy initialization and global access are necessary."
"Archived entries are also allowed but they must be reposted."
"A brand portal for all the companies in India and a medical management software. Both these products are set to hit the Indian markets in February. In the months to come, if you hear the names Doondoo and MedEasy, remember this. It all started with “Two years ago, 2 young minds had an idea…”"
"Gladys looked at the half eaten cupcake. She glanced at the now empty container of cinnamon hearts and the sucker string that lie on her desk. She looked up at Mrs. Perkins and then over at Brad. There was only one thing she could do. Yes she must do it to save herself. She raised her hand and covered her mouth with her other hand. Mrs. Perkins turned to Gladys “Yes what is it?” Gladys removed her hand from her mouth “I don’t feel so good.” Mrs. Perkins cocked and eyebrow and started walking back toward Gladys. Gladys gagged and choked. There was a moment of the whole class sucking in air then expelling it all at once in anticipation of the volcanic eruption that would happen next. Mrs. Wells jumped into action grabbed Gladys and pulled her through the back door. “Let’s get some fresh air” Mrs. Wells said as she drug Gladys into the afternoon sunlight."
"Except for Amy, who made the interesting decision to drink real coffee this morning."
"I decided to ride her back down the lane home, which I've never done before. Jim walked with us and she was great."
"source: brand – Roter Hahn / Frieder Blickle"
"4. Fruit & Flowers: Take a typical bouquet to the next level by filling the glass vase with something unexpected, like sliced citrus fruits, berries or even jelly beans. Be sure to choose ingredients that play well with your flowers, like tangerine slices with hot pink peonies."
"Overlook a space of flowers,"
"Strong experience with SSIS"
"some days are really hard, and some days I almost feel defeated in my attempt of \"getting to know Moses,\" as my daughter wasn't nearly as hard to figure out. but there is something great about us \"hard-to-figure-out\" people, we are who we are for a reason. I am so grateful to have someone like me to love, someone who teaches me about myself. he is someone who I know years from now, I will be able to talk to about things and he will understand what I am feeling because he has felt it himself."
"And here's why she's celebrating!"
"Offering Prayer"
"Stoned me just like jellyroll–"
"Everything that happened after that night, after my mother and step-father rushed home, is a blur now. The years after that were a slew of hospital visits and drenched with the smell of the convalescence home and the sound of illness. I hated the convalescence home. The empty disoriented hollowness of death seemed to linger in the halls, hung on to the walls, refused to seep out through the screens on the open windows. Lying in bed with patients was against the rules but I still did it. I’d fall asleep next to my grandma for hours, held her hand even when she stopped being able to hold mine. My mother would read to her and I would tell her about my day. It went on like this for many years until suddenly it didn’t anymore."
"It was here in these early classrooms that my love for reading was first cultivated. I learned English letters quickly and found myself reading more and more at a very young age. As I mastered the ability to read at a certain grade level, I quickly moved on, finding more interesting reading material just around the corner on a different library bookshelf. I was a voracious reader at an early age, spending hours at the library perusing the hallowed book stacks. I always ended up checking out a stack of books too heavy for me to easily carry to bring home and pore over. The library was my safe haven and the only colorblind space I could engage myself with at ease."
"· Installing pedestrian bulb-outs at the Degraw Street and Columbia Street intersection to alert all vehicles of the narrower street geometry on Columbia Street south of DeGraw Street. This will have the added advantage of signaling to trucks that the truck route does not continue on Columbia Street south of DeGraw Street once the designated truck route is back in service."
"the project is a shameful mark in Kuwait’s history and is very much a racist project in a country that is known of its civil bodies and establishments. They found it nothing but a commercial project the government offered to companies robbing national funds. Speakers also emphasized that this can be considered, according to international laws, a project of racist segregation. They called on parliament members to be considerate of non-kuwaitis who have rights, as the constitution guarantees quality to all, and to stop this project that will be bad for Kuwait’s"
"Imagine then a world like that of the Jetsons where the surface was unseen and not thought about (except by scientists and industrialists). Floating forests and croplands could be assembled to mimic earth habitats and provide resources for a bourgeoning population of Venusian humans. Skyships would cruise between the flying city states dotted jewel-like in the glowing heavens. Over time these flying habitats could be used to alter the planetary temperature and shield the desolate lands below. Humankind and whatever friends and stowaways came with us would finally have a second home in easy shouting distance of Earth. How long would it be then before we took steps to take Earth life even farther into the universe?"
"After a few more murders, they soon realize that the killing that are happening are pretty much copies of the original murders, but with a twist. These killing follow the new generation of horror film rules which pretty much are the old rules, but in reverse.here's a quick run down of that."
"When I was in fifth grade my English teacher picked five of us in the class to be in a weekly writers group that met every Thursday morning. I wrote my first ‘book’ then and enjoyed it more than anything else at school. I wish I could say it’s been downhill from there, but it was several years before I tried to write another book."
"- 1 tsp salt"
"In my package today was a book on Exposure, an authentic Oktoberfest T-shirt (made in Honduras), and a wide selection of German chocolate and other candy, that I'm apparently supposed to share with the rest of the family."
"While the cupcakes were cooling, I stuck on the pies, with some garlic bread, the in-laws arrived for dinner. We all sat enjoying our pies (which really were delicious!!) and catching-up. When they left at 9.30pm our sides were hurting from regaling stories from over the last few years!"
"*Perfect for front or back"
"True story: the first time I saw In the Realm of the Senses was at a revival theater in San Francisco in the late-1980s."
"Perhaps your organization has its own legends, a senior leader who started her career as a secretary or a project manager who launched a product that changed your industry. As a new manager, this is an ideal time for you to reach out to those people and learn from them directly."
"Golf courses started hitting hard times a few years ago when the economy faltered and the ranks of players dwindled to go along with an oversupply of courses."
"Mother's day was really nice. Jerry went to bed relatively early the night before, so he could spend the day with me without being zombified. Warren made me breakfast, then we walked around the reservoir, Jerry was up when we got back, so we all headed out to Manhattan beach where Warren and I shared a coffee and Jerry had a bagel. We walked out onto the pier, but the cold wind drove us back up to main street where we browsed at a book store (and I bought a few books for the book drive which I really have to stop doing). We looked at a rundown shack for sale near the beach and were flabbergasted when we heard the price ($2.9 mil). Then we drove up to Venice Beach and had lunch at my favorite restaurant, Gaby's Mediterranean, which is apparently becoming a tradition because we ate there on Mother's Day last year, too. Back at home we each did our own thing for a while (my thing was organizing book drive books--it makes me so happy). Then Warren and I walked down to the wine shop and bought several bottle of white wine, came home, sat on our lovely new deck furniture and drank a couple glasses of wine. It really was a lovely day."
"I got the itch to clean out my pantry the other day. I had a huge container of peanut butter from Costco that I rarely eat except for the occasional spoonful before bed (What? You don't eat peanut butter by the spoonful?). I also had partially used bags/containers of craisins, white chocolate chips, and oatmeal. I'm happy to say that I made a little more room in my pantry, and I got some delicious oatmeal bars as a result of my \"hard\" work."
"Usage – The doctor’s jargon is indecipherable to a layperson."
"Wolverine #305"
"and how long it takes for certain veggies to mature."
"We must walk for true Democracy, we must walk to correct a recalcitrant government. We must walk for CHANGE."
"We welcome book proposals on a wide variety of subjects including, but not limited to the following: anarchist history and theory broadly construed; individual anarchist thinkers; anarchist-informed analysis of current issues and institutions; and anarchist or anarchist-inspired movements and practices. Proposals informed by anti-capitalist, feminist, ecological, indigenous, and non-Western or global South anarchist perspectives are particularly welcome. So, too, are projects that promise to illuminate the relationships between the personal and the political aspects of transformative social change, local and global problems, and anarchism and other movements and ideologies. Above all, we wish to publish books that will help activist scholars and scholar activists think about how to challenge and build real alternatives to existing structures of oppression and injustice."
"The regular season has concluded and the playoff matchups are set. Some of these matchups feature hated rivals from years past; others feature conference rivals in what will be a fantastic, brutal and entertaining playoff."
"They make us."
"Since Harry’s in Hoover closed its doors without fan fare, I’ve searched for Birmingham’s tastiest burger. The Birmingham News recently awarded this to local dive “Five Guys Burgers & Fries.” But I never could find that place. Now, I live a block from Marty’s, and a burger on rye at that late night hot spot is pretty terrific. It was the clubhouse leader. Until today."
"Their face and their smile comes to your mind,"
"Isabelle is really hard to photograph, but this time, I caught her not thinking about the person standing next to her with the camera."
"My joy is actively being attacked, and my life is messier than I am okay with, and I’m supposed to write about hope when in reality I’m considering running away from this. Running away from chasing after my passions, because my enemy isn’t happy with it, he’s actually pissed, and I’m not prepared to deal with it."
"641 D-IV/13/1973. “On Shakespeare’s Sonnets: Puzzles and Suggestions.” Assumption College, Worcester, Massachusetts."
"I have a love/hate relationship with Christmas music. What I like, I *really* like. But there's so much atrocious schlock that I just despise. For every \"Hark the Herald Angels Sing\" or \"Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire\", there's \"Feliz Navidad\", \"Rocking around the Christmas Tree\", etc., etc."
"You may have noticed something around here at CultFit. We take no pride in telling what to do, how to do it and how many almonds you should eat in a day on your paleo/granola cruncher diet. It really is this simple: Motivation and Work. Some have asked and the response is. . . There will be no forum here where everyone has a PhD in Kineseology and Bio Mechanics where they fail miserably at critiquing your half ass thruster and kipping pull ups; look elsewhere."
"Rnd 9: ch 3, dc in next 13 dc, 2 dc in next dc, *dc in next 14 dc, 2 dc in next dc; repeat from* around to last 2 dc; dc in last 2 dc; join with sl st to 1st dc (66 dc)"
"Assistant Commandant, U.S. Marine Corps (‘02–‘05)"
"The opening sets the tone of the film, with diegetic sound comprising the totality of the audio track and a combination of close-ups and taut editing propelling the action. The frame opens on a static close-up of an ATM machine before jutting abruptly to the bourgeois home of a young boy named Norbert, who enters his father's office to ask for his monthly allowance, plus an advance to pay off a debt he owes another schoolboy. The father gives his son the allowance but refuses the advance, leading Norbert to a friend who wants to test out a counterfeit 500-franc note. The boys head to a photo shop and buy a frame, paying with the fake bill and even getting change back. When the shop owner returns, he spots the fake but decides to pass it and some others off onto someone else so he doesn't have to eat the loss. He therefore pays the gas man, Yvon (Christian Patey), with the fake bills, which results in the man being arrested when he attempts to use them in a restaurant."
"LaShawn – Man it was crazy. I didn’t know what my feedback was going to be from the stands. I didn’t know a lot about how my body was going to respond, so I just had to put myself in the moment I was in. I got there and knew I had trained well and was ready to run fast so I just executed my race – and I ran the fastest time in the world. I knew I was in good shape and ready to run real fast. When I got to the finals it was sort of a new experience because it was the first time I had not run several races prior to a Championship. I went out and ran but my body and mind weren’t in one accord because I didn’t have all the races behind me. I just went out and was leading and just got to a zone where my body hadn’t been in a long time for my body and mind to know what to do. I wasn’t in sync, body and mind. You train to be there and do this and I think that’s what took me through to that point. I’m thankful for having the opportunity to do that and run that well. I got second at Worlds and didn’t have a great race on a certain day, but it let me know I was blessed with a gift. So I have to go out and work hard to take advantage of that gift."
"Blood transfusion centres used to just give you a cup of tea and a selection of biscuits. Things are looking up, though my friend opined she has never fully understood why doctors stopped using leeches and ‘bleeding’ patients on a regular basis."
"Sowohl euren brief wie das Pakete habe ich mit herzlichen dank erhalten. Es fallte mir schwere meine grossen Dankbarkeit mehligen aus danek nur zur verheilen, und wie wir geschmackt hat brauche ich wohl nicht zur schildern."
"Just for today, do not worry"
"OK....seriously....what the heck????. I read it again and then did a little probing into this statement. I quickly discovered whomever sent this, is correct, I have a feeling they would not like what I stand for or talk about. Original??????...I am not so sure."
"Now on to the point I raised earlier and promised to return to. Any believer who has read this far may well be thinking something along the lines of: “yes, but you atheists all think abortion and gay rights are ok” or “every atheist I speak to sounds like a fundamentalist to me”. It may seem like that but it is certainly not the case. There is no fundamental or core system of beliefs that being an atheist requires. It may seem that there is a liberal bias in the atheist community but that is really rooted in the concept that empirical scientific evidence is required (not just anecdotal hearsay or opinion) before anything can be truly accepted as fact. Scientific data rarely back up bigoted opinions about race or sexual orientation and a rejection of any hypothesis that cannot be independently verified, rather than it ‘just feeling right’ is often at the heart of an atheist’s world view. Many atheists may come across in a condescending or patronising manner because there is as much evidence for and adult’s belief in god as for a child’s belief in the tooth fairy (tooth at night - money in the morning, all the other children in class have the same, parents tell of a tooth fairy, why would a child not believe?). Just as the child in class with the older sibling tells all his or her classmates of the fairy fiction espoused by all their parents, so too the atheist feels the need to explain his or her revelation to all the naive believers who will listen. It is not surprising that many believers will be offended by the certainty or persistence of the atheist but this should not be mistaken for fundamentalism. A fundamentalist will continue to believe whatever her or she believes no matter what opposing evidence or argument is presented to them, the term ‘blind faith’ becomes appropriate here. A questioning mindset is often what brought an atheist to their gnosis, hard evidence to the contrary should never be dismissed."
"“Yes!” shouts the little girl. “Look Daddy, I made one.”"
"1 sodei"
"I hope your hands get creatively dirty soon!"
"It was a bit short but it was all worth it. I can personally say that no matter how long the travel time is, once you laid your eyes on this place, you will all forget that and I promised to come back over and over and over again. =)"
"Gas in the water supply often comes from leaks in the wells. According to industry figures reviewed by Cornell Professor Anthony Ingraffea about 5% of new wells leak while 50% will eventually leak. Once they leak, they leak forever."
"Somie is a digital junkie with a love for social media and all things music-related. This Nigerian native has been living in Cape Town for the past 11 years and has adopted the lifestyle and culture of the city – including Afrikaans!"
"And I chatted to someone about picture book text, which was curious."
"The Ancient One is doing his best to get \"off-book\" as the Grandpa and enjoys both the richness of the character and the opportunity to play an age-appropriate character. There aren't a lot of really wonderful curmudgeons out there, but Grandpa certainly is one."
"For I am the LORD, I change not; Mal. 3:6"
"Finish: Medium length. An excellent balance of sweet and dry flavours."
"1 jimmy"
"Place your hope and faith fully in Christ. You will never be left unfulfilled or left wanting more. Expect Him to do great things in and through your life. He will!!! (Jn14:12-14)"
"I painted a little wooden picture frame with blue paint.. then swiped my brush through to give it \"texture\""
"There are many couscous recipes out there and a some call for summer squash as the vegetables. I personally don't like to use vegetables that need to be cooked because it takes away from the speediness of the dish. All you need for this recipe is a kettle, a knife and a cutting board. The best water-pasta ration for me is 1:1; easy to remember and provides the best texture."
"I’m currently on Indonesia~ Everyone are missing me so much, right? haha.."
"For Christmas last year we bought Miss13 a cupcake decorating class, I didn't want her to be lonely so I joined in too. The two hour decorating classes was only $50 which I think is a bargain. Cupcakes for Poppy was founded when Louise started making cupcakes for her daughter, Poppy which quickly turned into an obsession and the business was born. They now have a retail store in Crown Street and offer cake decorating classes as well as cakes and decorating supplies. You can friend them of facebook and drool at the creations they make."
"butter melts, then continue to heat to just before the boiling point (bubbles will form around the pan’s rim)."
"“Thermal coal markets remain weak as a result of the mild winter, coupled with low natural gas prices and reduced demand for electricity related to the economic downturn. We are taking this step to align production with committed sales,” Patriot Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Bennett K. Hatfield said in a statement Friday."
"Organised by Solicitors International Human Rights Group, the London forum featuring Breham and Suaram director Cynthia Gabriel presented the latest findings on the kickbacks allegedly paid by DCN to Malaysian officials, which may include Najib."
"\"I do feel better...You do have magic powers.\""
"There was a time where it felt like this was the only band I was listening to. As a result I don't really listen to them anymore. I've seen them live a few times and been underwhelmed, but the impact this album made on me just won't fade. I discovered them at the beginning of a short but intense friendship and I have trouble separating the two. I also remember putting \"Heart Cooks Brain\" on a mixtape for a boy that never reciprocated. This album carries the nostalgia of a lost of firsts and a long bout of teenage malaise."
"-River Front Park in North Charleston is where they shoot all park scenes as well as many other waterfront scenes. Also, right next to the park is the neighborhood where you can find all of these houses as well as the administration building. When you turn right into the park turn left just before the parking lot and you will immediately see the administration building on your right. Keep driving and you will see the other houses. Unfortunately, Roxy's house was no where to be found. Nor could I find Piedmont place(Roland's office). The old Hump Bar is located across from the POV office. If you drive south from the River Front Park on the King Street Exd you will see the back of it on your left. It is on Meeting Street. If you get to Blu Gorilla Tattoo Parlor you've gone too far south. I hope that helps anyone who wants to go visit. If you do plan on making your way to Charleston check out my post tomorrow for cool places to go and eat!!"
"While in London, the singer took some time to visit her pal Drake, who was in town performing at the O2 arena earlier this week. The singer was spotted riding the Tube to the show on Tuesday night. Wearing her hair blond and shaggy, she was decked out in thigh-high boots, a leather jacket and a flame-embossed T shirt over barely there denim shorts. The only way she disguised herself was with a pair of sunglasses."
"Young adult novels tend to be quickly written off by the literary world as extremely shallow, love stories that are designed to pump money out of teens. Across the Universe and author Beth Revis really show the literary world that the distinction of “YA” novel doesn’t have to mean shallow plot lines, paper-thin characters, and intense supernatural love."
"New Beginnings reportedly couldn't and didn't perfom the court functions being privatized, instead constructing what seems from a distance almost a surreal Potemkin Village where company officials would bamboozle kids and their families: \"as a private company, New Beginnings did not have the authority to impose legal sanctions on truancy offenders.,\" wrote Torres. \"The company instead would hold mock court hearings before students reached the stage that a real court appearance was necessary. It was a program that one district administrator called 'a bluff factor.'\""
"i shall be painting it lol ..."
"Oh, and I set up a new commenting system on the blog. I can now comment right back to you directly in discussion form, and you can share the post on any of your social networks by clicking the buttons below each posts in the comment thread. And you can like posts! Fun stuff!"
"Grayson opened his eyes as Doyle emerged from the spacious walk-in closet. “There’s nothing noticeable missing from here or in her wardrobe—clothes, shoes, luggage—all neatly arranged with no gaps where something used to be. No sign of a struggle anywhere. It looks to me as if she just walked out and left everything behind. Including you.”"
"When you consider all Mila has been through in the last 3 months, she is doing great. I mean the poor girl was taken out of the only home she's ever known, traveled half way across the world, saw lots of doctors, had airway surgery only 3 weeks after being home, and open heart surgery one week later! Whew! How did we make it through all that???? What a whirlwind! God surely carried us through and continues to do so. If someone would have told me this would be our path and we'd adopt a baby who would have so many medical needs, I would have said NOPE! We trusted God and followed him on the crooked, twisty-turvy path he laid ahead of us piece by piece. I never thought we'd be strong enough to make it down that path, but here we stand....rising with God by our side."
"The article gives us a full curriculum on the amazing blessings of social media, including all the usual stuff -- \"cultural curation\", \"lines of conversation\",\"avenues of authenticity.\" (Strangely, however, nothing about congressmen tweeting pictures of their weenies.)"
"Ndebele was in a police car next to hers and yelled out the window. The young female constable then stopped her vehicle and climbed out - gesturing to Mrs Ndebele to repeat her comments because she couldn't hear them properly while driving."
"Park Moo Yul is your quintessential bad boy athlete: gorgeous, arrogant, talented and hot tempered. He’s got just as many antis as he has fans and is a key player on the Red Dreamers baseball team."
"love encourages"
"All new illustrators should show a complete range of work in their initial portfolio; it is important to demonstrate that you can illustrate animals, people, buildings and landscapes equally convincingly. A publisher will need to rely upon you to go where the text takes you, even if your particular speciality is one of these things. It’s important to bear in mind that most books are still printed using the 4-colour print process, as well, so your particular technique needs take into account that certain textures and colours won’t reproduce, or will flatten, during repro. It’s generally a good idea to use as broad a colour palette as possible when working for younger children."
"The signers of the Declaration of Independence pledged their lives, their fortunes and their sacred honor. Their honor they put last, in the chief place. That was what counted. And you can feel it, when 18th Century men write about their honor, or the horror of being dishonored: it's central to them, a mainspring of their thought and action. For something so central to simply vanish from a culture is astonishing. (I say “men” advisedly. The concept of honor for women was an entirely different and lesser thing: it had to do mostly with sexual fidelity, and it's hard to see it as much more than an instrument of subjection. More about that anon.) Your first guess, of course, would that “honor” hasn't really vanished: it's just going by another name. People do still talk about integrity, about being true to yourself, that sort of thing. And that, certainly, is half of what 18th Century men meant by honor."
"Author: YASMINE YAHYA"
"And don't forget to visit each of the Design Team members' blogs to see who they have chosen as their favourite from last week's linky party.﻿"
"It takes time to gain traction, another author assured us. People who are earning thousands of dollars on their backlist titles are 1) not earning that overnight and 2) are earning it across many multiples of titles. Expect to hit the Amazon charts at a rank of 300,000 to 600,000 and stay there for a month or more then slowly work your way up. In fact, be prepared for it to take 6 months, 12 months, as much as 18 months to gain traction. It’s a slow but steady build."
"1) 260, 320, 360, 380- havent done that as a legitimate squat so was pretty pleased with it."
"We also sometimes have people get unhappy with us who have written to ask us if an agent or publisher they've queried is legitimate. When we reply back with info that reflects the data we've gathered on that agent or publisher, and the info we provide is negative, they climb aboard a reed boat and push off into that big river in Northern Africa, \"De Nile.\" \"Does this mean I shouldn't sign their publishing/agenting contract?\" is a response we receive all too often, I'm afraid. Even worse, they'll say, \"Does this mean I shouldn't have signed that contract and paid them X amount?\""
"When we understand the relationship between grace and mercy, we see the giving nature of God more clearly; we see the great lengths to which He has gone to make a way for us to be forgiven for our sins; we see the miraculous gift it is that He’s done even more in giving us His Holy Spirit to empower us to live above sin’s domination. And when we see all of that, we can revel in the grace of God that brings us the mercy of God."
"I’ve already ordered and received 17 items (seriously!) from Sneakpeeq, all for little to no money out of my pocket… And I love them all. I choose to store my freebies and purchases away to give as Christmas presents this year. Very excited to give such great gifts that cost me little to nothing."
"I couldn't get over my disdain for this website. While am I letting this WEBSITE make me feel bad? Like I'll never measure up to its expectations?"
"If all I could do was peruse the market, I would be content with that. But as luck would have it, I did get to do a bit of cooking during this trip. I knew I wanted to make a seafood dish but the question was which seafood. It's funny how an abundance of fish, clams, and fresh water crab can confuse a usually decisive person. In the end, I settled with squid. My plan was to fry it and serve with a dressing made up of fresh garlic, jalapenos and culantro. Not cilantro. Culantro."
"-Because we only started with a day's worth of cloth diapers for her at 5 weeks, we also used disposables (mostly of which were gifts from showers) when I wash the cloth diapers."
"She didn't NQ me, but said she'd have to \"hit me\" for it. I said that I understood."
"(Kathy Ide wrote this eight-part series.)"
"(besides her obvious cuteness)"
"First post of 2011 and it's the 16th today. I can't believe it's been so long, but I've been fairly busy with Twitter, Facebook, work, my sofa and of course my parents move."
"And then is heard no more: it is a tale"
"The bad reasons!"
"While Americans have seen a recession ravage savings accounts, lawmakers on Capitol Hill have only gotten richer."
"The concert comes to a close, the crowd clears and stumbles off smelling fresh, green and grungy. Stage hands begin the tear down and the grounds team gets to work. The only physical memories left of the teeming crowd are garbage and blankets. The actual memories of those who were there will survive well into a warmly remembered night, and gradually fade away. Luckily for all of us, there will be more music in the outdoors, on the streets, and in our homes."
"\"Time to come alive with some hit music and jive!\" You have to give Kid Jensen this credit, without resorting to props or idiocy he comes up with something new to open every show. There is, however and sad to say, little jive about the show. Just in time for their final week in the top 30 the show has updated its Rubettes picture, the old five piece in the caps and suits gone in favour of what looks more like the cast of a dropped after one series northern based down at heel ITV detective series, except for the one wearing a pilot's uniform with cap."
"‘Why he didn’t run? Why he dare to stare at my eyes?’The man asks in his mind."
"Supplies used: cardstock - white; patterned papers - First Date, Lucky Laugh, Pretty Please all in Neopolitan by American Crafts; Buttons - my stash; rhinestones - Bazzil; sentiment stamp from Wimsical Fun - Vol 1 by Whimsical Designs; Once Upon A Princess Cricut cartridge."
"So. You get some of the dancers from our local Irish Dance School:"
"Alice in Wonderland? OH well, at least it wasn't that hideous western True Grit. The winner previously won for Memoirs of a Geisha and Chicago."
"Staff Sexologist and Cultural Officer"
"Tap 126"
"Nora may not have a formal education, but she graduated with honors from the school of hard knocks. She’s been through tough times and she’ll do whatever it takes to support her family, including helping with harvest time at the Cavanaugh’s orchard. She’s always kept a single-minded focus on staying afloat...but suddenly her thoughts keep drifting back to rugged, opinionated Tom Cavanaugh."
"The clinical efficacy of a herbomineral formulation containing roots of Withania somnifera, the stem of Boswellia serrata, rhizomes of Curcuma longa and a zinc complex (Articulin-F), was evaluated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, cross-over study in patients with osteoarthritis. After a one-month single blind run-in period, 42 patients with osteoarthritis were randomly allocated to receive either a drug treatment or a matching placebo for a period of three months. After a 15-day wash-out period the patients were transferred to the other treatment for a further period of three months. Clinical efficacy was evaluated every fortnight on the basis of severity of pain, morning stiffness, Ritchie articular index, joint score, disability score and grip strength. Other parameters like erythrocyte sedimentation rate and radiological examination were carried out on a monthly basis. Treatment with the herbomineral formulation produced a significant drop in severity of pain (P less than 0.001) and disability score (P less than 0.05). Radiological assessment, however, did not show any significant changes in both the groups. Side effects observed with this formulation did not necessitate withdrawal of treatment."
"This weekend was spectacular, as the older girls in my group had fun between shows putting on their own “flash mob” performance at a train station full of surprised and happy revelers headed to Chicago, videotaping themselves dancing on the streets, two-hour prep before a completely different costumes and hair at the Genesee Theater, five-minute notice to dance with the Shannon Rovers."
"Thank God!"
"nonetheless raved about Obama’s oratory skills, intellect, and cool"
"I know I can't stop this time. But what the heck is the point? If a freaking carpenter was putting together a building and every nail he put in someone else took out, how long would he try to build that damn house? Everything I do somebody undoes. What's the freaking point? I want to tear into my husband when he gets home, but is this really his fault? Who do you want to get mad at when you fail? Who do you blame? Your mom? Your kids? Your poor unsuspecting husband? Even if they could do more to help us, it doesn’t change the fact that this is hard. Changing the entire way our family operates is going to be difficult damn it. Excuse my language but I'm really pissed off. I know I need to do this for Christ, I know I need it"
"And I hate to say this but I have my trusty iPad and camera and will be posting lots more photos."
"I had a few of these charms left over from another project I made so used them up on these. I stamped the background using a Marion Emersion stamp and then the sentiment from PTI. I fixed the charms in place using some seam binding - my new favourite thing at the moment."
"Honey and lemon or lime to taste."
"The chapter that I read was Technology and Society by Raymond Williams. What this chapter discussed is how technology has begun to change the current culture. More specifically, how television has been one the most significant technology forms to cause this cultural change. This chapter discusses how TV is the medium through which ideas such as change and reformation are expressed and shared."
"Not content to maintain the fiction that the suffering and dying of Afghanis and Canadian soldiers is ‘a world away,’ Wayman fuses the two in a single poem sequence, such as Mt. Gimli Pashtun. “A loss thrums in the soil here, / vibrates in the cold alpine wind. / Here the Pashtuns blown apart, or maimed / by bullets released in the name of this country / now dwell…” By transposing the carnage from Afghanistan to this snowy peak in our own backyard, the poet is reminding us that no matter how separate from the conflict we may think we are, there’s a spiritual cost we all pay for such duplicity. “Those who rule us have sent / men and women with our money / to kill to protect a corruption / struggling against another corruption…” We may think we can ignore it, disavow our complicity, but as the poem majestically concludes over the glittering snows of Mt. Gimli: “In the serenity / above treeline / a spreading stain bleaches half the sky. / To the south, amid dim cloud mounds, / are flashes of light: detonations / of an improvised / innocence.” This is pure brilliance—a masterful stroke of political art."
"Round 14: Ch 4. Skip first ch 1 space, dc in next dc, ch 1, skip next ch 1 space. Repeat from * around. Join as above."
"Oh, and to the head of Vote FOR Marriage NC: we used to think that G-d’s “natural order of things” also involved a racial hierarchy, which we now see was just us being racists. It is possible that we just don’t know what G-d, if there is a G-d, wanted. Maybe we should leave Him/Her out of our politics."
"Today’s Question: Can you name the 3 cities that have held the Winter Olympics more than once?"
"Long drives can help, and I find that drives in heavy, high-speed, freeway traffic work best--for some reason, knowing that it's life-endangering to make so much as a note seems to encourage the subconscious to become especially fecund."
"Thank you to all that prayed for his peace and comfort."
"So … long before I ever took my first breath or was even a glimmer in my parents eyes, God had already written all the days that He ordained for me in His book. God is not surprised by my cancer. God will not be surprised by my death. And what I absolutely must not lose sight of is that my Creator God has given me life … abundant life … on this earth with my wife, family, friends, church and Jesus until those ordained days have run their course."
"Her wet lotus feet"
"And give me boldness and opportunities"
"Tinariwen — which means “empty spaces” or “deserts” in its Tuareg tongue — has grown into an ever-evolving collective with a handful of core members, which helps its sound stay fresh. On its fifth studio release, “Tassili,” the band expands its horizons further with guest artists Tunde Adebimpe and Kyp Malone (TV on the Radio), Nels Cline (Wilco) and the Dirty Dozen Brass Band. All are musicians at the top of their creative game.”"
"And just maybe he remembered, his humble beginnings, at a place once called Fort Stotsenberg."
"By the way, a very nice person in contact with schools in Australia, told me that she knows several classes who enjoy this blog, but that they aren't able to comment because of school internet policy. I quite understand and I just love the idea that you're out there reading this. So, helloooooo!"
"So, in the spirit of going back to poetry's roots, the Poetry Seven are at it again with a pickup game of renku. Liz and Andi threw us the idea a week ago, and presto! by today, we have something that weaves and jinks and laces us all together. We have a game. Play with us."
"Joshua Ross Blade and I met back in 1999, in Helaman Halls, during our freshman year at BYU. we have been friends ever since. we have been through a lot together, but have remained friends through it all."
"Her blog is little jewels of beading and everything to do with beading and more. A veritable treasure trove of loveliness and a wealth of information."
"Please be sure to read my rules for entering and remember, I no longer can ship outside US/Canada. Thanks, and good luck. More giveaways to come."
"Here are more images of what I completed:"
"Pages: 464"
"With barely a ripple"
"The nine unions, while fighting for the rights of the textile mill workers, also call upon the citizens of Mumbai to wake up and join the fight to save scarce space in the city."
"The product is a milky white liquid that applies like emulsion, not too creamy and thick, but not like water (or jelly) either. After spreading it out on your face, it dries within a few minutes. After which the fun begins! According to the SA, after it dries, you start rubbing it like you’re trying to rub dirt off your face, until you rub off most of it. If required, wash off the remaining with lukewarm water. So I started rubbing and it actually takes quite a bit of effort to rub it all off! It comes off in little bits like you’re rubbing off a layer of your skin."
"Protect skin from the sun"
"and the Mississippi River isn't supposed to crest until May 10."
"Sadako: \"Fellow liberal arts student facing student loans, eh?\""
"Hen giggled in that way of hers that always won over strangers. “Mom says you’re our neighbor.”"
"Please excuse me while I leap onto a chair and scream shrilly while gathering my housecoat up above my baggy biscuit-coloured (and faintly biscuit-scented) tights. Yes, I am the woman from Tom and Jerry. My secret is out."
"In lieu of the position I want, I hang towards the window and survey scenery I’ve seen so many times before it no longer registers. A tree’s a tree."
"I think it is fabulous, strange, and I love it."
"So here I sit, not laughing now, as I type in my pajamas..and I could do with some B12...standing together that's what they make for me."
"It is a spirit that bows reverently before God, and then holds its divinest gifts as not too good nor too fine to be used in Christ‘s name in the service of the lowliest of God’s creatures."
"Open Your Eyes"
"For a selective and particular child it might become"
"11/18 Eugene, OR Wow Hall"
"When things go wrong as they sometimes will,"
"So because of my reason (and Mr. Scottish’s reason), we will definitely not be having anything monogram-ed at the wedding."
"Like many children's hospitals, there are non-stop activities available for the patients at Dell, and the Child Life Specialists are amazing. But let's face it - at the end of the day, you're still in the hospital, and that stinks! Especially on birthdays, holidays, and other special days. To help spread some cheer and encouragement, St. Jude's (which is celebrating 50 years of finding cures and saving children) has set up a link for you to send e-cards to kids spending their Easter holiday in the hospital. It's free and takes just a few minutes - and you know these little bunnies are worth it. So, HOP to it, y'all!"
"I'm going quirky with this post. What better forum to get crazy and silly. Since I'm writing this late at night, it's kind of like a pj party and all the giggly stuff is coming out. Hold your pillows until the end please..."
"This morning, the image of a former professor came to mind. He was dressed--as any self-respecting modern professors would dress--in a polo shirt and khaki shorts. Yet, to the studied eye or keen ear, the eco-friendly sandals and the \"surfer-dude\" accent marked this particular professor as holding a position in the Biology department. As for his character, I can say little, but he was a friendly liberal (as they often are) hyper with enthusiasm—that modern educator’s substitute for knowledge. He had just enough grasp on reality to make his way to campus; he did not, for example, drive East, when he should have driven West, for he knew not everything was relative. Yet, in everything else, he could have asked, with a certain Roman governour, \"what is truth?\". In short, he was everything I loathe in a teacher."
"After spending a lot of time this week researching copyright of papers (including scrapbooking papers, downloadable scrapbook papers etc...) it has become very apparent that even scrapbooking paper you buy in a store or online and even some downloadable ones PLUS, as the lovely Amanda has pointed out in her comment on this post...even gift wrap...are subject to copyright, even when they say that they can be used for small commercial productions....so buyer beware, is all I can surmise. So, I decided to play it very safe and made my own spotty papers using Microsoft Paint (not very technical, I know...but I will look into how I can make more complicated designs)."
"It’s a bit of a no-brainer, but in the face of a materialistic, consumerist culture, I’ve got to ask: is this all life is about? Years ago I found & bought this T-shirt which I wore for years (no it’s not me in the photo). For me, this more accurately represents where consumerism & materialism end up – no where. It represents what St Paul said to young Pastor Timothy nearly 2000 years ago when he said, “we brought nothing into the world, and we can take nothing out of it” (1 Tim 6:7). But then he goes on to say, “if we have food and clothing, we will be content with that” (v8). Can you imagine that – being content with what we have in life? Is it even possible in a culture that is always striving to create within us discontent with what we have – not just in material possessions, but with every aspect of life? For example, how many marriages have broken up because one partner hasn’t been content with the spouse God has given to him/her and has failed to acknowledge their own shortcomings in the relationship…"
"She keeps on growing"
"When did laughter whither and sand dry your throat?"
"LLL: Pee and tea."
"So your cover has enticed the reader in and the price tag has them thinking they might just take a chance on an unknown author. Now they’ll move on to check out the book itself. The first thing they’re going to read is the pitch. You want to sell your book to that reader. Make it concise and exciting. I read too many blurbs that start with ‘this is a story about...blah blah blah’. Seriously? Read some of the blurbs of"
"age: 2-5"
"Rowwen Hèze Rooie kleed NL"
"Well the first thing I’m thinking of has to do with how yard work relates to the gardening tool, a spade. And YIKE, 9 relates (via numerology) to a transition, death, ending, permanent change. Spades are used for digging in the garden. Well, I pick up my card and look at what I wrote on the 9 of spades card itself. On the card I wrote, “warning, papers, accidents”. Does this mean that I had a warning and did not heed it and thus had an accident? Gosh, I do remember it hurting like blazes at first, nearly like a muscle pull. On the hand out paper it says, “Bad luck in all things, depression and low energy, destruction, deaths, extreme anxiety.” Well, that’s pretty negative! Isn’t it? I don’t think that I need to go much further; after all, I already know the past. I’m going to go with “a bad luck accident” in my interpretation. I may look at the tarot suit of swords as a comparison. The 9 of Swords in tarot is about worrying too much—that’s one interpretation that I’d give it. One insight I’d give here to myself here is that my worry about the elbow (I did fret about it quite a lot because it has been limiting—hurting with nearly every moVement) may have prolonged my suffering. Too much fretting kept the pain going perhaps. Okay, let’s look at the present."
"less likely to be satisfied after sex-reassignment surgery."
"Of course, the BRC specials will be available too. The hot ala carte as well."
"presenting your quality slides, and then you see this person"
"After visiting the Memorial, we stopped by another lovely covered bridge that was, appropriately enough, located on Covered Bridge Road. Then it was on home. The trip home was pretty long and we were glad when arrived safely back. We had a wonderful time and would highly recommend this trip to others. For now, though, our bags are unpacked and in the closet. Waiting for the next adventure!"
"I immediately went to the \"Cocktails\" tab and started looking through the recipes for alcoholic drinks. Dealing with customers every day has turned me into quite the alcohol connoisseur. They have a recipe called a Peanut Brittle Caramella that looks good but I didn't get that flavor of syrup in the package so I couldn't make it. Not until I buy the right syrup for it. Hmm...clever marketing tactic, Torani."
"Cited motorists who buy a hands-free device before their scheduled court date can go to City Hall and have their fines withdrawn, Heuer said."
"Edited to add: And I love it. Goes on easily, the whiteness fades quickly, and it works well. The only downside is cost-- the tube is very small and lasted us less than two weeks for just one little girl. I ordered two more tubes."
"3:30PM \"shroomin\"(2426 Guadalupe)"
"* Let's Go Rangers!"
"I don’t fully understand the reason why my attempt at adding a “TM” character resulted in char id of 8482 but I’m guessing Bitmap fonts via UIToolkit work with ASCII characters, hence the 0 – 255 range, while my computer used Unicode (which goes well beyond 0-255) when I typed “TM” into Hiero’s “Sample text” text box."
"Melt 2 Tbsp. butter in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add onion and cook until softened, stirring occasionally, 4 to 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Scrape into slow cooker."
"America should mind its own business and take care of its own debts. How do I come to this conclusion of who to help?"
"Faithful readers (or should I say, faithful reader ), I’m sorry I haven’t blogged in a long, long time. I could proffer some lame excuse about being extremely busy or about how my life has changed extraordinarily over the last few months– but I’m bad liar. I just haven’t felt “it” for awhile."
"The BFG's biggest asset may be his extraordinary hearing but the quality I most admire is his unique way of seeing the world. It is infectious and I felt as though I had awoken from an adventure in one of the BFG's phizzwizard dreams."
"However, the BBC recently reported that “e-mails, which appear to show that Mr Coulson authorised the payments, have been passed to the police”."
"NOTE: The words of a man’s mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing brook. Proverbs 18:4 KJV"
"Getting typically whiny, Texas officials are now threatening to cancel the entire health program rather than follow Federal law and support the health of the citizens they were elected to serve."
"I let the wind run through my hands"
"But, back to the recipe."
"This got us into a lengthy discussion as to the merits of hockey and comparisons with (American) Football."
"\"I think we were destined to have a business together. Our different strengths and preferences complement each other, and we are best friends who truly love working together. Despite the obvious desire we had to do this, we felt no rush towards action on it, since we were each still finishing our degrees, getting married, buying houses, and enjoying young adulthood. Our business plans seemed like something we’d do 'once we grew up' still, and we meanwhile relished our casual chats as young twenty-somethings talking about this sister business we’d certainly have, one day, and just how great it will be."
"When a chiropractor friend from California gave her some sourdough starter, my mom made sourdough for years. It’s still one of my favorite smells. At some point, the sourdough starter stopped starting, but she kept on making bread. Cinnamon raisin, multigrain, white, wheat, oatmeal…"
"I came here eleven summers ago."
"This is the opposite of the first need. When we feel that we lack something. We want to try other things because we are bored. There are also repercussions you get uncertain, addiction enters when feel we want something different or an option for being discontent and uncertain. We should take control of this require."
"I write at an average of about 800-900 words an hour (which is about average for human beings), so I need about 60 hours of focussed writing time to do my 50k. There are 168 hours in a week; I knew going into NaNo that I was going to need over a third of the available hours to meet my goal of completing in a week."
"But you see, the drop in salary shouldn’t be an issue. More products and services should reflect more income for organizations – enough to pay reasonable wages for a double shift. And more products mean more sales, and more sales should translate to lower prices. More people employed means more investment and more taxes paid."
"I got to know Julia and John quite well over the summer and was amazed at how little I knew about video games. Luckily John clued me in about many of them and what weapons were able to kill each dragon and I even learned a little bit about how to painfully torture some army men also. Julia taught me many new things also, she is just a gorgeous little lady who I can already tell is going to one day be representing Nebraska at the National Pageant and I'll be there cheering her on every step of the way! I can tell that going to these events has really helped these two become more outgoing and less shy. It surprised me from the day we were crowned to the day we gave our titles away just how much more outgoing they were and were willing to talk to strangers they met on their journey this past year."
"This leads me to a point of distinction between the Kingdom believer and the member of the Body of Christ during this age of grace. For those who were under the kingdom programme they had this promise of Matthew 28:20. The Lord told them, “Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.” This is repeated in Hebrews 13:5. “He hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.”"
"I sort of just went and picked up. I called Steven to tell him something(he was at work), and he heard Amos in the background, mewing."
"Modern cities are incredibly fragile organisms, which tremble on the edge of disaster the entire time. During a severe blizzard, it is electricity alone that prevents a midwinter urban holocaust. We saw what adverse weather can do, when 15,000 people died in the heatwave that hit France in August 2003. But those deaths were spread over a month. Last weekend’s weather, without energy, could have caused many tens of thousands of deaths over a couple of days."
"½ small red onion, thinly sliced"
"I placed the tin into the oven and hoped for the best. I then decided I would risk having a sit down, bliss! The thirty-five minutes soon passed and I went back to the oven to check on the cake. As I opened the door I thought the cake smelt and looked like a dark gingerbread. The middle was still very soft, so I put it back into the oven for another ten minutes. By this time it appeared to be cooked through. Mary says not to worry if the cake sinks a little in the middle as it just means that there was a bit too much treacle added. I was annoyed to see a dip in mine as I had been so careful to weigh the treacle accurately!"
"Psychologist Russell Barkley, one of mainstream mental health’s leading authorities on ADHD, says that those afflicted with ADHD have deficits in what he calls “rule-governed behavior,” as they are less responsive to rules of established authorities and less sensitive to positive or negative consequences. ODD young people, according to mainstream mental health authorities, also have these so-called deficits in rule-governed behavior, and so it is extremely common for young people to have a “dual diagnosis” of AHDH and ODD."
"Thanks to the revolution that digital brought in photography, now this hobby is acessible to everyone, because the costs have been considerably lowered compared to the times when film was used."
"I trembled, not out of fear, but out of contentment because I wanted so much more of you"
"2) Meta Description Tags: This is where your description is shown when getting search engine results. Your website’s content will be described exactly how you want the reader to interpret it on the search engine results page of Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc. This is created on the back-end of your website using the HTML tags properly. Ask your developer to code this accurately to your specifications."
"The nice thing about doodles I do like this, is that they end up sitting on my desk for a week, where, I will frequently look at it and make a minor adjustment or tweak. In a week this picture will look much more refined and detailed."
"7- Work for peace and you will be called children of God. I must live at peace with others as well as help others live at peace with each other. I need to be a peace maker and doer in all areas of my life. (even at home)"
"How fun is that?"
"Creamy Cajun Horsey Vegetable"
"For my niece Megan's room my sister-in-law picked this adorable Twinkle Little Star Baby Bedding by Kimberly Grant. This set is great it really goes with their home, they have brown and tan throughout the rest of the home so it really ties in well. The bedding is also great because it is gender neutral. When they have another baby later on they can reuse it."
"Or maybe – in these days when we’re re-considering dozens of other societal institutions — it’s time to revisit the value of gravity. Has this fundamental interaction of nature lost its appeal? Do we still want to live in a universe in which objects with mass attract one another? Or is it time to shop around for other systems of physics?"
"Lay the pears in your tart shell in concentric circles. Pour the custard over the pears, filling right up to the edges but being careful not to overfill. Don’t worry if you can’t see the pears any more – they will emerge as your tart bakes!"
"We arrived after everyone else, having waited for a bus that never came. Finally gave up and walked."
"* If one's PC became aware that they (alone?) had shifted, but nothing was profoundly different, would that affect the play-quality of that and the other player/s?"
"took"
"If you've been watching Project Runway with as much dedication as I have, you know who Elisa is. She's the wacky designer who marks fabric with spit and sort of seems like she's always tripping on acid, but just a little bit. She also seems like a really nice person, and that counts for a lot in reality television these days, at least for me. However, I've never really liked her work:"
"than a few recipes I'm willing to try, so I ordered a subscription for under $10 for the year. I'm not really a total magazine girl, but when it comes to food I can't get enough of the recipe-filled goodness this magazine provides. After looking through my first magazine, I'd have paid $50 for what tips and recipes I've found so far."
"I seem to recall the sage advice of a much wiser brewer than myself. \"Relax. Don't worry. Have a homebrew.\" Ahhhh, sage advice indeed!"
"Pinksy ultimately acknowledged that the mayor’s office, the ESDC, and the state’s Washington (lobbying) office, had been involved."
"We would take the occasional water and bathroom breaks, but would practice in that room all day long. My most vivid memory is peaking out of the room at about 2am both of us wrapped in the shabby avocado green blanket his mom sent from home, opening the front door, and watching all the kids stumble home from the bars. It was reading day and everyone was out partying but we were in touching, caressing, and learning how to please one another."
"26.12 Monday, no regular class, but Jason will post if there is an “open gym” time where everyone can come in and work on whatever he feels like."
"My ultimate goal for 2012 is to work out more times than I did in 2011, and now that the year is one-quarter gone (shocking, huh?), I went back and calculated that in the first quarter of 2011, I worked out 75 out of 90 days (83.3%) – so I’m reaching my goal (by two-tenths of a percentage point)! Woo-hoo!"
"The media will lie and lie and twist and squirm, however, the glaring fact is the research suggests that native white Britons are at least twenty times less likely to be involved in the disgusting crime of child sexual grooming than are the mass ranks of newcomers to our country."
"Following are two lists from Wikipedia, the first being scientists for whom non-SI units of measurement were named, and the second a list of scientists for whom SI units were named. Note that all of them are either European or American, and with the exception of Nicola Tesla (Serbian-American) and Loránd Eötvös (Hungarian), the Europeans are all from north and western Europe. (The three Italians on the lists, Volta, Torricelli, and Galileo, were all from northern or central Italy.)"
"Video playback file formats: MPEG4-SP playback 30fps VGA, MPEG4-AVC playback 30fps QVGA, WMV9 playback 30fps QVGA, MPEG4-SP playback 30 fps nHD"
"worsted weight yarn (in Pretty spring colors...or Camo)"
"You can see what the TV show is about here:"
"6) examine"
"Another blog - I know! No blogging for months and then two in one week. It's amazing how much more beady stuff you can get done when you have a week off work!"
"I fell in love with this house the moment I walked into it. I know it's hard to see past all the mess, but I have a vision beyond the ugly. Someday, my family and I won't be living in a construction site. In the meantime, we'll be pinching pennies and dreaming of better days when we can kick our feet up and enjoy our dream home."
"I set up JC’s log-in information on the laptop on the left side so that I could transfer some files from JC’s laptop but when I tried the same thing on the laptop on the right side, I had forgotten JC’s password, and so I had to guess the password again; which only took me a few seconds, and then I got that laptop setup successfully as well."
"A: No. But being a perennial student of fashion and working with a set of instructions over 50 years old is nothing short of, like WOW, so totally awesome! For me, vintage patterns offer up an experience about as close to to time travel as I'm ever going to get. These are the images I grew up with . . . sewing patterns from the 1950s-60s. Moms and grandmas back then more often than not owned a sewing machine they actually put some wear and tear on. These patterns were inspiration points for me; the models in the illustrations looking like something you’d find on an episode of Mad Men. I never forgot those nipped in waistlines and yards of skirt, collecting an array of 50s chic as well as patterns through the years. Here are a few things I learned along the way working with vintage patterns:"
"That's right, just like the death of the sinister puppet Mr Flibble in the BBC programme Red Dwarf the madness is indeed over. That's not saying that the last few weeks have been anything like being chased round a spaceship by an insane hologram with his sinister homicidal puppet. But the surge of relief once the several hundred casks of Red Rye Riwaka were taken away was almost similar to that felt by the characters of Lister and co in those penultimate moments of the quarantine episode of Red Dwarf.."
"Firstly I gained detail of what the proposed 10% rule actually consisted of. In order to prevent teams using off-throttle engine maps to continue to drive airflow over the diffuser for aerodynamic benefit, the FIA proposed a pair of changes to what’s allowed when the driver comes off the throttle pedal. Firstly the well known 10% limit on the throttle opening, but secondly a ban on injecting fuel into the engine when off the throttle. The intention of this pair of changes was to ban both hot and cold blown engine maps."
"Bathed in deep blues and purples"
"I don’t mean that last comment as a joke, by the way. If mythology can be defined as the set of stories that people in a given society use to make sense of the universe and themselves, contemporary beliefs about the future of technology in the cultural mainstream of the industrial world fill that role, doubled, tripled, and in spades. Those of my readers who have come to take the challenge of peak oil seriously, and tried to discuss it with family members, coworkers, and friends who haven’t yet grappled with the issues themselves, can testify just how forcefully most of these latter cling to the belief that some technological gimmick or other will bail us out."
"Sheldon/Jake: Sheldon is treating suicidal jail inmate Elise (played by Enid Graham) who, in addition to asphyxiating her own two children, is pregnant. It’s a sticky situation as Jake was her fertility doctor that helped get her pregnant all three times. Elise’s husband Kurt (played by Maury Sterlin) is livid that Sheldon is involved, afraid he’ll help her to go free. Kurt threatens to sue if that happens. Elise opens up to Sheldon about her frantic beliefs that she was a bad mother and her children were in pain, so she left them in their car seats in the garage, with the car engine running. Sheldon believe that she had severe post-partum psychosis and wants to help her. Elise picks that moment to have an eclamptic seizure and has to be taken to the hospital where Addison induces labor. Elise gives birth, Jake reminds Kurt that the baby needs a fresh start, so Kurt allows her to hold the baby. The whole story is Andrea Yates, 10 years later. Although it was dramatically told, it really felt like a bit of filler, as I had no desire to give the mother or the father much thought… However…. It does lead to Addison and Jake sharing a kiss (more later) and to Sheldon leaving town to go see his ex-wife. Presumably we’ll learn why Sheldon had to see her next week."
"Woman should contrive to look so wise, so that her \"random\" stupidity was a real gift for men."
"- Make sure that you sign up, and have it posted by 00:00 on the 12th December"
"Coutu was also the kicker for an SEC Championship team in 2005, and had the stronger leg of the two. He hit a big game-winner at Vanderbilt in 2007 that catapulted the 07′ team into winning the remainder of their games en route to throttling Hawaii in the Sugar Bowl. Coutu also missed the majority of the 2006 season with an injury, a season that saw Georgia lose a number of close games. His career statistics would have been even more impressive if he had played the full season, and his injury showed how important Coutu was to the team (Georgia lost four games, three by 7 points or less)."
"This is not an easy record. No one said it would be."
"Not so surprisingly management at this firm was far out of touch with what the rank and file thought of the firm. In fact, when the findings were presented to the upper management the results were roundly dismissed. Reason being, we did not understand the company “culture” which had allowed this great firm to be successful. It was truly a case of the inmates running the insane asylum. This firms upper management still believes there is nothing wrong with the way the firm operates even though a majority of those who come into the firm have no intention of remaining any longer than they need to. A firm which survives on its past glory and thin veneer of respectability. The most despicable part of this firms culture was that it enforced a caste system which literally saw anyone below upper management as less worthy and deserving of their lower place in the food chain. For all the posturing about caring for the employee, at the end of the day the employees were the last thing on this firms agenda."
"Now I don't know about you guys with pets, but my experience with vets in my short life has been terrible. With my first dog when she was extremely sick at a young, they told us that she was going to die and that there was nothing we could do about it. They never gave us a reason. My dad changed diet from Kibble to regular Human food like grilled chicken, instant recovery after one day. She developed a allergy to the dog food. The second time, she had developed a tumor and had to go to surgery. They completely botched her stitching, it ripped and I really don't want to go into anymore details on that one. She survived, don't worry. Lived to a ripe age of thirteen before my mother killed her (took her out in 110 degree weather, got heat stroke and there was nothing we could do). Regardless with the dog this hurt and not recovering, we had to grit our teeth and ask a \"professional\" for a recommendation, and possibly meds."
"63. Slow, pokey drivers, drives me crazy. Why do you have to look 4 times before crossing the intersection????"
"The Needs of Children with Asperger's Syndrome"
"If the technical aspects of the film are straight out of the top drawer, then the same can also be said for the acting. Burt Lancaster kicked off his career with some finely judged playing as the doomed Swede in The Killers, and Siodmak got him to tap into that same vibe to coax another wonderfully nuanced and sensitive performance from him. Once again he hits all the right notes as the big palooka whose dark romanticism sees him suckered by the machinations of a conniving woman. Every emotional state the script calls on him to display is carried off convincingly, from fear and disenchantment right through to the calm acceptance of his fate at the end – from the dumbfounded look of a guy who’s just had his guts kicked out by the woman he loves to the cloying sense of panic of a man under sentence of death and trapped in an anonymous hospital ward. Yvonne De Carlo didn’t have to go through quite as many stages, yet she’s still excellent alternating between the sassy, sensual broad that forms her public persona and the nervy, desperate woman she becomes in private. When she drops all pretense in the climax and reveals her true character to Steve and the audience there’s a tangible shock to be felt. Dan Duryea was an old hand at taking on the role of the slimy villain, and to that he adds a layer of menace as Slim Dundee. He manages this so well that it’s easy to understand the level of fear and trepidation he provokes in Steve when he contemplates the consequences of crossing him. While these three actors carry the movie, there’s real depth in the supporting cast too. Stephen McNally is solid and sympathetic as the cop whose friendship for Steve leads him to inadvertently push him into crime. In fact, there are lovely little cameos all through the movie: Percy Helton’s chipmunk featured barman, Joan Miller’s garrulous barfly, Griff Barnett’s kindly and lonely father figure."
"Before we get on to the challenge I would like you all to welcome a new addition to the team - Trace Metcalfe of inkypinkycraft as a full time member of the team. You can read all about Trace and the rest of the team on the Meet the DT page."
"I want to appeal to the bar and restaurant owners at Norwegian airports: If you have to sell beers from the Ringnes group, use your imagination and find some more interesting beers. A selection from Brooklyn brewery on tap would be a great beginning."
"When bluebells seemed like fairy gifts"
"The second song starts of in a much slower tempo, which reminds me of Hawa Dramé. But then it gradually gathers speed until, after 4'20, it switches into another rhythm, and a more peacocky dancing ensues. What a delight!"
"Julie spent many years working in a tedious office job and knew that this was not how she should be spending her life. She is highly creative, zany, seriously gifted in the arts (she has extensive experience working with textiles and has painted many murals) and decided that she must spend her life away from the boring office environment and pursue her true calling, that of being an Artist. Having artistic talents in a myriad of areas, Julie’s quandary was what would she create, how would she channel her gift?"
"...I proceeded to felt the piece as usual."
"She has been a good friend to me, supporting my goals as an artist and author from the beginning of my life as an art blogger to today. She is real, funny, soooo talented, and a true pioneer. I am thrilled that she is part of my book because the landscape of the mixed media community would look very different without Linda, her point of view, and her creativity. She seemed to me to be the perfect bookend with which to complete the 31/31 series. Thanks Linda!"
"The things you see when you haven’t got your gun."
"Why Study Reiki with the International House of Reiki?: \"Imagine you’re painting an exquisite artwork edged with an ornate gilt frame. This artwork is a painting of you. It’s not you as you generally see or think of yourself. It is you as you would like to imagine yourself."
"Jeff said when he came to Huntsville, he took his first step and admitted his faults, tonight, he is here at The Impact Zone to address the boys. Nobody knows what he has been through since Victory Road, so he has to do this for himself."
"After some well-deserved Obama bashing with a dash of ‘Republicans do it too’ (even though not nearly at the whole new level previously mentioned) Milbank needs to ask a question and get off the stage:"
"fly up to the sky,"
"I am the LORD that maketh all things; Is. 44:24"
"“What are we waiting for?” he asked."
"Better avatar customization:"
"her- what?"
"The basic premise is a familiar one, various forms having been used over the years in a variety of films. There’s a young woman on vacation who meets a mysterious yet attractive stranger, falls in love, marries and, after a time, discovers that all is not what it initially seemed. The woman in this particular movie is Celia (Joan Bennett), an heiress who’s recently found herself alone in the world and has taken off on a trip to Mexico before returning to the States and settling down to a life of bland respectability. However, Celia is not the usual, run-of-the-mill innocent abroad. Contrary to appearances, there’s a darker, almost perverse, side to her nature that soon becomes apparent. Quite by chance, she witnesses the flare-up of a knife fight between two local men. This isn’t some matter of slighted honour, more a duel of passion; the men are vying for the affections of a woman. Instead of doing the sensible thing and walking away, Celia is rooted to the spot, fascinated by the events before her. The viewer isn’t the only one struck by the hungry, predatory look in Celia’s eyes as she absorbs this primitive ritual – another bystander’s attention is drawn to her. He is Mark Lamphere (Michael Redgrave), an architect of patrician background. To cut to the chase, Celia and Mark fall in love, marry and move back to his out-of-town home in the States. Even before they leave Mexico though, it’s apparent that all isn’t well with Mark; he has a tendency to withdraw from intimacy without explanation. As the couple embark on their new life the skeletons begin to rattle in the family cupboard and, bit by bit, secrets and hints of a dark past start to emerge. Celia’s husband is a deeply troubled man who appears to have a morbid obsession both with historical murders and the rooms in which those crimes took place, while questions linger over the death of his first wife. The true roots of the problem are not immediately obvious but, even so, the new bride slowly comes to suspect that her own life may be in danger."
"There was a fire next door to us on this past Friday afternoon. I was at work and my guys had just left the scene before they knew it was beginning. While they were out and about, my husband received a call from a relative in Florida stating that the house was on fire. Thankfully, no one was hurt!"
"The New Testament hope, on the other hand, looks forward to that great day when mortal flesh should put on immortality (1 Corinthians 15:53-54). Rather than standing naked before God, the apostle Paul looks eagerly to that day when our souls are clothed with their new heavenly bodies (see 2 Corinthians 5:1-5). And our personal hope is the hope of all the material universe, which groans in longing for that day when it will come to share the glorious liberty of the children of God (Romans 8:21)."
"You gotta love free! This was sitting in the mix of a bunch of card board boxes. I spotted it and ask the man if it was for sale. He said I was just going to throw it away, If you want it just take it!!"
"one foot leads"
"Samuels SJ, McCurdy SA, Pocekay D, Hammond SK, Missell L, Schenker MB. Fertility history of currently employed male semiconductor workers. Am J Ind Med 1995; 28: 873-882."
"For this people’s heart has become calloused;"
"Fax: (631) 234-5561"
"We then meet Major General Scobie, who acts as UNIT's liaison with the regular army, when he refers to Liz Shaw as a pretty face, Katie disagrees. We then get a bit of a comic turn from Pertwee where we see him enter a door in the hospital marked \"Doctors only,\" he has a shower and grabs an actual Doctor's foppish garb for himself."
"Over the course of the film, they suffer the same loss of sexuality, but their very non-sitcom marriage cannot survive it (“Once, she gave me a blow job on the Taconic,” Hamm shouts angrily in an uncomfortable dinner-table scene, “Now look at us!”)"
"はち：何読んでるの？"
"And when you are feeling down, just remember to go outside and let Africa save you."
"1. Love God with everything in you."
"What was once deplored by the church is now accepted. A blend of pagan rites , animism and church religion exist today. In an attempt to convert the masses the church, the Catholic church, fixed the celebrated resurrection of Jesus (Easter) around the astrological event that “spring rites” celebrate. (the full moon of the spring equinox). The fixing of Easter allows the unscriptural religious celebration of Lent and ash Wednesday to follow Mardi Gras. Instead of resisting the ways of the pagans, The “church” absorbed many of these festivals in hopes that it would convert the pagans. What we have today is a churchy world and a worldly church!!! In French, Mardi Gras means Fat Tuesday. This is a day to gorge and over indulge oneself before the seasonal religious practice of fasting, abstinence and denial. It is not surprising that the symbol for Mardi Gras is the “Bouef Gras”…… The fatten bull"
"Here we are, Thursday night, ready for a feature and I'm out of energy. Teaching all day, and Open House in the evening, have me wiped out. There's always next week, or maybe Saturday."
"WILL ‘THE BULL’ TAYLOR"
"Paling, so Emily from each love and town,"
"Perhaps some of the people signing this petition have considered these issues. Perhaps some are even prepared to see families homeless and begging on the street. But I doubt it. Like all such calls for punishment, there is rhetoric, without consideration of the effects."
"Because Genesis is real history (as can be confirmed by observational science, incidentally), Jesus dealt quite directly with the gay marriage issue when he explained the doctrine of marriage."
"There are, of course, many individuals who contributed to the long journey of women’s rights, but I have a soft spot for Wollstonecraft. She understood the importance of believing in something even when it seems so far out of reach. While an incredibly difficult thing to do, it is well within our grasp if we make the choice to believe."
"( Just as an aside, cause this has been very helpful in my life; “if someone’s act or words are coming from love, it’s personal, if an act towards you is not based in love, it’s not personal, it’s about them.” Fear is never personal. If it feels personal, then we must have something within ourselves that matches the words or actions and that is a great opportunity to wake up to that. Thank the person and move on lol, so easy to say, so much more difficult to do)"
"Barry Winfield, born on December 21, 1940, built Stoke-based pump engineering firm Barry Winfield & Sons from scratch and headed the firm for about 40 years. He lives in retirement near Uttoxeter, having left his son Andrew to run the family business. He had horses with the late David Nicholson and when “The Duke” retired, he kept his horses with Nicholson’s former assistant, Alan King. Winfield first met the young King at Nottingham racecourse and has established a warm friendship with the trainer over the years. Winfield’s colours of red, with red spots on white sleeves and brown cap are most famously associated with My Way De Solzen, whom he bought and owned in partnership with Jerry Wright, Andrew Longman and Clive Fenton. The gelding landed the 2006 Grade One Ladbrokes World Hurdle and the 2007 Grade One Arkle Challenge Trophy at the Cheltenham Festival, as well as Ascot’s Grade One Long Walk Hurdle in 2005. The useful handicap hurdler Mughas is another that sported Winfield’s colours. He initially owned West End Rocker in partnership with Andrew Longman but after Longman decided he wanted to sell the gelding at Brightwells Cheltenham Sale in April, 2009, Winfield reinvested along with long-time friend Tim Leadbeater, the new partnership paying £100,000 at the auction for West End Rocker. Tim Leadbeater, 67, is a director of JCB and has owned horses for many years, notably in the care of trainer Jim Wilson. Leadbeater and Wilson’s biggest successes came when Taberna Lord landed the Coral Golden Hurdle Final at the 1987 Cheltenham Festival and when Glenbrook D’Or won the 1994 Midlands National. His pink colours with purple checks and black cap have also been successful on the Flat, mainly with trainer Reg Hollinshead. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2011 West End Rocker (BD 6th)"
"easily condenses down to only one Law: do unto others as you would"
"This all sounds fantastic, bud, but I still don’t have that kind of money. At this point in the presentation, this is usually what I get. Did you know many universities allow you to continue paying for your home tuition with no changes while abroad? That basically means if you can scrounge up a plane ticket, the costs aren’t going to change that much. I mean, you got to eat and live somewhere no matter which country you’re in, no?"
"1. This year’s event requires a ticket for entry. There will be no admittance for non ticket holders. The Munster Police Dept. will be out to enforce traffic flow and loitering. If you do not have a ticket, hopefully you can make it next year instead."
"Truth is, this is how it usually happens, and it happens for more reasons than people quitting. A quote from the story:"
"This was a really fun exercise and I will try this method again. These two tops still need wadding, backs, quilting and borders."
"One thing in particular I like about this book is that they don’t just give you the XML dialplan (although the XML is included), but the authors then explain to you how it works. In addition, in many cases they also give you additional related information, such as tweaks you can make to the XML to perform slightly different functions or otherwise modify the behavior, and links to additional resources you made need. So, you are not just viewing XML samples and then left on your own to puzzle out how they work!"
"It was inspired by her grandparents, Lucia and Carlo, and highlights the immigrant experience in America at the turn of the century. If you're a sucker for historical fiction like I am, you'll love this book!"
"When you make your debut things are going to be fraught for an author and yet when a publisher puts their whole genre relaunch on a debut you know that the novel is going to be something spectacular. So when this title from Hodder landed it was a book that I was pretty interested in reading. Firstly because I love a debut and secondly because I really wanted to see what the fuss was about."
"House series finale episode titled, Everyone Dies."
"If that were true then Hyundai sales wouldn’t be burgeoning or would they be the most feared major car company in the U.S. Do you remember when Hyundai’s used to be a joke? Jay Leno said you could double a Hyundai’s value by filling it up with gas. No one’s laughing now as Hyundai’s John Krafcik steered it from joke to contender. It took a risk."
"By The Tame Otter bridge there is a notice that gives the opening times of Hermitage Lock. It advises to ring for use this time of the year, so it was reverse back through the bridge to note the telephone number. There is talk that the dry dock here will soon be back in business, if its true then it will be a great asset to the area."
"My view of the proposal was…different than you may imagine."
"Just kidding, those pictures will be up next. Hope your last week isn't too hectic!"
"Are all Trans Fats bad? No. And this is where things can get a little bit complicated, and why mandatory labeling of foods with trans fats could cause some real problems. Remember when I said that MOST naturally occurring carbon-carbon double bonds in unsaturated fatty acids are cis? Well, most is not all. Small amounts of trans fatty acids are found in the milk and meat (in the fat) from ruminants (cow, goat, sheep, deer)."
"Here, I'll break it down for you."
"To be a mother in Israel in the full gospel sense is the highest reward that can come into the life of a woman. This designation has a deep and significant meaning, one that is far more than marrying and bearing children in this life, great and important as that course is. In fact, in the full and true sense of the word, the blessing of being mothers in Israel shall come in due course to some who, through no fault of their own, are denied the opportunity to marry and to bear children in this life. (Pres. Joseph Fielding Smith, Mothers in Israel, Relief Society Magazine, Dec 1970)"
"But you are not listening any more. You are going to put those pants on, dammit, even though you are still wet from the shower and that isn't going to help tight jeans exactly glide right on. Apparently there is some itch for self-flagellation today, and you'll be damned if you don't scratch it."
"This was a bit hard on Dave, who hadn’t even been asking for money, but he wasn’t the kind of boy to hold grudges. Early in December, he and Jill asked his Dad over for Christmas lunch with Jill’s parents, who had a humble little home in Hackney. But the cussed Yorshireman wasn’t having any of it."
"I’ll be heading to NYC tomorrow to celebrate the union of a good friend and his beautiful and wonderful bride. They are a great couple and I’m very proud of him, especially considering he’s one of those nice guys who had no problem complaining about always seeming to finish last."
"I'm really lucky that my dad found a lovely lady to remarry and she has has accepted the girls as her own grandchildren and they love her to pieces as they do their Grandad. They are always around to help us out and we do manage to have the occasional night out and lay in the next day thanks to them."
"Alison: \"Hi there! I have an opportunity through a city funded program to open up a storefront in the historic district downtown and thought that your style would nicely complement the space! It would be FREE with the exception of utilities which we could split between vendors and we will have access to this space (hopefully we'll be able to extend) through July/August. Let me know if you're interested and we can talk details.\""
"This shows me that the writer could be weak in a number of areas."
"I had a go at it last night sans pea shoots which I couldn't find locally and it worked almost as well but would suggest a couple of tips:"
"Finally a little snippet of the inside of the book. I wish Spark had been home today to take a photo of me opening this all up! If you'd like to work towards earning a Stampin' Up! incentive trip, why not give me a call or drop me an email to chat about how you could join our team of Jelly Stampers and become a Stampin' Up! demonstrator yourself? You can even get a FREE ticket to our European convention worth £145 if you join during May."
"Blue Moon of Kentucky by Rev. Beat-Man"
"practices allegedly perpetrated under the nose and with the active"
"When to me it could be forever"
"Window Treatments: We made the curtains in the bedroom and used Restoration Hardware curtain rods."
"a teenager, a five year old child, a man or a woman, a boy or a girl"
"I did not like that I was in a rush and had to ignore my sudden craving for a piece of pie and a cup of coffee."
"Just as his initial cut was unkinder than his younger brother’s, so is the firstborn’s response to his father’s grace, which is the unkindest cut of all to this point. He acknowledges neither his father nor his brother (contemptuously called “this son of yours”), and prefaces his complaint with the word “look.” He has not come to his senses; he does not see himself or his father or his situation clearly. He is blinded by his own bitterness at having worked with apparent diligence and faithfulness but not received the advances — one third of the father’s estate, and now the fatted calf — that his brother had received. He cannot see his father’s generosity to him, or what his speech makes plain: that he, just as his younger brother once did, loves his father’s property but not his father."
"In a typical modern birth, the release of natural oxytocin is replaced by an intravenous drip of synthetic oxytocin, while an epidural analgesia is a substitute for the physiological systems of protection against labour pain, particularly the release of endorphins. Until now pharmacological assistance in childbirth has been based on a simplistic principle, which is hormonal replacement. Even if, in the near future, the basic needs of labouring women are universally accepted, and even if non-pharmacological methods for facilitating the physiological processes develop, one cannot imagine the end of pharmacological assistance in childbirth."
"1 tablespoon garlic, minced"
"Watch this space as all becomes clearer…"
"TV vegetable is just a light hearted, alternative or slightly irrelevant look at some of the TV I’ve been consuming over the past week. It probably reviews bits and pieces from a few shows, likely some high quality HBO drama or something similar, and possibly some rubbish. I don’t watch too much TV so don’t expect it to cover everything, and I’ve no wish to be a tv reporter from the living room trenches, so don’t expect it to be too in depth either. Although it might on the odd occasion."
"While any cracker would work for this, the sweet lemony flavor of the Meyer Lemon Cookie Thins with the tart cranberry and creamy brie are an amazingly wonderful combination. These cookie thins also come in a gingerbread flavor, which I'd like to try with the cranberries, too. Wonder if it would be as good? I'll have to find out!"
"I've not listened to it in years. It was quite a shock. I can't remember bugger all of it. Not even the tracks that inspired the poetry I burned on reaching nineteen."
"Now, if you are looking for the winner and top three, you'll have to pop back tomorrow. Because of the blogger probs, I allowed an extra day for entries, so do come by in the morning to see who won what!!"
"I cracked my journal open today for the first time since I left Scotland. I told myself it wouldn’t be the one to just put aside processing things and pick life right back up where I had left it.. but of course, proof that I did just that is my little leather bound book that tells the story of the last year of my life."
"Happy Halloween! Hope all the ghouls and goblins have fun today collecting their goodies! CANDY CANDY CANDY! :)"
"It was pretty much smooth sailing from there – the house passed inspection with the inspector telling Mike that we have a solid house on our hands. Unexpectedly, the former owners asked to move closing up one day. This worked out in our favor because all of a sudden, we didn’t have everything needed to close on the house that day – the estimator hadn’t turned in the report correctly. Things were tense for two days since the bank that agreed to the Short Sale stated that we must close before a specific day otherwise we had to resubmit the offer…. which snowballs into waiting for the bank to respond again, requalifying for the mortgage, etc. Fortunately, we managed to close the next day – June 22, 2011."
"*because it's still all about me*"
"Due to the liberty kansas genealogy, the liberty kansas genealogy a conference championship and a future ahead of them that has given home to more than 90 barbecue restaurants in the liberty kansas genealogy. There isn't anything particularly attractive or unattractive about the liberty kansas genealogy and its culture. Check out the liberty kansas genealogy and the Haskell Indian Nations University. The sky blue, which are the liberty kansas genealogy of these professional are nationally ranked. Housing costs for students are also classified as felonies in Kansas. Even so, there are big cash prizes."
"Dear peoples who read this blog,"
"Whilst perusing Twitter today ( you can find me at @Rummage Living, by the way!), I came across a tweet by Design Sponge:"
"A chemical relaxer actually breaks down your hair. I know it may seem that your hair is benefiting from a chemical treatments but it is really slowly destroying it…permanently. After many years of using chemical treatments people now start to wear hair pieces or wigs."
"Actually, I won't be having a funeral because I don't do church. Rather, Martha wants to hold a tasteful memorial service, so I've scribbled out a tentative plan for her."
"How to Spot One in a Crowd: He’s a man of great girth who thinks himself smarter than he is. He will often try to preach to and/or smash you."
"Dear representative,"
"Sergeant Miles rolled his eyes as the young Property Manager, Estate Agent, Development Company bum-boy, or whatever you want to call the parasites puked on the factory floor. Evidently it wasn’t the first time. Spatters of it ran across the concrete, some of it had been skidded in."
"for you are with me;"
"Im gradually getting back into the old routine, having been back at work this week. Im still operating on Jordanian time though and getting up 2 hours too early! Having said that, Im quite liking it as I can get on with things before the rest of the house gets up and gets going. I have just made (and eaten!) a traditional Jordanian breakfast of falafel, olives, zatar and oil, and boiled chickpeas with garlic and spices and of course lashings of yummy bread. This means no more cooking or any kind of lunching nonsense until our main evening meal. Im sure this is quite healthy and of course labour saving as I only have 2 meals to worry about! We just have some fruit and yoghurt if we get a bit hungry between times."
"White asparagus is actually the same species as green, but it's usually kept covered under soil or mulch so that it won't be exposed to the sun, thereby maintaining it's white color. Blah blah blah, chlorophyll borophyll... While doing my research, I did read that the white asparagus is supposed to be more woody than the green and so you are supposed to peel the very outside before preparing it. When I made this recipe, I used it peeled and unpeeled, just because I was curious if it really made a difference, and I didn't notice anything different in the texture. I think that if you let it sit around for a long period of time, then it would start to become woody and tough, much like the green stuff, but if you use it right away it's just fine."
"My son does not like the idea of going to bed at 7:00, when it's still light out, before his younger brother, and when he knows the rest of us are snuggled on the couch watching American Idol or playing Sorry or some neverending card game."
"Finally, sharing a link scooped via Doggerel: The Lifetime Costs of a Pet, broken down by type of pet, from fish to feathered and furred species. Mint.com says the total lifetime cost for a single dog is over $25K! How do they break it down? You can take a look for yourself and see if you agree…"
"Love was farce and loneliness was truth,"
"Into glistening moments now,"
"Well, no, maybe not. But for me the course was life-changing. I invested £140 and two and a half hours every Monday evening for ten weeks, then another £140 for the follow up course of another ten Mondays. I ended up with three agents wanting to represent me and a two book publishing deal."
"Illustrated picture books are an essential part of growing up. Before words have any significance in a child’s life pictures are everywhere and everything. From ‘reading’ their mom’s face minutes after birth to curling up on the sofa bed with dad to read a favorite book, pictures and images are an essential form of communication and central to children’s understanding of their world."
"your friend, and your neighbor."
"I want to show you my Back to School decor. I don't usually get too excited about these kinds of things. The times are few and far between when I feel like I have AND know how to coordinate an ensemble of things to display for a given season. You are the supreme expert in this area, and so I learn a lot from you."
"I actually started off this morning with a self-professed brilliant idea, only to have my initial jolt of inspiration be short lived as soon as Mila Kunis mischievously began making eye contact with me from the cover of my roommate's GQ magazine. Just seconds earlier I had been blogging my little fingers away at a speed that would give Mavis Beacon a run for her money, but one distracting glimpse from Mila with her fashionably casual bedroom attire and delicious looking latte and my entire motivation was shot. God she's hot. Eff you Mila, it's not July anymore, you're old news. (Just kidding Mila you're never old news. I like your hair, so shiny...do you ever come to Billings? I love you...what?)"
"I know John is anxiously awaiting to find out what I threw away from his bathroom. So, here it goes. NOTHING. I didn't throw away a single thing."
"for their illusory protection"
"Natural Hue Bronzer (Brown Bronze)"
"Saint Louis Brewery / Schlafly Tap Room Schlafly Dry-Hopped American Pale Ale"
"The animation is faithful to Natsume Ono’s unique and original artwork and that’s a very good thing seeing as it makes for a visually interesting anime series. Although it’s not available on Blu-ray, the series still manages to shine on DVD either way."
"From Livestrong.com:"
"- I do not know what to say mate. I am sorry you got treated that way."
"“Well,” says Bard, “methinks I had better not fight with Skeggi.”"
"For the families of the seven, we cannot bear, as you do, the full impact of this tragedy. But we feel the loss, and we’re thinking about you so very much. Your loved ones were daring and brave, and they had that special grace, that special spirit that says, “give me a challenge and I’ll meet it with joy.” They had a hunger to explore the universe and discover its truths. They wished to serve, and they did. They served all of us."
"Björk wasn't having that and along with the other Sugarcubes she showed that it was \"okay to mingle with the aliens\"."
"\"I am the author of Number of Books, most recently TITLE (Publisher: year published). I've included a list of my books at the bottom of this email\" and then include the list below your signature and above the first 3-5 pages of the manuscript you include in the query."
"After some moments of fiddling around inside ink black cupboard trying to locate the one switch out of about 120, to get the electricity on again, and having GOT the electriciy on, and having seen that not ALL the work had been deleted in the process, Middle Son said to Husband,"
"High fives all around…"
"The harmony of no regrets,"
"I’m so happy!"
"1 1/2 tbsp canola or vegetable oil"
"Silenced is coming along well. (For those of you who are new and don't know what Silenced is... it's my WIP.) The editing is taking a turn I didn't expect. As I'm reading through, I'm finding places where new idea's come about and I just have to add them in. It seems it went from an editing phase back to a rewrite."
"The mother snapped at me."
"urbancrafts.com: Photographing Your Embroidery - a selection of tips and pointers specifically targeted towards embroidery, but also applicable to any small(ish)-scale, close-up photography. Favourite tip? Natural light. I’ve been taking my FOs outside into the garden, and have definitely been noticing improvements in the look of my pictures."
"Place a skillet over medium heat; add the olive oil and when hot add the leeks and onions. Sauté for 5 minutes until soften. Sprinkle with dill, salt and pepper, remove from skillet and add to the bowl with the spinach."
"Where are Jim, Tim, and Franklin now?"
"Remember RUSH HOUR, when Chris Tucker was all like, \"Never touch a Black man's radio!\"? Well, it's the same with a Black female's hair. You don't touch it unless she tells you it's okay. Black females go through a lot for their hair. There are even some styles so elaborate, that the wearers sleep in chairs to keep them perfect. It doesn't matter who you are: her boyfriend, her step-mother, her \"loved like a play-cousin\" friend, you just don't touch a Black woman's hair. I, personally, am totally not picky about it, but I'm just trying to help you all keep your hands."
"Tonight, my captors came over to keep me company. Given that I am essentially an inanimate object, it's not like they need to worry about me running away. I've noticed a lot of people have been trying to get to the bottom of my kidnapping, but I should tell you that I really do think this is all just part of a big misunderstanding."
"\"Treat others as you would wish to be treated.\""
"hello, scrappy friends!"
"So every essence of us, isn’t that the real world also?"
"Enhanced Catalogue Listing"
"I love, love, love you."
"The study…."
"GB, the Glad Game is the best thing you've taught me, and I cannot be more grateful. Thank you."
"In order for us to receive love and kindness, we must give love and kindness. The more love and kindness we give to others the lighter our energy becomes and the more we become like the branches at the top of the tree. The more love and kindness we give, the more love and kindness we can receive in return. As we go through our day, our week, or our lives, we should spread love and kindness through our words, our gestures, our hugs, etc. etc. When our intent is with love and kindness we raise the vibration of the world. It affects us, those around us, all living creatures, plants and our earth. The entire world will begin to smile. If each day, you do kind things for others, write it down and place it in your coffee cup, by the end of the day, your cup should be full. If everyone in the world did this, what a wonderful world it would be. It begins with one person."
"So once again I'm here, trying to start over. Honestly I don't feel too weird about doing this again. I'm just debating now how I continue on. What do I post? Should I focus on one area of my life? How much information do I share?"
"A: Two. One to change it and another to ask the people to embrace ‘change.’"
"Whether you are a buyer analyzing newspaper or magazine data or a seller marketing information, find the right tools for any analysis in ABC’s latest e-Data catalog."
"I need therapy. Seriously. I love to shop at King Arthur online. This store is my toy store. I have been slowly accumulating their products, and have been experimenting with them. I discovered that the Vital Wheat Gluten really helped my Pioneer Woman Buttered Rosemary Rolls to rise beautifully. The three products that you see pictured above, were going on a maiden voyage for this recipe I'm about to show you. I've used Fleishmann's Rapid Rise Yeast for ages. I decided to buy a bag of SAF Instant yeast, since bread bakers rave about it. Enough product talk... let's talk about yeast. The SAF Instant yeast is supposed to not need any kind of \"proofing\". That translates, simply, into dissolving the yeast with some sort of sugar-- honey or sugar, for example and waiting for it to \"foam\". I think people are afraid of killing the yeast. One more important thing-- I store my yeast in the refrigerator (some people use the freezer) and check the expiration date! Yeast should be live!"
"The name sounds frightening yet your music is so lovely: discuss!"
"My big confession for the day is I was not part of any of the May Day demonstrations, nor did I show much solidarity with the movement. While many other Occupiers went on strike, I went to my job–which is to try and find full time work. While I solidly a member of the 99%, I am also a part of the 8.9% of that 99%–the percentage of Americans nationwide who are unemployed. I’ve been underemployed for almost three years, been on unemployment for more than a year and am still looking for a paying full-time job–which is a full-time job in itself. This is a struggle that while I know I’m not alone in, I am still isolated by it. I’m tired of having to answer the question “why are you having trouble finding work when you have two degrees?” with the phrase “I don’t know.” Part of me wants to tell them to ask the over 1,000 companies that decided to go with someone that was a closer fit for them, because I haven’t got a clue. It’s hard enough to continually answer “why do you want to work here” without feeling desperate. While I know I have friends and a community to help me out, I know I am in this by myself for the most part."
"Lime Crime have made a big song and dance over their lipsticks being opaque in one stroke (though i cant find it in the description on the website anymore, it's mentioned lots on her blog and in videos she's done and things) so here is Airbourne Unicorn in one stroke:"
"8) Mesrine I & II"
"2. Add the vegetables to the mixture. Toss until dressing is well incorporated. Season with salt and pepper."
"There’s no question that fan mail is fantastic. I’ve been touched and humbled by letters and emails from readers, amazed at their generous response to my novel, and moved by the details they’ve shared about their lives. These letters remind me how intimate the act of reading is. I’m not just talking about those readers who’ve taken my book into bed with them, or read it in the bath (two of my favorite places); the intimacy I’m referring to is closer than that. The act of reading allows the writer’s imagination to infiltrate her reader’s mind, where the story is reconstituted and absorbed according to that reader’s experience and understanding. A good story gets under the reader’s skin."
"I'm trying to slow down this year and focus on one room at a time, starting with my living room. I've been making a lot of tweaks to it lately, but I can't seem to get it right (it doesn't help that I hate our couch and Adam has vetoed replacing it for now). Thank goodness for Pinterest. I looked back at the inspiration for my colour palatte and compared it to my room. The rug needed to go."
"As I started on the apples and stumbled upon an epiphany. I seriously need an automatic slicer. Not only did I nearly slice more than just the apples, it took quite some time to turn each already small apple wedge into four thin slices. And wasted time is not my friend when I’m baking late at night."
"We finished yesterday afternoon and I feel soooo chilled right now, it's awesome. After all the planning and prepping and lugging boxes of stuff up and down flights of stairs I'm so happy with how it turned out. I'm even happier about the fact we didn't have one argument throughout the process - winning all around, I feel. Tiger blood etc etc."
"Anyways, the weekday lunches might be monotonous, but Belgrade itself is city that really knows how to relax in style. The prices are so low in comparison to the rest of Europe that it seems silly not to enjoy the vibrant club scene, enjoy the view from a water-front restaurant, or stay up all night dancing on the tabletops of a local kafana with live folk music."
"So it becomes clearer – at least it does to me – that accepting the Old Testament’s view of God is increasingly untenable. If the God we worship is truly love, is truly merciful and gracious and just, then he cannot be the God of the Old Testament, who orders the execution of infants and rains fire and brimstone on whole cities while turning the repressed of those cities into salt when they mourn the loss of what little lives they knew."
"Ornoy A, Dudai M, Sadovsky E. Placental and fetal pathology in infectious mononucleosis. Diagn Gynecol Obstet 1982; 4: 11-16."
"To qualify, your entry can be any paper craft project with some type of ribbon or twine. Our design team has come up with a wonderful variety of examples to give you a few ideas on incorporating fibers into your projects."
"When I asked Andrea Roberts what suggestions she had for saving Peter, her words cut me to the heart..."
"Interestingly enough, due to the growing success and popularity of flasher rigs in Victoria, anglers are now adding ‘flasher’ racks to either side of their boats. Rods should be placed in a rod holder, preferably horizontal to the water and the jobs done. The Mustad Demon Terakihi Flasher Rig uses circle hooks therefore you must resist the urge to strike at bites. Generally speaking, you won’t even have time to set the hooks as the rod will already be loaded up. Nine times out of 10 the fish will hook themselves and they will be hooked in the corner of the mouth. Once a rod is fully loaded it’s time to fight the fish back to the boat. The other rigs in the Mustad Flasher series use traditional hooks such as Penetrators and Big Reds which anglers can strike fish with if they are noticing finicky bites."
"“I refused to enter the temple where granny had taken me and that brought hell right on earth at the doorstep of the temple. He laughed. “I was lectured on how I would burn in hell for offending Him. Ah, well , who cares.All that fasting had made her irritable and in my opinion she needed food than God at that time. The best thing to do was listen and text to bro for a fake call which came promptly to my rescue.” lol It was my turn to laugh."
"The bus station and the great pale buses stopping for"
"Then came the time to be real flexible, they ended up staying at a nice…well, …ahem…a resort run by a Canadian! What a shame! An anonymous donor heard the doctors and nurses were arriving to help out at the medical clinic and paid for the expense of the hotel. Dr. Alan did have to pay for his own M.R.E.s (That is what I call My Real Eatery) and did not have to eat the military M.R.E.s (Meals Ready to Eat). He admitted it was a nice surprise and did not mind paying for the food. What a reward for being willing to suffer in the heat and uncomfortable sleeping conditions!"
"3. To acknowledge God’s place in every part of our life is the first step toward successful living"
"04-22 San Antonio, TX – White Rabbit"
"Barrionuevo begins by recalling — correctly — that two years ago, Cristina’s re-election prospects looked dicey, the outlook dimmed by conflict with the powerful agricultural sector, increasing inflation, and a number of scandals. (Not mentioned is a temporary slowdown in economic growth.) But in the past two years — and especially since Néstor died — Cristina has experienced an exceptional turnaround, winning reelection by an historic margin. Barrionuevo attributes this revival largely to this year’s economic growth of 8%, so strong that it led voters to overlook “troubling signs” like high inflation and a heavy-handed approach to critics. So far, no real complaints."
"3) I am an empath; I can read people’s thoughts and emotions."
"I am aware that not all warming effects are man made. I am aware that the planet is naturally cyclic and has patterns of warming/cooling that take eons to complete. I am aware that some folks don't think global warming is a matter for humor and won't appreciate my idea. Oh, well. The thing is, my idea is simple, safe, and based on sound scientific principle. There is no reason it could not work...and probably make a lot fewer people unhappy than if we banned beef or automobiles or industry or electricity...but I bet any one of those latter things will happen before anyone ever thinks to simply, literally, lighten up."
"I repeated the seasoning process again and plan to do it once more before I use the pan for baking (especially if I can get my hands on some lard). After that, it's just hot water and a soft rag for this pan to preserve the seasoning. I'm hoping that's the end of the rust, but it if comes back, I'll have to repeat the whole scrubbing-seasoning process again! This slightly-gray pan should turn a classic cast-iron black with increased usage - guess I'd better get started on my Easter baking!"
"Isa 61:1: The Spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that arebound;"
"The Standard Kit includes: (You can customize your kit with the stamp sets and colors you want!)"
"“Want to find the most dangerous place in the universe? Easy. Harm a hair on Amy’s head and just wait. But as the last of the Time Lords and the Lone Centurion blaze across galaxies to save the woman in both their lives, history is unfolding. In her cell, in Stormcage, River Song knows the time has come at last. She has a secret and this is the day she tells it. The battle of Demons Run has begun and the Doctor’s darkest hour is now.”"
"“Sure I have; I told you years ago.”"
"Always, always, always send a thank you letter after meeting with an employer for an interview of any kind. Most job seekers do not do this, and better yet it will set you apart. Handwritten is most impressive but, let’s be honest, if you don’t have the best handwriting an e-mail may work. Try to hand write whenever possible, and send one to every person who participated in the interview process."
"What can Cheyenne do to help?"
"Sebastian Hardie were different – the passion and power were certainly there, but the flavour was more European, with less of that Celtic/Delta skin and bones to it. Their sound seemed to mirror the hugely popular UK and Dutch rock bands such as Holland’s Focus and the UK’s Barclay James Harvest."
"as i've grown older"
"Robbery 12.0 31.2"
"Monday was a pretty good day at work. We worked a little late and then hit up another favorite spot in Charleston, Blossom, with a friend and co-worker Jenn. We all ended up getting fish (all were fantastic) and shared several desserts. The apple pie was by far our favorite, but the Crème Brûlée was quite good too. The third dessert was a Red Velvet bread budding. It was a little odd, but still rather interesting."
"I just shake my head -"
"5. Back to the Future’s DeLorean time machine is actually a licensed, registered vehicle in the state of California. While the vanity license plate used in the film says “OUTATIME,” the DeLorean’s actual license plate reads 3CZV657."
"And it is damned impressive both before and after it does."
"Of course, pretty much anyone whose ever been in Sunday school has heard this story, but that doesn’t make it any less profound — Sometimes I’m amazed at just how clearly God paints the picture of His son in the Old Testament:"
"Suarez (24), (28), (82)"
"10. Could all this just be an accident?"
"The tale is that the Ursuline nuns in New Orleans prayed to the Virgin to deliver us a victory over the British during their invasion of New Orleans during the War of 1812. In their prayers they offered to put up statues of her if we were able to keep the British out. After the ragtag and vastly outnumbered army led by Andrew Jackson defeated the British, statues of the Blessed Mother were erected all over French Louisiana."
"I’m committed to the project of the organisation, I want all our students to have a host family before they arrive, I want the students and the families to experience a fruitful year full of learnings. I am therefore very tempted to work extensively extra hours. Yet I find out that if I work too many extrahours, in addition to my commuting time, I become quickly very tired, then in a bad mood, and not as effective and not that positive."
"“Eighteen years later, I’m rehearsing the role of Father Jack in Quotidian Theatre Company’s production of Friel’s Dancing at Lughnasa…”"
"Box office sales are the mark of popularity. They measure how many have flocked to the theatres and are willing to pay to see a movie. Low ticket sales of course is related to how widely released the movie is, but it also gauges popular taste. There’s the rub, would the Academy members vote for a movie that has been seen by just a fraction of the viewing public? Would they judge a movie only on its artistic and technical merits rather than the sales it generates?"
"Look to your house Hollywood! Look to your house!"
"Thank you for sending The List by Joe Konrath. It has a lot going for it--especially certain moments of humor--but in the end it seemed too much like the novelization of a movie than a genuine novel. The characters are types, and the echoes of such movies as Lethal Weapon became distracting. if this really were a movie tie-in, I could see pursuing it, but as it is, I'm going to pass. I'm sure you'll find the right home for it, though. - Pocket Books"
"repose of lives of those"
"“Hear what:”"
"Feeling emotionally tired as I think of ending the school year ... I will definitely miss my students. Two and half months back home seems like a long time to be away from them, but then I know that the time will fly by and I'll be missing \"home\" life once again. Leaving is bittersweet. I can't wait to get back to the things that are familiar, but will miss all the things that I've worked so hard at that have become familiar here. Trying to be rooted and built up in God, established in the faith that He is working all things according to His purpose and for His glory. When my affections are bound up in Him, then no matter where I go or what I am doing, as long as it is with Him, I will have all my joy and happiness. So then the goal must be, to \"live to the hilt every situation I believe to be the will of God\" (Jim Elliot)."
"Deutsche Bank’s surprising response led some netizens to speculate if Angelo Marc Jandugan may have published erroneous and misleading information about his occupation to show off to to the public."
"Verse 12: Don’t let anyone look down on you because you are young, but set an example for the believers in speech, in life, in love, in faith and in purity."
"For years, in the back of my mind, I’ve been noodling about this positive thinking problem that Ehrenreich’s analysis leaves still unsolved—about how it shouldn’t work but research says that it does. Sometimes the problem comes to the front of my mind, as when my massage therapist is working on my shoulders of steel, telling me that I should be open and positive and believe that (for example) I don’t have to worry about money because I can have as much of it as I want if I just believe that I can, and keep affirming it. If only as a practical matter, I realize in such moments that it would be to my advantage if I could figure this thing out, because I’m paying her to work the knots out of my stiff neck, which is getting stiffer by the minute as I resist her line of thinking."
"Tulalip Resort and Casino"
"Anyway, back to the point. My job is also changing radically also but I'm not going to go into that as I don't like to discuss my work. Not that my job is very mysterious, I just keep it at work and try not bring it home with me. These changes have also stopped me visiting other peoples blogs as much as I would like."
"Massaman Beef Curry with Rice"
"by mere circumstance"
"Flow, just flow"
"A stamp from France, showing a self-portrait of Albrecht Durer. This is the Self-portrait with a thistle, in the Louvre. (Durer painted several others.) This is part of my collection from the early days, when my roomate C. was receiving letters and packages from her mother in France."
"Tripel Karmeliet: Aside from macaroni & cheese, hot dogs, cereal, and pancakes, bologna was the only thing I'd eat until I was about six years old. I was nuts for bologna. And while that love affair endured, it didn't have frills; I wanted only a few slices of Oscar Mayer bologna with dill pickle chips on white bread smothered in plain yellow mustard. Had my five-year-old self had his way, he'd have eaten this simple bologna sandwich for breakfast, lunch, and dinner."
"Last December, the International Court of Justice, ICJ, ruled that Greece had breached an interim deal brokered by the UN in 1995 when it blocked Macedonia’s attempt to join NATO."
"Collection period: 2005"
"How did you find the writing process?"
"On Thursday we all headed down to St Augustine to our huge ocean front beach house that sleeps 20 people. We were responsible for 15 teenagers that weekend who were all really excited. Thanks to my mom and dad for keeping the boys for us. I know it was hard because Trevor wasn't feeling 100%, but mom and dad survived and we are very thankful for them to be so willing to keep them."
"Janet Now, why would you bother? I mean you may or may not have entered the contest."
"Hi everyone! Most of you all know my love for print magazines. Nothing beats a relaxing afternoon browsing through a craft magazine -oh wait, do I actually have relaxing afternoons? Not really, so it's more like browsing on the couch after 9pm when the kiddos are asleep. Well, I am lucky enough to have several designs in the current Paper Creations Magazine Spring issue!"
"Governor's Road, looking east from east of Creighton, due to be widened by another lane of traffic..."
"We were born to make manifest the glory of God within us."
"When I read Nick Cross' blog about being stuck in Teenage Town despite being a full-blown adult, I had to smile. I have spent the last few days in the house I grew up in. You know, with Christmas and all that, my husband and I spent nearly two weeks in my childhood home in Germany, back with my parents and my younger brother. Being amongst my childhood stuff toys and playing video games with my brother (Dance Central on Xbox 360 + Kinect, if you care about such things), I could swear I turned into a teen again! The clock probably started rewinding in England already, when it snowed several inches a week or two before Christmas. I looked out of the door, and saw this white carpet that lay before me. I was still in what I would call my 'lounge wear' - old tracksuit bottoms & old sweater - and slowly made my way out into the fresh snow. I suddenly had the urge to feel the white powder beneath my sneakers with my bare feet. I looked toward my left and then, my right. No one there. So I did it! If you want to know how it felt like... it really was like stepping on ice-cold powder. Like you've put a bottle of baby powder into the freezer over night, spread it onto the floor, and stepped onto it. That's how it was. I told my husband what I did, and he started wondering about my mental age. Around that time, I was also mistaken by a lady (who was probably not more than ten years older than me) for a girl who goes to school with her son. Yes, school!!! Then, the bus driver suddenly started offering me a 'student ticket'..."
"“The fox is a clever and oppotunistic predator , and carcasses of penguins and other small marsupials can be seen around their dens and scattered through the dunes."
"Murphy Brewery Ireland Limited Murphy's Irish Stout"
"Lady Liberty never wavers in her quest."
"Usually I use my fingers to apply foundation but with this I like the way it looks when I use a MAC 187. It buffs it on nicely and I think that kind of application suits the lightness of the foundation."
"Ahhhhh spring :0)"
"Having active vision is definitely what I’m advocating in this post. It is never wise to be a shallow person(passive vision) because you tend to take things as they are without questioning the motives and rationale behind doing them(things)."
"Tag your face just to rub it in"
"*~* Buy 1 for $3 or 2 for $5! *~*"
"But even in RII, Shakespeare is setting the stage for one of his greatest characters ever: Prince Hal, the future Henry V. For in Act V, scene iii of RII, (now-)King Henry asks:"
"NOTE: From cold sin to warm life"
"So what I did was write up entries to go into their files, stating what went wrong and what they should have done differently and saying \"Don't do that again.\" I wrote four of them and handed out the first two this evening. Tangina took hers and read it and signed it saying \"Okay. Whatever.\" That was about how I expected her to react. I figured she was going to be the easiest of the group."
"Hopefully everyone will understand. I don’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings or miss some exciting news. I enjoy supporting my blogger buddies and sharing in your joys and accomplishments. So I hope the Ninja Army doesn’t desert me."
"You know, I ought to see if some other families with which I have had association would consider such a meal. Oh, not too soon. And probably not fried chicken this time. I have either made dinner for this family or eaten with them after doing so several times now. I've gotten some practice. The chili was just chili, the chicken was okay, but I think the corned beef was the best. I'll have to think about some other meals. It's just food, in the end, all of it. But a hot meal, shared or even just delivered, is a very nice thing. I would know. It would be nice to do that once a month, or every other month, something like that. When my mom visits I may try to learn how she does homemade egg noodles. The noodles are often thicker, almost on the order of dumplings, but yet definitely not, definitely noodles. They just bring that to mind. My mother has made beef and chicken type soups, or more like stews. Though almost any meat would probably do. That I would have to practice though. Still, a good solid beef chuck roast, goose, or even a couple of roasted chickens wouldn't be too bad, with fixings. The great thing about roasting is you can add the veggies right in. Mashed potatoes wouldn't be bad either, I found that I could peel and dice five pounds of potatoes in no time. Baking potatoes while roasting a meat doesn't always work very well. Just some thoughts."
"Scott's father, Robb Swimm, said that he saw the crash and that Scott was skiing slowly and in control."
"No one should have to move from the place they were born or choose to live because they have no rights to exist as they choose in that state. No state government because of their desperation for money should be able to see my credit card purchases or charge me if I CHOOSE to cross a state border to save money on any legal product that is cheaper in another state."
"- All files should be labeled with your name and title of work."
"Lycos dropped the term “tattoos” from it’s Poll because the term was so popular. According to Lycos, tattoos rarely drops out of the top ten search terms requested on the Internet and Lycos dropped the term because they wanted to make room for other searches."
"So here I am with the first day of Year 3 in this whole thing. I'm right around 155, still fitting into my size 6 clothes (which is awesome because it's really expensive to keep buying new clothes). I admit my habits haven't been as stellar as usual in the past 2 weeks, but that doesn't stop me from getting right back on track today. I have another 5K scheduled for March 25th and it's helping me keep in focus. I still have a goal around 145 in mind, which is 10 pounds away. It seems SO far, even compared to when I was 200 pounds and looking at my 150 goal as INSANE! But I did it. And I can do it again. Even if it takes all of Year 3, I know I'll get there at some point. And stay there! I just have to keep reminding myself of where I started."
"Years have passed, time we spent"
"Cosmed was running a discount on DHC’s Eyelash Tonic, which I’m a huge fan of, so I stocked up! I also picked up the new Mentholatum Acnes Medicated BB Cream as I’m a big fan of their creamy white facial foam. The Vitacreme B12 is a backup of the one I bought from Japan earlier this year. I found it at a much cheaper price in Hong Kong so I really couldn’t resist. =)"
"I'm still working on narrowing down my top 10 layouts but I do have my top 5 cards to share!"
"Acts 17:25"
"\"We do fairly well for 62% of our students.\""
"#26 Tania Ridgwell"
"SOMETIMES A FRIEND JUST FITS."
"“Oh I am so sorry, I just bought this phone and have never called you before. It must have…”"
"\"Crisis situation\" is \"crisis\""
"These are the hands that will work alongside yours, as together you"
"You see, we have simply glossed over the context of 1 Timothy 6:10. We can easily quote the first part of that passage, yet, couldn’t begin to recite the second half."
"I think it's about boredom."
"John 1:14"
"It's always fun to wander around exhibits like this because they usually offer fun little toys. This exhibition was no exception, except the quality of the toys and gadgets was much higher. But, they do have money to spend."
"Arguments against the validity of alien abduction hinge a lot on the nature of these sorts of hallucinations, sleep paralysis, and vivid dreaming, but neither the skeptic nor the believer sees the whole picture the way it's perceived by actual abductees or string theory physicists, or those of us who have truly hallucinated or understood the full terrifying breadth of Jung's collective unconsciousness. The truth is this: both arguments--mere mirage/illusion and 'more real' than reality-- are terrifyingly correct. Dreams are as real as anything else in our consciousness, and our five senses are just feelers into the physical realm. We have a whole other feeler, the third eye, which we've been conditioned to belittle, but which also 'hears' and 'feels' and 'sees' in a whole separate way from the external senses, even more vividly."
"Last year, Vesuvius led the vanguard of Belgian strongs that have lately appeared across the state. (An odd style to crash Beervana's hoppy gates, as it happens. Unlike English strongs, Belgian strongs are approachable and sweetish. Widely appreciated, they are nevertheless not the types of beer you typically find in a Portland pub.) I am slightly reluctant to give an honest review, because Vesuvius is a rare and interesting enough beer that everyone should go buy a bottle. Still, it cannot meet the standard set by Duvel, Delirium Tremens, et al."
"50 Triceps Overhead Extension"
"I really wanted to include all the serifs in Antique Ruby, but quickly discovered that wasn't going to happen. You can see from my \"A\" that it didn't come off too well. Overall, I'm pretty happy with how this turned out, considering it's only my 3rd attempt at doing letters freestyle like this. Altho, I'm not so sure this is considered completely freestyle since I was trying to copy the feel of the fonts."
"Getting the online Master's degree is really a personal investment for any advancement and changes that any one is planning for the career being pursued. The many available online degrees has really been a great opportunity offer for those who really want to have the educational achievement without having to put all other responsibilities on hold. It also eliminates the transfer and relocation needs that any normal student may sometimes need to consider. Even transporting and spending all the daytime hours in the campus is not a requirement for an enrolled person in the online degrees available for Master's and even Bachelor's degrees."
"Thursday- Chicken Packets w/pasta and peas"
"What are the differences between cows and women? I’m sorry I should probably rephrase that. Are there any differences between cows and women?"
"9) rove"
"KID: \"LOUDER!! It needs to be LOUDER, Daddy!!\""
"Overall, the book is quite enjoyable. It's not very original, it doesn't exhibit breathtakingly epic prose, and the characters (except for Holger) are not especially deep. It's not an incredible piece of fantasy, but it definitely has some value and deserves to be read at least once. I certainly liked it well enough to recommend it."
"Eleven months ago, a one-of-hell party was thrown in Miami, Florida."
"Don't let her opinion sway you though. This risotto is silky smooth, a bit sweet and pairs nicely with a grilled steak or chop. I tend to get risotto fatigue and just make mushroom risotto, so I'm happy to have found another variety we like. And I'll get little one to try it again... I may have lost the battle but..."
"I think kids need that structure; after all, we all need some sort of guardrails to help us in our lives, very general rules and ideas to help us define our worlds and our places within them."
"Levi is still technically under nutropenic precaution, as his counts are still pretty low. But, the doctor wanted to get him home, as it is actually much easier for little ones to stay away from germs and infection at home than it is in the hospital. All sort of nasty bugs lurking there I guess. We are monitoring his temperature and watching for signs of coughs, but praying and trusting God that he will have a solid rest and recovery time like he did after his first round."
"Coordinator: Adrienne Lee Tickled Events"
"Anyway, the point here is that someone wanted this kid to have a weird name. If it was his parents, then he is that kid with parents who wanted him to have a weird name. If he named himself Crow, then he is the kid that gave himself a weird name. Either of these kids is to be monitored closely."
"Imagine, he resisted the direct command of God. Don’t point the accusing finger until you see yourself. If you and I only knew, we have resisted His will countless times."
"Dr. Laurence (Karloff) devises a method to switch the intangible elements that makes up a being's mind from one body to another, but snaps when he is mocked by the scientific establishment and a rich newspaper publisher (Cellier) pulls his patronage for the doctor's research. He decides to use his method for his own gain, up to and including switching bodies with the son of his former patron (Loder) so he can marry the beautiful and intelligent Dr. Clare Wyatt (Lee)."
"Be early!"
"Old friend, why are you so shy?"
"And with laws like this people can, driven by their bias and personal ideas of how a terrorist look like, harass people. Would a blond guy with a bandana named Mikael Falke have been stopped? No but if your name is Ahmad, Mehmet, Mohammed or Ali you risk it."
"I’d rather the ‘proper’ recommendation of a ‘proper’ friend who one actually speaks to… I know, a bit old fashioned that but, talking (in my experience) does have quite a bit going for it – as opposed to living your life as dictated by a BlackBerry; ‘cos that’s pretty much like chattering to someone who camps out behind their sunglasses."
"Historical novelist Laurie Calkhoven was featured all over the web this week. See Clara Gillow Clark's series of interviews with Laurie, March 10th interview and her March 16th interview as well as Laurie's Inside the Writer's Studio interview with me this last Wednesday. And for those of us who can't get enough of Laurie and her Boys at War series, here is the cover for the next book in the series, Michael at the Invasion of France, 1943."
"Each Monday in May I'm posting a check-in status for my monthly #writemotivation goals. This is an opportunity for me to reflect on how things are going with the month and also to communicate with other writers participating in the #writemotivation mutual-encouragement activity."
"\"So, I sat down and read the story, to get a feel for the tone, mood, etc of the novel. I was instantly transported into the world that Lauren Baratz-Logsted created! I wanted to capture the feeling of being from the outside looking in on this classic story of LITTLE WOMEN. At first, most of my cover comps were similar to what had already been tried: they featured images of girls reading, etc. Then I thought it'd be interesting to see the main character sort of 'spying' on the characters in LITTLE WOMEN. I had a few options where a girl pulled back a curtain on a scene of LITTLE WOMEN, but they didn't have the impact I was hoping for. After looking and looking for more 'spying' images, I ended up finding the image on the final cover, the girl popping through a piece of paper. That's where everything started coming together, with the original LITTLE WOMEN artwork and the modern girl coming through the page....\""
"For whom do I wish to be beautiful? For what purpose does God call me to beauty? And what does beauty look like to Him?"
"I’ve been thinking too much about Ruby’s character and what the character may mean, about the feeling I have when I try get to know this character. The character seems tailor made for a culture obsessed with trauma and the exposing of conditions for troubled lives. The presence of the character, not quite whole and partially absent, conforms, I think, to Barthes notion of the “Return of the Author” -- the shredded ghost of a self that arrives through our interaction with a work of art. Finally, the character seems to enact the possibility that, in the words a recent Rosalind Krauss essay, that “who comes after the subject’ in society is a multiple personality.” Ruby’s character, constructed as well as written by Ruby, is stricken with the horrible illness of never being able to know itself, never being able to have enough of a handle on things to do any thing else but try to claw its way out of box it was buried in alive. So, in other words, Ruby’s character is basically perfectly in line with all the vogue horrors of a certain vision of the human self. Depressed yet. I am."
"With some self-published books there’s a lack of quality and need for a good and thorough edit, but then I’ve bought a few traditionally published before now that had no right to be anywhere near a bookshop!"
"ed. James Dalton Morrison"
"I belong to Camp 2...but today, I'm lazy...so I just put some chocolate syrup on it."
"I'm not keen on glitter paper because all the glitter rubs off, especially when die cutting or punching with it, but this one is great. It's really smooth and no glitter rubs off at all.....I must find out where it came from so I can get more! lol"
"In October of 2009 I attended a conference in Joshua Tree California, it was hosted by Whitley Strieber. A few days after the conference while traveling in Utah I started feeling chest pains. Later that same day I found out that my friend Mac Tonnies had died at the very young age of 34. A few months before this, I had spoken to Mac about an overnight stay in a hospital after he had fainted. The doctors were focused on his heart, but they never had an answer to why he fainted."
"Vassilios G. Haramis, 56, New York, N.Y."
"I guess the clincher was to be found in this following passge. This was a conversation between Princess Victoria, who had not yet attained the Queenship, and Prince Albert, who had not yet become the Queen’s husband."
"D'Lish Original: 11"
"‘Such energy demands mean there is a limit to the information we can process.’"
"But what of those who want to die? There are growing numbers who commit suicide. There is a growing emphasis on so-called mercy killing for the elderly, infirmed or those who are just tired of life. Then there are those terrorists who deem themselves as martyrs for the sake of taking other lives. Do they have a will to live? Seemingly not; and why not?"
"3. Physical Safety"
"What I didn't address and wish I had is the question of whether unschooling provides an equivalent education."
"Please Lord, let this all go off without a hitch."
"And possibly, most famously, Jim Morrison, who lived at The Andaz, was promptly evicted for dangling out of his window by his fingertips."
"So here is my 3rd June project."
"Quentin Walpole is stunned when a sweet lady secures his passage to America--and even more surprised to find his wealthy father and older brother on board the ship. Suddenly Amelia finds herself caught between the attentions of two men, but who should she entrust her heart to? As the fateful night arrives, will Amelia lose everything to the icy waters?"
"I'm not yet sure if I'll continue to blog here, or just merge this blog into my existing personal blog, or maybe even just spend more time DOING rather than writing about what I've done."
"to be your hope and your guiding star"
"Of course, being the new mama I was, I read everything about non-dominance training and feared scarring my furchild with abusive training techniques. I practiced positive behavior modification and I absolutely forbid Bryan from pulling too hard on her leash or any other sort of physical correction. I cringed when people pushed her down when she jumped on them. She's my BABY after all."
"Fueling the American spirit!"
"After an hour or so, one of the staff, an American, joined us out in the pool, but he actually got in as we stayed along the edge. We asked him the curious questions about where he came from, etc. which somehow eventually led to him explain that right behind us used to stand a 4-story apartment building, pre-earthquake. We turned around and looked at what remained of the building – only the flat, concrete foundation."
"Killer unicorns? Count me in. Another successful world building story. I loved the whole idea of a group of female warriors training to kill some bad-a unicorns. Everyone thinks Astrid's mom is a wack job, and sure she sounds crazy with her unicorn stories, but then it all comes true. I loved Astrid's cousin, Phil. Yeah she got on my nerves a few times, but for the most part she made me laugh. And Astrid's mom, Lilith, is a piece of work. I can't imagine sending my child to a foreign country with perfect strangers in order fulfill my own selfish desires. There was romance and quite a bit of action. A great read for those looking for something different."
"Now that I am a tea drinker I am into all the associated goodies... the cups, the saucers, the strainers, the pots... the pots are my favourites... and the teas... finding the tea and making the tea... I even grow certain herbs for my herbals and climb up ladders to pick the lime blossoms when they are in flower... I am not a ladder climbing type so that suggests my dedication to my new beverage..."
"Yes, slave labour, stimulated by the threat of being burned with a hot iron or thrown out a 19th floor window, or merely by the promise from a snakehead people-trafficker of a salary marginally above the starvation levels of poverty you have left your family to wallow in at home (c.f. Slumdog Milionaire), will give you that."
"That there have only been a few other times in her life when she felt this loved."
"it's not about the clothes here. it's about a combination of my favourite model and russia. hey presto, I'm buying whatever they're selling."
"Her husband and sons worked at the local grain elevator. They came home and got cleaned-up from their long, dirty day at work and went to eat dinner. I didn’t know that they were used to the old country ways of when you had to bring water in for a bath by hand and everyone shared it. She got Russell and me into the bathroom and stripped-off our clothes and plopped us into the large claw-foot bathtub that had just been used by I don’t remember how many stinky, oily, dirty grown men. I just remember the water was so dark I couldn’t see anything of myself under it and there was a film of some sort that carried small curly hairs past my face. She reminded us that we needed to use plenty of soap to keep the other dirt off of us so we’d be clean. This was one of my first introductions to lye soap. It doesn’t suds-up like soap we use today does, so I kept rubbing and rubbing it on me thinking it was never going to clean anything. Then she scooped each of us out of the murky broth (remember, we’re both in the tub together), dried us off, gave us our pajamas we’d brought with us, and finished it all up with a healthy dose of NyQuil. Yup, back when it had a high enough alcohol content to knock you on your butt. We’d already had dinner and she wanted to make sure we went to bed. I was basically an alcoholic at age 4 from all the times I stayed at her house."
"-He is cruising all over the place but not taking steps on his own yet, though he loves to push his walker"
"Anyhoo, with Christmas rapidly approaching I thought I'd share with you some super cute gift ideas for stocking stuffers or the perfect accessory to go with your Christmas outfit or the little lady in your life's dress. My friends at Rockin' Bowstars have been busy creating some gorgeous clips and headbands just for the holidays. Check out a few that I've got my eye on. : )"
"Until now I would never have copped to such a self-description, because evangelist is just not how I see myself. I grew up in a family of atheists in a small town where my sister and I were the only kids in that category; my first memory of school is having other kids ask me what church I attended. (I also learned quickly that my answer, “I don’t go to church,” was not the right one.) There were points in seventh grade (i.e., age 12-13) when I really, really wanted to believe in God or have Jesus come to me in an ecstatic moment, but both of Them ignored me. (To be honest, my eagerness for Their attention can be chalked up to my eagerness for attention from the cutest guy in school, who was some kind of Baptist.)"
"Every great romance comes with a risk…"
"Had you dropped me a letter"
"Heat 1 tbsp of oil in a large skillet over medium heat until oil is shimmering. Fry half the patties until both sides are brown. This will take about 10 minutes. Repeat with the remaining patties. Serve warm on a toasted bun with desired toppings. Make sure you try the special sauce below."
"(716): the fucking easter bunny is here. he just made 3 cups in a row. no one knows who he is."
"Let’s go back to the alpine pastures… how very beautiful… those little wooden houses up there, with the little restaurants – and souvenir shops… I can’t tell for sure – we were never allowed in… that’s what we had taken our rucksacks for. Instead of drinking the cold spring water up there we had to carry our water and food up which didn’t ease the pain – at least not mine…"
"- Sound oral and written communication skills"
"740 N. Fairfax Ave."
"Back to Grandma and her German understanding cats and dogs. Grandma always had some kind of wiener dog..a Dachshund..low to the ground with toe nails that would click all the way across the linoleum that covered the kitchen floor. Their names were always similar too..Doxie and Dixie and Trixie..or some such name that is buried so far back in my head that it won’t come out when I want it too. Grandma would tell that dog to sit, roll over or dance and twirl in German and the little fat elongated dog would do whatever Grandma said. Then Grandma would give the dog a treat..my Grandma was an excellent cook.. no doubt the dog liked her cooking too!"
"The paper you use will make all the difference in your results, particularly when you're starting out and unsure of how to get the results you want. That being said, I've colored and blended on everything from good Gina K cardstock to watercolor paper. The smoother the cardstock, the easier it is to blend."
"Talk to Milo Brockhouse on the Methel-stage then wait until the show starts. You will now be able click on the firework launchers to participate in the show."
"Western Civilisation was founded on Judeo-Christianity. It was born near here, on the slopes of Mt Sinai where Moses received The Ten Commandments, and it is defended here, in Israel, the focal point of Islam’s attack upon the West."
"Although post-mortem photographs make up a large group of 19th century American artifacts, it was only until recent years the photos have been brought out into the open, according to Burns' research."
"I loved my Indian Blanket. Ell Oh Vee Eeed it. It was soft and warm and richly colored, stitched with organically intricate precision. On Saturday afternoons while my mother vacuumed I would create a pallet on the floor in my bedroom and curl up in it with a myriad of stuffed animals to take a nap. Those were the best naps ever as far as childhood memories go."
"My friend, known in the blogosphere as “krlr,” is being a catalyst for good things. She’s helping to put together a group of people who would like to do a fun run during the NDSC convention weekend in DC. My guess is that this is going to be a hit!"
"I also went unto the scale today and realized, that I lost some! So, I´m motivated. One reason why I´m also loosing easier theses days, is because I have awful stomach aches, when I drink coffee or eat a lot. I think, I should go and see my doctor, but I try to treat myself first. I´m taking some medicine that I think could help and had to stop drinking coffee. It´s quite difficult, because I LOVE coffee! So, I´m drinking a lot of tea now and I hope, it can all get better without going to see the doctor. There is a swiss doctor here in the city. But he won´t give me just some medicine! No, he will say: \"How can I know, what is going on in your stomach without a gastroscopy?!\" Have you ever had a gastroscopy? They put this innertube (or how do you call this thing in English?) into your mouth and all the way down into your stomach. It´s awful! AWFUL!"
"Culture – How many excellent thinkers have pointed out that political reform is useless until we produce a cultured populace (p. 52)."
"I have never heard any pastor talk about the 2 in the same sermon or in a discussion group. They are usually talked about in separate contexts. Rarely together which I find unusual. They are similar events. They are about servant hood. At one event, Jesus is the servant and at the other event he is being served. I find that important to look at."
"Eric's life aboard a top secret stealth submarine as a member of the government’s M.E.R. program has been about discipline, cunning and survival."
"Dana From The Block."
"Coral Springs Coach Brantley Barr has been pleased with his team’s performance over the season. Both the men’s and women’s teams have done well. Dario Delices has done well in the triple jump and Jenna Boersma performed well in the pole vault."
"To understand the women have to become a woman, and if it can become impossible, one can only accept women as they are - full of riddles and sweet charm of his personality."
"Designer -Jeanne Streiff"
"Legal Aid: Social Welfare Law"
"Now I have to get ready and go to work in a bit, so I really don't have all day, but I do have 15 minutes."
"I can see the horizon in distance from the canal bridge. I wonder what it was like to work on a barge and travel the canals. Day or night, the canal appears endless in the distance."
"That was it. Those are the only instructions Rowan received. He did the rest on his own. His full account regarding his time in Cuba gathering information and delivering that all important letter to Garcia can be found here....just scroll down a bit."
"-115F heatwaves"
"And so to lunch, which we combined with afternoon tea at the Richmond Tea Rooms. As you’ll see in our video (at the foot of this page in the next few days), they haven’t been short of publicity since opening last summer. But you can see why this place is popular, with all sorts of people."
"“It felt great, actually. When I landed back in England there was a message from Simon, saying ‘Hello, Cheryl. So, now that you’ve blown me up in Afghanistan, can we talk?’ I’m not one of those people who holds a grudge”, Cheryl tells GQ."
"Japan's many dialects originate in a migration of farmers from the Korean Peninsula some 2,200 years ago, a groundbreaking study borrowing the tools of evolutionary genetics reported Wednesday."
"Now...To refresh your memory, here are all the outfits together. You can click to embiggen them, and click on the dates to go to the original posts."
"We need to put an end to this! It isn’t fair! Children across the world are dreading to step out of their houses because they’re scared. Children shouldn’t have to live in fear."
"I found this book to be really interesting, and I learned a few new tricks from it. I also realized that I have a lot, yet, left to learn! LOL."
"Please subscribe to this blog since I update often, and leave a review if you have any questions or comments. Your comments are appreciated."
"⁃ Year: Circa 1950′s"
"Vanessa was hard for me to engage with as a character; she is always uncertain and always scared. She grows a little in this story but not much and I found her difficult to be inspired by and hard to relate to. She was also incredibly dense, she just didn't understand things and how they related and it frustrated me."
"I never knew they existed until yesterday when I bought them at our local Food Lover’s Market. They are seriously juicy and much less “dense” than their “average” local cousins. They taste like an apple/pear hybrid. And I mean you can actually taste BOTH types of fruit. Unlike the grapple which just smells like grape but ends up tasting like an apple dipped in grape juice."
"Abandon Ship,"
"“Take Seth Godin for example. Mr. Godin is by all measures the type of talent a traditional publisher covets. He has authored twelve books, is considered a thought leader in his field and has a large and loyal following. His last book, “Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?” has sold 50,000 copies since its release in January, according to Nielsen BookScan, which tracks about 75 percent of the retail book marketplace. Until last week, that title and his previous books were published under the Portfolio imprint, which is owned by Pearson PLC’s Penguin Group (USA), but according to The Wall Street Journal that has all changed. In the article, “Author to Bypass Publisher for Fans,” WSJ reported Mr. Godin “ditched” his traditional publisher and will self publish his next book and sell directly to his avid readers. In other words, he is taking his message directly to the people.”"
"I have the greatest Mother In Law in the world. She is in my Top 3 most favorite people on the planet group. She is so cute and stylish and encouraging and beyond supportive and absolutely hysterical. Her birthday was in the middle of April and I decided that instead of getting her a bunch of smallish things I would wait and get something GREAT when I found it."
"Here’s a song I wrote a few months ago with my friend Ray Barnette and we had the best time writing it…hope you’ll have a good time listening to it too…;-)"
"It's pretty easy for me to relate to that line. Is it the fact that I was raised in a pastor's family, being uprooted and transferred every three to five years, allowing me enough time to get fully adjusted to a new home just in time to move again? Is it because I have a traveling spirit and can't stay in one place too long without feeling the need to go somewhere else? Is it because I've spent significant amounts of time in other countries, and would like to consider myself one of those so-called \"global citizens\"? I guess it's all of the above. Having parents who live in another country (or this fall, when between the four members of our family, we were on three separate continents) definitely helps the feeling of not truly having a home."
"Geek Husband: Honey, Dosa is so boring. It is simple and plain like the old text only Internet."
"I kid you not."
"Unless of course you grab those non-penis touching prostitutes out there and get them to give the massages instead."
"So, I have had a pretty bad run week. My goal is to run 3-4 times a week. Mostly 30 minute runs with at least one 45 minute run each week. I did fine on Tuesday--30 minutes on the treadmill and even managed to do closer to a 14 minute mile than a 15 minute mile. Then on Thursday, I decided to run on the indoor track. It's about 90 degrees here this week so I didn't think it was a good day to try the run outside. But I knew I had to move beyond the treadmill. Well, it was not so good. I didn't feel great on my way to the rec center. I started my run, got about 15 minutes and felt awful. Decided to take a one lap walk and do the second 15 which I would have been okay with but I could only make it 8. Not sure what happened. I think it was a combination of the way I was feeling, my confidence in doing this run away from the treadmill, and the fact that I was on this tiny 1/13 of a mile track and it felt like I was running forever. So, I'll try again tomorrow. See what happens. I am shooting for 45 minutes tomorrow and will probably run on the treadmill. Next week, temps are supposed to be in the 70s so it looks to be perfect running weather. Maybe that is the week to try the run outside."
"2006: V&A Illustration Awards (shortlisted)"
"Achieve greater print quality and image control with the Epson R2400"
"It’ s you who made me believe,"
"Phone No : 01225 768107"
"To make it work, the parent company sets up a third subsidiary (S3) in the Netherlands, with no other purpose than to funnel money from S2 to S1. Instead of licensing the parent’s products directly to S2, the Bermuda-based S1 grants them to its Dutch partner, who then passes them along. In other words, S1 and S2 are the bread around an S3 Dutch meat sandwich. What good is that? The Irish don’t tax money being moved among European countries (S2 to S3), and the Netherlands takes only a small fee for moving the money from S3 to S1. This makes it so the “royalties” checks can arrive in Bermuda virtually untaxed."
"Hallelujah!!!"
"Because He will. I just know He will."
"It seems churlish to say this movie looks beautiful, is richly allusive, elegant, Proustian in tone and mode – when these qualities are the last thing that any male in the audience will appreciate."
"Severn Trent. This started life as an amalgamation of 20 or so public sector water authorities, one of which was Montgomeryshire. One of the original counties of Wales and now part of Powys. They also own reservoirs in Wales."
"Tim Brown: 1,094 catches, 14,934 yards, 100 TDs"
"Falling Rock - Though the competition has increased significantly in recent years, Falling Rock is still probably Colorado best beer bar. I've had mixed experiences with their food, their pricing is not posted anywhere and seems to vary every time I go, and their service typically leaves something to be desired. But Chris Black has built the best beer selection in the state and its not even close. They are the place that got the first Pliny the Younger keg when Russian River started distributing beer in Colorado. They are the place that has half the Fantome Saison collection just sitting in a fridge waiting for you. They actually have Isabelle Proximus listed on their beer menu. And Falling Rock during the GABF? Forget about it. They park a refrigerated semi out front because they can't fit all the specialty kegs inside."
"What was their five year goal for development and growth?"
"Behold the brilliance of ksufans.com video artist chum, who was previously the subject of a BearBacker Voices Summer Lecture Series Interview. His complete body of work can be found here. Recently, chum agreed to create a video for these here BearMeats; he did not disappoint. He has turned Baylor, Waco and BearMeat into a beautiful work of art. When I first saw this I removed my boots, because I knew I was standing in the presence of God. After you watch this, you may think that our blog has nothing more to say because of the sheer completeness of this video. It is the most BearMeat creation we have ever witnessed and the Editorial Board had nothing to do with it. Basically, we have been out-BearMeated. Wow. May God have mercy on our souls. It's been a fun run. Pro Ecclesia, Pro Texana! Sic 'em, Bears!"
"But either way… Once you get past the spatial dimensions, it seems that there are only 7 additional dimensions (giving a total of 10). There is nothing past the 10th dimension."
"The MIT team’s biological system captures carbon dioxide at a higher rate, says Barbero."
"I'm recording a downloadable \"single\" each month during 2012 - free to listen or £1 to own - so if you like lo-fi experimental electronic pop kind of stuff then give it a go. The 3rd monthly single is now online and you can download them as follows."
"This year, however, in keeping with the unusually warm and poor snow year, Mother Nature celebrated the last day of the ski season right along with us. The sun was shining, temperatures soared, and the air felt practically tropical."
"Edward (Ted) R. Hennessy, 35, Belmont, Mass."
"Only on a train do we see more of the world around us"
"A man was bedridden, in a nursing home. He had no visitors, but one man who would come. He would ask him to describe what he saw out the window. The man would tell him all about the little children playing tag. Jumping rope and kids games. The people strolling by and the beautiful trees and flowers. Birds singing and the wonderful sunsets."
"Tip-toe Thru' The Tulips With Me"
"Sebastian: Dude, you get right to the good stuff! I'm a boxer-brief kind of guy."
"It's always seemed a strange cover to me. That window's far too close to the floor. Why's there no furniture? And why does that house have twenty foot high bright yellow walls? But who cares about that? What matters is that Fantastic Four #2 gives us all the Skrulls we could ever need, in the first FF tale I ever read."
"Peppercorn Hoof Pie."
"Something real will also happen,"
"Nelson is the firstborn, the alpha-cat of the house. He is very fluffy, friendly, curious, nosy and he is very affectionate. He is not afraid of any visitors, and he loves to take part in all events from home."
"Several years ago when my son regularly had sleepovers during the weekends he and his rugrat friends very often would surround me as I lay in my easy chair trying to relax and demand I make a Taco Bell run or suffer the consequences. Despite my pleas for them to leave me alone so I could watch the pretty pictures on the idiot box the idea of listening to five to seven kids upstairs destroying the family room to the wee hours of the morning was usually more than enough to motivate me to rush to my car and go buy twenty-dollars worth of crunchy goodness to appease the hungry mini-mob. Of course, I always got my cut of the tacos even though I paid the price by enduring late night heartburn."
"And Saul, yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest, And desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem."
"1 elapsed"
"I haven’t written on here enough since I said I would but today’s events pushed me to share them with you as a means of me venting before the men in white coats come to carry me off because I have been found rocking in the corner."
"Sending You These Greetings"
"take an inventory of neither the household’s contents, nor any damage to"
"3. If you were to give Jane Austen a present of a few books by modern authors – which ones would you wrap up?"
"6) suture"
"As Kenya has ratified the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, the national authorities are obliged to cooperate with the Court, including arresting persons it has charged."
"27 With the dynamic text field still selected, go again to the Property inspector and give it an Instance name: call it guessWord_txt."
"The IFP said today that it was shocked to learn the real reasons behind government's push to ensure the controversial Gauteng e-tolling project succeeds"
"that the only way to get him into office is to stop being against the"
"So, where was I? Oh right, Geek Fonzie and Clara are about to get hot and heavy, but she decides to tell him about Candyman first. Yeah, nothing sets a sexy mood like a guy with one hand \"sawn off\"(her phrase) who murders people because they know his name."
"I am putting to use some of the Photographs that I have.....I have made this one for you to play with if you would like."
"\"Do you remember who gave you that?\" I asked."
"This kind of approach needs to be leveled with teasing YET with flirting so that it’s not a weird or awkward transition to later ask her for the digits. IOW’s the playful banter/teasing needs to always have a foundation in showing an intimate interest and need to move to the next level. Basically, there should be no surprises when you go from cracking a joke and she’s in tears laughing and just as she is catching her breathe from laughing so hard you drop the hammer and ask for her number and she’s like “WTF?”."
"We’ve loved him as a narrator, a story teller, as a game show host, and now we have one more reason to enjoy Amitabh Bachchan’s awesomeness on the small screen. Bollywood Hungama recently broke the news that Mr. Amitabh Bachchan is going to be the face of the channel – Life Ok. Apparently, he will be filling in Madhuri Dixit’s spot as the channel’s narrator."
"My granny(maternal) had 4 sons and 5 daughters.7 grandsons and 19 grand daughters.I never felt the discrimination in my granny’s house.We were literally brought up in a girls hostel."
"They weren't clever."
"I'm only good for about ten minutes in a hot tub. I moved to the sauna for another ten minutes, then went back to the room to change. We met Brian and Nicole again for a trivia contest in one of the lounges, then went to the shore excursion desk and signed up for a tour in Cozumel. I don't remember what they did afterwards, but I decided it was time for a nap."
"\"Prophecy is not some low-hanging fruit that can be plucked from a tree. You have to go to the farmer's market and pay a little extra for it.\""
"Yesterday, I was so ready to rock the nonstress test. Deuce had been moving like a champ all weekend long. I was feeling confident. All your blog comments assured me I would enjoy the NST! I was going to hear the baby and watch the heartrate and just hang out doing nothing for thirty minute to an hour. Sounds awesome!"
"I feel it."
"Within a few moments, the technician had declared the pregnancy to be early enough to undergo a medical abortion. She handed Tori a towel to wipe the gel off her stomach. She was led to the large armchair where she was told she would be injected with the chemical that would stop the pregnancy from growing. Nadine showed her the three tablets she had to take in three days in order to expel the tissue. She wiped her bicep with some alcohol and then stuck her syringe in the vial with the Methotrexate, lifted it up and drew out the contents."
"So, you may be asking yourself, what did Liz think of the film? She enjoyed it. She laughed out loud at parts. She also agreed with me that, in many instances, the dialogue and story connect on a much more personal, emotional level than Kevin’s work is really ever given credit for doing. However, she was recovering from a pretty major bout of illness, so she wasn’t overly talkative about her feelings on the film. Though, if I had to guess from her reactions, her favorite part of the movie was that there was a cat in it. Though, to be fair, that is her favorite part of anything."
"1 12 oz pkg frozen seasoning blend"
"More pride in his glory, More hope in his word,"
"Here are 7 things about me:"
"LIMPOPO police have kept from court video footage showing the alleged assault of freelance journalist Chester Makana by ANC Youth League official Clifford Mohloana."
"Red sails 270"
"Of course we ate well while we were there. Lots of fresh Maui veggies and fish! Yum! The best fish I have ever had was at Mama's Fish House this time. We ate there last fall, too, and it was excellent then also. But this time was over-the-top! The opakapaka was seasoned and cooked perfectly and literally melted in your mouth. OMG! It makes me hungry right now to think about it! :^) And we visited Star Noodle for lunch and dinner--both great meals, as usual. Loved the Lahaina Grill, too! Didn't gain any weight, oddly enough, due to all the walking and swimming we did. I only had a shave ice once, which probably helped. Did not eat dessert at every meal. Please don't faint. I know, I know it's shocking. But I filled up on good food for a change! What was I thinking?"
"I have supply lists today:"
"Unfortunately, almost all A.A. writers and AA history writers have mischaracterized A.A. quiet times. Possibly because they were steering wide and clear of Jesus Christ and the Bible. Probably because they did not mention and did not want to mention the prerequisite “born again” surrenders. Mostly because they did not do their homework. In the first place, quiet time was and could be an individual thing, a morning thing, or a group thing; and it often was all of these. Secondly, some of the Oxford Group trappings of “journaling,” “listening,” writing down thoughts, and “checking” were just not a significant, if even relevant, part of Akron pioneer quiet times. Finally, almost invariably, A.A. revisionist-writers have left out the absolute necessity posited in Akron that one must become a child of God in order to pray effectively to, and hear from, God, their “Heavenly Father.” See Dick B., Good Morning: Quiet Time, Morning Watch, Meditation, and Early A.A.; The Oxford Group and Alcoholics Anonymous; New Light on Alcoholism. Notice particularly the Bible material in the second chapter of 1 Corinthians. The verses there speak clearly about spiritual wisdom imparted by God and differentiate it from the “foolishness” that the “natural man” (one who is not-born-again) can and does receive. The verses also point out that the natural man cannot even understand the wisdom imparted by God because it must be “spiritually discerned.” And Henrietta Seiblering often quoted this material to AAs."
"Though after I’ve quit I may write a tell-all article about the experience."
"Wheating should get to the line first to take the title. Symmonds should draw close, but look for Andrews to go by both Jock and Symmonds with 10 meters left as they lean at the finish with Jock getting the final Daegu spot with his height advantage on the lean!"
"Scarf: Alexander McQueen"
"By Jonna Petry"
"It's my birthday today!"
"As much as we walk up and down the stairs, the paint on the spindles was constantly chipping from wear and tear. So I decided to strip the paint and give it a ceruse wood finish."
"CAMP FREDDY is continuing work on what is expected to eventually be released as the band's debut album. Among the cuts that are set to appear on the effort are \"20th Century Boy\" (also featuring Steve Jones from THE SEX PISTOLS on lead guitar) and THIN LIZZY's \"Jailbreak\" (featuring ALICE IN CHAINS guitarist Jerry Cantrell on vocals and Billy Duffy on lead guitar). Other guest musicians include RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS drummer Chad Smith and singer Macy Gray."
"Fish Tank's trailer:"
"“She’s been approved by a certain church to attend Sunday services, and I anticipate that that recommendation will be forthcoming from her doctors,” Yates’ attorney George Parnham told ABCNews.com. He would not name the church."
"I have been so busy."
"The world has changed a great deal. The divisions are now less about right and left than about freedom and oppression."
"Pour la porte du paradis."
"And He says:"
"Smell: 2.5"
"It would be interesting to know what does inspire crime readers, do they all sit around with pictures of torture and weapons on their walls, or do they look out over calming waterfalls and flying geese (real flocks, not the Hilda Ogden version) Personally were I to write a book a nice wet day would be my best inspiration, at least I live in the right country for it."
"A link-up with former Ferrari team-mate Alain Prost at his team for 2000 was a disaster. There were no points, with ninth and last at the Nurburgring being his best result. There were 12 retirements, the Peugeot engine kept blowing up and the car was a slow as a Morris Minor. In Austria, Alesi committed the ultimate crime by driving into his rookie team-mate Nick Heidfeld, two weeks after Heidfeld had hit him at his home race in Magny-Cours. He was happier in 2001 with a customer Ferrari engine and there were superb drives in Monaco and Montreal to gain much-needed points for the ailing Prost outfit."
"According to Bloomberg, Lembaga Tabung Haji (LTH) holds the largest stake at 22% in the company while Berjaya Corp Bhd (BCorp) owns almost 21%."
"an eye on the house."
"There is a remote side to your 3 Life Path, as well. This comes as a surprise to the native and to those who think they’re well acquainted. The 3 is actually a very sensitive soul. When hurt, you can easily retreat into a shell of morose silence for extended periods. Nonetheless, the 3 eventually copes with all of the many setbacks that occur in life and bounces back for more. It’s usually easy for you to deal with problems because you freely admit their existence without letting them get you down for too long. Because of your own sensitivity to hurt, you have a caring disposition and are usually conscious of other people’s feelings and emotions."
"05-I'm Tore Down"
"You can see that the pink is far too dark here but this was just a test. I will be going over the top edge with the paper mix to get a nice finish but this box hasn't been cut yet hence the funny angle. I hope to do a couple with music print paper too."
"Think you can smell and live in New York City? The Rockefeller University Smell Study seeks to recruit normal subjects to track down the genetic basis of how we perceive and distinguish similar smells. They have been conducting smell studies for the last seven years at the Vosshall Lab in New York City."
"We try the same methods of changing – and don’t realise that Jesus is right there beside us. He’s willing to help but won’t ‘butt in’ without invitation."
"Sponges and guinea pigs these kids are, as this year they’re taking part in a big and exciting experiment to prove that this level of technology can work on a much larger scale. Mrs. Lemon and her classroom have taken a giant leap this year working with her iPads and have laid the groundwork for hopefully continued use of technology in the Natick schools for years to come."
"We will try and post informative guides to troubleshooting your systems, setting up your ADSL and just helping you get the most out of your service."
"And for justice for those boys in The Bakers Dozen. According to their website, the most seriously injured boy, Sharyar Aziz, was a freshman who’d only begun singing with them in October."
"Another book for you to read is called Rumors (Anna Godbersen). I can’t really say alot about it, because it is the sequel to The Luxe. It takes place Manhattan, 1899 (I know what you’re thinking, because I hate historical books as well… except for this one!). Here’s a link, please check it out because it is a really good series!! http://theluxebooks.com/series.vm#"
"Exercising, calling friends, blogging, organizing the house."
"Using cliché/vague phrases: ‘Then a manipulated act sets a chain reaction of grim events into motion,’ could be said about anything; The Wizard of Oz, Titanic, Harry Potter, Winnie the Pooh, Prada & Prejudice, Northanger Abbey, etc. What sets YOUR book apart?"
"Even if health workers go unharmed, they risk being turned away by people who were already mistrustful of foreign interventions and especially of vaccination efforts. The CIA’s logic—that health care teams could penetrate places other outsiders could not—is precisely the reason not to use the tactic."
"So, why pick up a newspaper today?"
"This would be the ideal map for anyone traveling to Colorado. The full topographical map is helpful on its own, and it has the added benefit of placing you where you need to be- AT THE PUB!"
"My crime TV of choice used to be UK and US based. I grew up with Suchet’s Poirot and Hickson’s Marple, and it’s to Miss Marple I return if ever I’m feeling defeated by the world. Again, it has the bonus of good knitwear. CSI was a favourite for a while but accidentally watching a ton of CSI Miami cured me of that. Bones was good until it jumped the shark and I still have a soft spot for NCIS and The Mentalist. But after a while all these shows felt tired, the same tropes being recycled between them over and over again. If there’s a guest star of moderate fame, he’s going to be the killer. So I stopped watching. For a while, I thought I could get into sci-fi because I liked Battlestar and Firefly but then I gave my husband the Farscape boxset for Christmas. Cripes."
"* From El Tangauta, a monthly tango magazine from Buenos Aires, December 2009"
"I think I failed to mention that earlier this week I received calls from Walgreens and Ross about my applications there. Walgreens I need to go in and complete the rest of their skills assessment, which I’m waiting to hear back from a manager since I let him know that I was out of town for the week; Ross I called yesterday, the manager I spoke to wasn’t of any help at all and didn’t return my phone call this afternoon, and I honestly don’t really want to call back. The Ross I applied to is over 20 miles away, and I know I wouldn’t get paid enough to even drive there – well, it wouldn’t be worth the hassle, at least. Walgreens is here in town, give or take ten miles away – much more bearable with a mini van! I know everyone is like “You can’t be picky when trying to get a job,” but you know what? If I’m just paying for gas to get to and from work, it’s not even worth having a job. I’m trying to remain optomistic; eventually, something will come up for me. And, no, it will not entail waitressing!"
"Watch every bite"
"Once the podcast ended, I opted for music that I thought might sooth me. Not even the Doobie Brothers’ “What a Fool Believes” did the trick. I thought that if I sang along, I might divert my own attention away from the headache, but no. It takes too much effort to mimic Michael McDonald’s unique voice."
"A huge amount of pulsing, sentient brain matter, the Elder Brain is the centre of the illithid cities. Though capable of movement, it mostly spends its life floating in the tanks and pools built for it. It's part leader, part supercomputer, part moral police and part afterlife; in short, it's near deific. It senses the thoughts of all creatures within the city. Not only does this prevent treason, but it also makes the cities notoriously difficult to penetrate."
"Today is a very special day – it’s Waltzingmouse Stamps’ 2nd birthday. Two years ago today, Waltzingmouse Stamps opened its wee doors and enchanted us with the unveiling of Half Baked Gingerbread Joy and the Oven Fresh Gingerbread Joy sets. When I asked Claire what surprised her most after releasing her first two sets, she replied, “the fact that anyone actually wanted to buy my stamps!”"
"In 2000, the UK wing of Thomas Nelson was acquired by Wolters Kluwer and became part of the educational imprint Nelson Thornes. The American wing remains a large independent publisher based in Nashville, Tennessee and it is currently the sixth largest American trade publisher and the world's largest Christian publisher. Thomas Nelson is the publisher for many leading Christian authors, including Billy Graham, Max Lucado, John Eldredge, John Maxwell, Charles Stanley, and Ted Dekker. In 2003, Thomas Nelson USA launched the fiction imprint WestBow Press. It is with this imprint that our story continues today."
"Inside bottom line, payday loan suppliers will typically price the actual total to be returned and on what time (commonly your next or next-but-one particular cash advance)."
"We marveled at her true knot in the cord, took pictures, her weight, 8lbs 5oz, and the midwives gave her a thorough, yet quick evaluation and then she was back in my arms. I don't even think my mother held her for hours and hours after her birth. It was perfection, even the postpartum."
"3.Perspectivas Sombrias"
"Then last week it was my birthday. So its birthday month and that means free meals! I'm always stoked for that and my coupons. So we have it all scheduled out and is still going on. This weekend we go to the buffet and the real bonus of birthday month is we get a lot of dates out of that! Its exciting. Other than that the calendar is filling up with friends and other things. I'm going to be helping a friend out for a month (paid) while she has surgery and is recovering so that will be fun."
"And in the article it is made abundantly clear that the South African government has committed itself to uphold the SADC tribunal ruling. And the ruling was in favor of Michael Campbell and 78 Zimbabwean farmers that the land reform program in Zimbabwe was “racist and unlawful”"
"Yep. You read that right. I had to go pick up the vaccinations at the pharmacy, keep them in my fridge, and then go back to see her again today so she could stick said needles in me. Lovely. And I paid for two appointments for her to do that. Seriously, if the pharmacy is going to hand the drugs over to me, couldn't I just stick the needles in myself? Because, yes, the needles do come in the package that was given to me. Luckily, my fear of needles will always prevent me from sticking myself with them, but still..."
"Some of us are extremely comfortable with our lives… others are ok but could be better… and there are yet those who wish they could wake up from this nightmare, but no alarm sounds off! I have met people who can talk about money for hours, and what they are doing and who they work with etc. I have heard others who can talk about their diabetes medicine, or how many doctors visits they make, and how high gas, food, housing is, etc. Why is this? What determines how we occupy our time? Most people we meet are either secretly wishing to be rich or are actually openly trying to make the next dollar. I have heard many wealthy people say that poor people are lazy and don’t want to work and just make babies and don’t educate themselves etc. The list goes on, and people ask why should everyone have equal money and equal opportunity, and all that…"
"I opened the door and the first thing I saw was a small puddle of pink syrup on the floor. Laying next to the puddle was an empty bottle of Benadryl. I looked at Jackson and noticed pink syrup dripping from his lip and running down his shirt. I asked him if he drank the Benadryl and he said that he did. When I asked how much did he drink he said \"A lot.\" I did not know how much medicine was in the bottle to begin with so I went into a bit of a panic. More of a panic then the time when a three-year-old Wyatt drank almost a full beer. Panics at 6:30 in the morning move a lot slower than afternoon panics."
"Throughout Ireland, north and south, throughout the “English-speaking” world, throughout most of industrialized nations, debates about the future of education are raging. In most nations the dominant narrative of this debate focuses on concepts such as “rigour,” and “privatization,” “higher standards” and"
"Geographic Difference Three U. s. Declares subspecies show vulnerable and clinal variation in dimensions, overall colour, and size of the rufous cap. Two small, dark-colored subspecies enjoy middle and north american Tx (texanus) and the Sonoran and Chihuahuan Deserts of Az, New South america, and american Tx (mesoleucus); the more westerly subspecies has a much more powerful rufous cap. South mesatus is large and light, with a darkish cap that is tinged rufous."
"I was walking down the sidewalk which narrowed down to a little tree enclosed walkway and came up to a girl that was walking the opposite direction when I received a text with said tweet/catcall blaring out of my pocket. She looked over moderately creeped out as I realized that she thought I was catcalling her from like 3 feet away. Embarrassed, I stuttered in trying to explain:"
"This weeks classes are all about Christmas yet again. I figure I can cut down greatly on your stress load if you already have lots of your gifts and cards ready before December when everything get crazy busy."
"The relentless pace of the Porsche GT3 Hybrid of Joerg Bergmeister Porsche Factory Driver and Patrick Long Porsche Factory Driver was impressive. The first GT first to finish the race – but ranked outside classification - finished in sixth place overall in the 1000 km of Zhuhai and made only four pit stops! A performance that earned the German manufacturer the Motul trophy for technological innovation."
"What if we get broadband data without asking incumbents?"
"Coach Tyson (right in picture) ran his first CBL tryout on Saturday and orchestrated a tough 2.5 hour practice. It was quickly noted that his experience is exactly what the team needs to brink a pro basketball winner to the Raleigh area. The Dream Center is a wonderful facility and everyone attending the tryout really enjoyed the action and the competition."
"- 1/2 to 3/4 cup light coconut milk, or other non-dairy milk/creamer"
"The Universitas 21 ranking of national higher education systems has been developed to highlight the importance of creating a strong environment for higher education institutions to contribute to economic and cultural development, provide a high-quality experience for students and help institutions compete for overseas applicants."
"To help make this point and raise other questions with our viewers, I have selected works by three of the top conceptual artists in the field of contemporary Japanese ceramics, all on loan from Jeffrey and Carol Horvitz. In our contemporary ceramics case, located on the lobby level of the Pavilion for Japanese Art, I’ve placed a sculpture by Akiyama Yo with stacks of tea bowls crushed under the weight of compacted clay. One imagines this mangled stack to resemble the findings of archaeologists digging now in Kyoto, as they unearth the remains of seventeenth-century kilns. Hoshino Satoru’s work, by contrast, is a precious tea bowl, which a tea practitioner would carefully lift to inspect and remark upon before drinking from it during the course of a tea ceremony. If not for the good outcome from the kiln, Hoshino’s bowl might be found generations later in the same form depicted in Akiyama’s sculpture!"
"Yesterday @15.53 pm we welcomed our SON into the world!!!"
"Google is your friend. In the search bar, lets put in a topic that interests you....say you are real big on camping, primitive living and wilderness survival."
"When the house was quiet"
"Wow, this is a much longer post than normal. So, to wrap up the rambling, enjoy a few little nuggets that I discovered on our hard drive taken from Eric's phone. Oh, and just to keep you on pins and needles for our next post, we finally got to visit Tanganika Wildlife Park on Memorial Day and have some great pictures and videos from that trip we plan to post soon."
"That wealth sticks out in a part of the country that has become an increasingly dangerous drug trafficking corridor."
"I was joined soon thereafter by a nice, talkative gentleman named Jewell. It turns out I hijacked his spot, but we got on well and decided to hang out during the con. After a surprisingly delicious lunch and great conversation, I went back to my room to retrieve my bookbag and a surprise to show Heather Langenkamp and I met back up with Jewell and we headed into the convention."
"Today, I was relieved to be told that our patient census was low and I had the day off. It allowed me to do a bunch of errands-- groceries, laundry, cooking-- and to think about it all. I've decided to tough it out. I'll try to make it to August, when it'll be a year. That year is magic in the profession. Once you have that year, jobs open up."
"“As a matter of fact, I am!” He seemed very pleased with himself and continued to warble."
"By getting out now, he can keep his hopes alive for a 2016 race if Obama wins, and maybe push his way into a gig at FOX or one of the alphabet networks as a talking head. As a good example of the kind of phoney 'conservative' boogie man the Left adores parading, I'd be surprised if the offers weren't already coming in."
"Somewhere in the mist of the romance associated with vampires and their undying love, we choose to forget that everything about them is shaped to be the most deadly of predators. Everything about them, their smell, their beauty, their charm, their speed, their strength, the seductiveness is meant to draw you in for an easy kill. Because let's face it, humans would be easy prey. If they existed there would be a never-ending suicidal train of humans longing to be Vlad's Elisabata. Male and female..lol. To me it would make more sense for vampires to be dark beings. They live forever and probably within the first 100 years have had a taste of every decadence and pleasure available, only to take the next 100 years and explore what not only can be stretched, but also can be improved. Such is the case with Christian, our not so virtuous hero. He found Juliette at a rather young age and remained fascinated with her throughout her growth into womanhood. Six years is a drop in the bucket to a vampire but the patience is quite another thing altogether. It was a six year torture for the man himself of waiting for the right time to strike. For even though he knew he would eventually destroy her, the temptation she presented pushes aside all residual human emotions with the exception of possessiveness. But could he save her? Or would she become just another on his list and in his locked room?"
"When my students and I created this, we were thinking about the story of being late to school on the first day and all of the craziness that would ensue. It was the beginning of the year, so we had read First Day Jitters recently and the humor of the first day of school was fresh in our minds."
"if the option is available.) So now I'm really wishing I had paid more attention. I probably could have just taken it back for a refund. But I decided to suck up my snobbishness and give it a try."
"Baby, baby, so beautiful."
"So on one level, it’s a “coming of age” story as Kip discovers his powers and tries to do right by people he cares about and the world at large. And he is nowhere near perfect. On another level, it’s about the stirrings of more politics and another war, as one of the satrapies tries to break off and become its own kingdom. And conflicting ideologies on whether the Chromeria or the Prism has the right to kill off magic users who might become too dangerous."
"This is the cake that I made last weekend (the Weekend of the Two Chocolate Cakes) and was the second of two that I attacked. At first, I thought I'd finish them both by 5:00 (the time the potluck party started--the one where I said I'd bring cake whether the hostess liked iti or not), but this little baby wasn't frosted at 5:00, and I was already committed to the raspberry cake anyway. This one was going to have to wait for Monday, when it would go into the office to feed some lawyers."
"Aspiring writers are told, ‘write about what you know’, so I suppose I should be grateful for having had a varied life, but it wasn’t only travelling as an adult that broadened my experience, my childhood was survived against a background of constant change. By my teens, we’d lived in as many homes as I’d had birthdays. The downside, apart from favourite books being ‘lost in the move’ ­– a family catch-phrase and favourite explanation of all things disappeared – was being always the new girl at school and a perpetual ‘outsider’. Much later in life I discovered this could be a distinct advantage to a writer."
"2. Dig the meat out of the squash and mash it together with the spices. It doesn't have to be perfect."
"Jintan: You’re always trying to care about other people too much!"
"Pet's name (current or past) Nina the best dog ever!"
"Unhappy with what would be the ensuing result, Bolívar’s delegates left the convention. After the failure of the convention due to grave political differences, Bolívar proclaimed himself dictator on August 27, 1828, through the “Organic Decree of Dictatorship.” He considered this as a temporary measure, as a means to reestablish his authority and save the republic, though it increased dissatisfaction and anger among his political opponents. An assassination attempt, in September 1828, failed."
"How did His easy yoke turned into something unbearable unless one has this knowledge that is hidden from most?"
"knowing his wife was"
"And despite being busy today cleaning the inch of nicotine off our windows in preparation for some semblance of Spring sunshine (we live in hope), I have still found time to find a little suitable music to make the day seem better!"
"1) The BEST way to get noticed is to have a unique name. I’m lucky in that way – though some of you probably still can’t figure out how to pronounce it – there is a post on it here, it’s still a great name in my opinion. Purely because, my parents half made my name up due to astrological,numerological,traditional,cultural beliefs. If you’d like me to expand, please let me know, that will be another post. Having a unique name means that so long as you have great content, you will be noticed on Search, and people tend to remember it. Also this goes without saying really, but hey, this is supposed to be informative – if you have a great name, drop it in a couple of times – new readers don’t know who you are do they?!"
"I would end the other relationship. I knew I was missing a love affair with my Heavenly Father and I was trying to meet those needs through a person."
"Ok I'm not going to lie. We may be a bit bias to the city because this awesome cafe is right across the street. Any guesses Ashley :-)"
"“What we need to do during these blue periods is to accept responsibility for our feelings and begin to take care of ourselves.” Pg 53"
"Well, I suppose we'll keep it at that then...."
"As for this week's contest, here are a few guidelines:"
"All hobbies and crafts are cyclic. The Victorians did scrapbooking, although it was somewhat different- but the word has been around for almost 200 years. Quilting comes and goes as a major activity, as does embroidery, knitting, etc. The crafts that appeal most, those that make something of lasting beauty or value, always come back into vogue. Even when they are out of style, there are always the faithful who continue to participate and pass it along to the next generation. So, scrapbooking will survive and depending on our ages, some of us might even see it come back once again as the dominant activity in the crafting world. But, in the meantime, it seems that everyone is beading and making jewelry right now."
"This Summer has been a bit of a washout. Oh ok, so I'm being a terrible cliché again and discussing the weather, but it seems that we had our Summer in April and May this year, and the majority of the time since then, poor old Blighty has been rather dreary. There has hardly been a day when I've left the house without some kind of jacket which is not how I like to think my Summer should be, and now, still in August, there is a positive nip in the air. I smell Autumn just around the corner. So ladies, of course this means, time to start planning the Winter wardrobe!!"
"“During the 10 sessions, each of which involved an injection, my sister and I were kept in separate bedrooms, darkened rooms, usually with someone present in the room, but I don’t know who the person was. Occasionally, my mother was also present. At times, I was so frightened by the hallucinations that I screamed and tried to escape from the room. I remember once actually reaching the hallway and being forcibly put back into the bedroom by my mother. I saw a wild array of images – nightmarish visions, occasionally provoking hysterical laughter, followed immediately by wracking sobs. I had no idea what was happening to me. It was terrifying."
"There are variety of interpretations available on the internet from different perspectives, ranging from spirituality to technical computer stuff, but in one way or the other most of them tend to explain the same ideology in different words. We will look at some of the important aspects of this movie."
"Former prime minister and recurrent gadfly Dr Mahathir Mohamad seems resolute on this advice: Najib should go the full distance of predecessor Abdullah Ahmad Badawi’s mandate, obtained in March 2008 which only expires five years hence."
"One could do nothing all day, every day, but collate astonishingly lunatic utterances made in 20 Western languages by Progressive heads of state and government ministers, media personalities and other celebrities, journalists and professors, and many important opportunists in the corporate world, the military, etc. who bolster the utopian juggernaut to further their own careers. The feeble-minded zillions, particularly the impressionable young, shimmy to this tune as though compelled by electrodes implanted in their frontal lobes."
"I have three cards for you today using some of the new papers I picked up from my trip to Archiever's in Round Rock last week. The first two cards are from papers from Bella Blvd and the last card is from My Mind's Eye."
"Heat the oven to 350°. Season inside the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper. Carefully slide your fingers between the skin and the breast meat; Place 2 bay leaves and a pat of butter between the skin and the breast meat. Place the chicken in a cast iron skillet. Season all over with salt and pepper. Place the chicken in the oven with the cavity facing the rear of the oven. Roast until the juices run clear when pierced in the thigh with a knife, about 1 hour. Let rest for 15 minutes. Carve and serve immediately."
"# Drink a glass filled with stubbed out cigarettes."
"I’m in the home stretch of the Spring semester now. Needless to say I’ve been going a little crazy. Between two internships and a new job I’m all kinds of exhausted. Not to mention final papers and projects galore."
"* Please remember that judging contests is never easy! Our judges have agreed to stay anonymous and are not allowed to “Like” or comment under ANY photographs. Our judges will remain anonymous amongst one another as well as to the Little Diva Tutus fan page/Twitter Page and Blog. Judges decisions are final."
"o Be the hero or heroine of their story"
"That’s the change that makes a difference."
"~ If you link your creation to any online gallery, please use the keyword 2TC2"
"Ex-Liberal Democrat leader of Liverpool City Council Warren Bradley pleaded guilty to one count of perjury at Liverpool Magistrates' Court and was ordered by District Judge Miriam Shelvey to pay a £1,000 fine, £75 in costs and a £15 victim surcharge. It follows a 10-month police investigation into how his son, Daniel, came to be nominated to stand in last year's local elections."
"Season the sauce with salt and pepper to taste. Add the drained pasta and the Parmesan cheese. Cook for an additional minute or until the cheese melts. Serve sprinkled with the bacon and chives."
"Now, normally, I am pretty glad when they have to cancel, or about going as far between them coming to our house as possible. But I had just finished making 3 gallons of fucking chili for them, not to mention enough cake to choke a fucking donkey, and twelve 2 liters of soda, which I don't drink. What was I going to do with it all??? We gave it our best effort, but only managed to eat half the cake. Ironically, we ended up taking it over to Melissa's house, when we were in the neighborhood anyway, taking the dog to my mom's house so she could dogsit for us."
"8. Make sure any important info goes straight into your new roller-derby referee folder."
"For one of my MAT classes we were given the task of \"learning something new.\" The perimeter was vast, so I can basically do anything. I thought about learning to play guitar and writing a song for the final. or finally sewing that tie-skirt... I have all the ties! Haha... I decided on a million and one things in the two weeks I had to think about it before I needed to make a decision, but finally I made my choice."
"Two more females, Sonia and her two year old daughter, Saoirse, arrived in 2009, and Sonia subsequently gave birth to a female calf, O'Grady in early 2010. The six giraffes have remained at Blackpool since."
"Take Control of Your Health"
"Are you a hireling or a Levite? My prayer for you this week is that the Lord will help you to cultivate the heart of a Levite in your workplace for His glory and honor."
"That very homogeneity, according to one view, is what lends the VPO its distinctive character - it's a feature, not a bug. In a 1996 radio interview, for example, transcribed and translated by the musicologist William Osborne, one member described the orchestra's demographic makeup as an essential component of its style."
"Snacks: Fistful of almonds and hazelnuts, 1/2 cup tea sweetened with honey"
"As usual, Mr Young gets on extremely well with Mrs Jones and, as usual, I can hear them making plans for a French trip. This happens every time the two of them get together."
"Faber & Faber, 1949, Hardback in dust wrapper."
"“Now more than ever, as the role of memory in our culture erodes at a faster pace than ever before, we need to cultivate our ability to remember. Our memories make us who we are.”"
"There isn’t much to say about Anna Calvi that hasn’t already been said – she’s absolutely huge right now. This song sounds absolutely enormous – the phenomenal production (from PJ Harvey regular Rob Ellis) jumps right out of the speakers and yells TA-DA! into your ear. It was apparently recorded using vintage analogue equipment, which explains a lot."
"So get lots of feedback from people and be sure that you aren’t weak in one area. You don’t want your brilliant manuscript to be rejected because you thought you could try your hand at illustrating it or vice versa."
"Favorite day of the week: That’s easy, Friday."
"Q. You’re tackling the first novelisation of a TV series and, at the same time, your Nic Costa books are being serialised for TV. Do you have a strong preference for one media over the other? What do you consider to be the particular strengths of each?"
"Yes and no! I can be really sarcastic at times but I am not always sarcastic."
"She was the sweetest baby I had ever seen, and my heart filled with joy instantly when she was born. It was an unexplainable wave of love that came over me, over us. It was this shear joy, this shared connection. This powerful thing that meant that she looked to us for her needs to be met and she trusted that we would meet those needs and just that wide open trust and love. It was boundless love. I still can't get over that. My brother, when we called him, he said, doesn't it feel like your heart just quadrupled in size? And he hit the nail right on the head. That was really it."
"Jennifer Jean: We are going to have a lot of music and poetry mixtures going throughout the day. We will have panels on \"songology.\" We are going to have Slam poets as well and a lot of poetry paired with music."
"And now it was quiet – I’d pass by his bed, remember him, and immediately become melancholic. This went on for days. I was going to suffer around six more release dates before my number comes up."
"I measured the yokes of all my shirt patterns for the first time. For my shoulders, the yoke shouldn't be more than 17 inches from shoulder to shoulder, a little under is even better."
"2. We both eat and use the products of our animals so it can't be called something fibre farm because that implies only harvesting wool... Besides, chickens don't have fibre."
"I’ll probably email her right when we get back from Disney. I’ll have some cool stories to send her as well as some new pictures. And nothing’s gone on in this past month that I have a burning desire to share with her (not even going near the first father situation with a ten foot pole when it comes to my first mother). So I’m hoping the email will nearly write itself! In all actuality, I’ll probably write her an email before we leave, let it sit in my draft folder, and then delete and write a whole new one after we get back. I do a lot of that…"
"It's been a crazy busy time... between my Grandma, her surgery, her heart attack, and recovery and caring for my Grandpa on top of running MY family... it seems like I am constantly running, all day, every day."
"Once again with Rell, from http://rellkeepingitreal.wordpress.com/ I am blogging this week on life, nutrition, fitness and my pregnancy! All honest. No perfection. Just Keeping it real."
"MOUSSAKA 23"
"In 1998, Rosa’s results were published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. There have been some criticisms about the testing, and doubts about the validity of the results, but Larry Sarner has already addressed these in ample detail over at Quackwatch. Even if Rosa was biased against TT, there was no real opportunity for that to affect the results; the ability that she was testing (to physically feel a human energy field) was exactly in line with what practitioners say they can do; and so forth."
"Here’s the truth. You can lead a horse to water but you can’t make him drink. I can tell you a million reasons why you should save your money, but if you’ve decided against it, then there’s not much I can do. But why don’t I remind you one more time?"
"Moody continues: “Technically, the Daily Sun broke the law when it published a picture - taken from the cellphone video of the gang rape - of the 17-year-old mentally ill girl because the media is not allowed to reveal or even hint at the identity of minors involved in crimes and court cases - and the same goes for sex-crime victims unless they give their consent (or, in the case of a minor, a parent's consent)."
"Here are a few CT pages to get your creative juices flowing.."
"They are very small and delicate, but quite lovely. The area behind our house and a natural spring that seeps up and creates a wet boggy area that is perfect for swampy woodland plants. i would really love to establish some lady slipper orchids here. i was told by a neighbor that they used to come up on our side of the creek, but i have yet to ever find them."
"dissipation power and store the energy in magma for about 10^4 years. This energy"
"We blinked and let the night air carry away the thoughts that weighted on us, driving into a world without limit, at least for the moment."
"Chokos sprout from the top of the vegetable and when you see the vine grow about 6 inches, it's ready to plant. Like any squash, it likes a rich well drained soil and plenty of organic fertiliser."
"come to fruition."
"~ John Charles, Booklist Reviews"
"Jonathan Neale of the University and College Union thought we were facing a turning point. He had marched with his own students and been moved by their banners claiming their right to learning. UCU will go on strike if the cuts go ahead, with support from the NUT and Civil Service Unions."
"Also in Chaoyang Park, it has a ropes course. First they teach you how to do it. You get 3 different hooks. There are colored cables where you hook your own carabiners. The guy spoke a little bit of English. There were 2 different ziplines – first you did your ropes course and then you’d climb to the top and take a zipline to the bottom. Then you did more course to the top and take a zipline again to the very bottom."
"Alas, Flying Fish being all bottled up and waiting for those bottles is a situation in which we all share some blame. The monster growth in craft brewing – thanks to folks drinking the beer – has thrown some curves to the beverage container industry, with some suppliers struggling to keep pace with demand."
"Living was our rebellion and we fought by preserving our culture and our way of life as much as we could. We fought the war with the only weapon available to us, civilians. We refused to be silenced. And fifteen year-old Olja was the loudest, running across sniper alleys with both of her middle fingers high up in the air, yelling ”Fuck You!”"
"protocol in the name of the president, as he’s there in the president’s stead."
"pay for muddying our grass"
"There are many different types and styles of socks if you think about it. A few of these on the list were new terms for me but, generally speaking what was “old” often is “new” again in the world of socks. I remember wearing knee highs as a young person and they were commonly worn. Knee highs are making a come-back. The twist is that they are funky and are being worn to not match on purpose. They are also being worn by people of all ages. Also popular are over-the-knee socks, leg warmers (which are worn below the knee yet above the ankle), and what is known as footless socks. They are similar to tights but have no fitted foot area connected."
"A Sky News blog reports: “Bill Nighy, the veteran British actor, has obviously touched a raw nerve in the City. Nighy’s endorsement of a global ‘Robin Hood Tax’ on the world’s banks attracted international media coverage earlier this week. In a short film to promote the launch, Nighy plays a banker who eventually agrees to a 0.05% tax on international bank transactions to raise up to £250bn annually to fight poverty and climate change in the UK and abroad. And on the website www.robinhoodtax.org supporters of the idea (slogan: “not complicated, just brilliant”) registered their enthusiasm in their thousands. Until, that is, 3.41 on the afternoon of the day of the launch, when the team behind the website noticed that opponents of the tax were suddenly registering votes at the rate of six every second. Within five minutes, the ‘No’ votes had soared from 1500 to 8000.”"
"It’s very important that you look at complete albums shot by the photographer you are interviewing. You don’t want to see a highlight or “greatest hits” album with the best shots they’ve ever taken. You need to know that he or she can capture every moment from getting ready through the ceremony and reception and take great formal shots too. If a potential photographer is not able to show you a complete album you may want to meet with someone else. That’s a red flag."
"But I could feel the sun in my face. And by then I was so hot I could pretend it was the heat from the sun I was feeling. Wear enough layers and move a little and you can make it so it feels like it's summer inside."
"Nobody can go back and start a new beginning but anyone can start today and make a new ending."
"The writing was fairly good. The conversation and even the narration utilized altogether too much slang and profanity. Listen, I don’t care if that’s how every teenager you meet speaks– I like my books clean of all such elements and grammatically correct as much as possible. There are books where the occasional swear word is permissible, but when it comes up in every conversation, something’s off."
"13. Leave work stress at home."
"Haruki Murakami - Kafka on the Shore - For those who know me well, you know I am a Murakami fan and have read almost all of them, but never this one, even though it's one of his most popular. I guess there is a time for everything. And boy was I ready for this one. I LOVE THIS BOOK!!! I love the idea of leaving books on my travels and picking up new ones, wondering who might be the next reader. This book I am still holding onto even though I finished yesterday. I am carrying it around as a bible. This book is not your average fiction read, this book is about life philosophy. Very unexpected the reader gets a line of something special on every page. There are several parallel stories which merge in the end. Each story has it's own touch of life lessons behind, in the way things are happening, as well as the actual writing. In one story a boy is running away from home and in unusual ways is finding learning in his way. In another story we are introduced to a ever so slightly retarded old man, who in his simple ways teaches the way things are in his world. His language very much contains mainly of questions which then reveal simple life philosophical statements, that are for anyone to hear. I sucked in this book so much. The individual stories are grabbing and one can not wait for the continuation. This characteristic I am used to by the author and happy to find in this book again in the most brilliant way. I will leave the book at some point as one can not afford the extra weight, but am looking forward to one day in my live picking it up again only to find the special lines. Here a sample of what I am talking about:"
"If you surprised yourself by how many times you responded yes, then this Divorce Group is DEFINATELY for you."
"I've certainly had this guy for a while; I don't think I picked it up in 2001 but it couldn't have been much later than that. Hailing from a time when relics were still a bit of a novelty, this is one I've come to appreciate for the simplicity but effectiveness of its design. UD didn't always have winners on their hands with the Winning Materials sets, but they did very well for themselves in '01, and they even capped this card off with a sweet shot of Chipper's sweet swing."
"Girls don’t watch porn. They absolutely don’t fancy porn stars. And if they did, they definitely wouldn’t admit it to anyone else. But, errr, I have a confession to make. Sometimes I do watch porn, and along with an ever increasing number of women I do fancy a porn star. James Deen has caused a furore in the States with parents accusing him of encouraging their teenage daughters to watch porn because they’re all hot for him. They’re hot for him because he IS hot (albeit in a totally non threatening way), he’s like the doe eyed heartthrob of porn. He’s not ripped with muscles, he’s skinny in an appealing way. He’s got an adorably cute smile and twinkly blue eyes and could pass for that nerd in Uni everyone fancied but no one would admit it. And he’s got a very impressive cock. 9″ of it. He’s also captivating to watch, sometimes roughly grabbing arms and hard kissing his on screen partner, constantly whispering to them as they fuck. Lots of women don’t watch porn because it’s too impersonal and completely unlike real life, but with some of his scenes you could imagine having sex like that – hell, you’d actively request it (some of his more *ahem* hardcore films aren’t included in that, what do you think I am – a pervert?!). James Deen, the porn star you totally would. Admit it, no one will think any less of you for it."
"What gets me even more is when people get offended, after the offered unsolicited advice is rejected. Even very politely with a statement like, “Well, it’s more complicated than that,” or “Based on my experience…” And then they get further offended if the person on the receiving end is even remotely ungracious, or is honest and says that their advice is not need, or asked for. And yet, we probably wouldn’t be offended if an engineer told us we really didn’t know what went into designing an airplane. We would probably admit that they were right, that we don’t know what we’re talking about."
"For now, it’s time for me to say Bye Bye Buffalo. Namaste India!"
"All of these activities are free and everyone is welcome to come and join in, however we do ask that children under 8 are accompanied by an adult."
"7) I love to write! I have written a Children’s Book and am still proofing a book I started 3 years ago."
"This year for the first time my club Smethwick Photographic Society put forward two of my images for consideration by our location federation the Midlands County Photographic Federation. I was then very pleased when the selectors put forward both pieces to the final selection for the exhibition, representing the federation. I was then rather overwhelmed when I got a phone call telling me that not only were both of my images selected for the final exhibition, but that I had been awarded the Gold Medal for the best colour print in the exhibition."
"Anyhoo, to answer some very common questions that we seem to get asked, here you go:"
"Our flower baths were conducted first thing in the morning, with each of us receiving the bath individually at the hand of don Rober."
"Our flying record isn't great. We had not flown since 2005. We were trying to book a holiday, abroad, in 2006 around the time that the terrorist bomb plot to blow up airlines, flying between Heathrow and the US, using liquid explosives, was discovered, which resulted in the current liquid restrictions. At the time there was so much uncertainty that we decided to holiday in the UK, avoiding the need for flying. This trip to Amsterdam was to be a practice, so that we could become familiar with the new regulations, in preparation for a trip, later in the year, to see husband's nephew, who is working in California. In the intervening years we have travelled by ferry to Ireland and France. It is a much more relaxed means of travelling."
"that the notecards become available for purchase,"
"The movie was filmed in Northern New Mexico. The set was left intact and has been used for other productions including “Young Guns”, “Lonesome Dove”, “Wyatt Earp”, “Last Man Standing”, “Wild Wild West” and others."
"Yogurt Parfait my style....."
"If your followers are interested in erotic romance, I’ve got two paranormal titles with Cobblestone Press that have received rave reviews, (Dhampir Desire series) and a contemporary title with Total-E-Bound called Give it to Me Spicy."
"Cass, T, Erica and I all sit on the diving board, I say, \"Erica, do you have brothers?\" and she says \"no just an older sister\" I say, \"you seem like someone who grew up around boys and lived by a river in the woods.\""
"In all my Customer Service training sessions, I still refer to the quote called: The Moment of Truth"
"How does this pertain to you, you ask? Well, I've got some GREAT new designs listed and have a ton more to come! :D As of right now, I have all of my necklaces and about half of my bracelets listed. Earrings, Twilight-inspired designs, and \"other\" are coming soon."
"While classes were going on, the teachers relaxed in the Teachers Room. We ate, drank, and were quite merry indeed, enjoying the day off and celebrating ourselves. The day ended with quite the buzz and of course, a Teachers Day concert! Ukraine sure does know how to celebrate it's teachers!"
"The guitar playing on this album is clean and tuneful, sunnier than the raw trance grooves of other Tuareg rock bands. Bombino’s songs also evoke the hardship of separation and loss, but his pain comes filtered through the shimmering veneer of a young man’s all-consuming love of nature."
"Yet another of the multitude of things I really looked forward to on my trip to the UK was a chance to see some real suits of armor up close (stop rolling your eyes my English friends). We just don't have that sort of thing in the part of America where I live, other than replicas at Renaissance themed restaurants, so I was really excited to visit the Royal Armories at the Tower of London."
"my ideas for my sister's bridal shower."
"I stretch me legs out beneath me and realize that me feet hit the ground straight away!"
"This is not something that Katie will just grow out of. She has an absolute dislike of these types of things. It is complete sensory overload for her. Yes, she will learn to cope with it, but this kind of stuff is ALWAYS going to be a challenge for her. Even though she knows having her ears cleaned and her earrings changed doesn’t hurt. Even though she WANTS it done, it is a huge source of stress for her, yet she doesn’t want to give up her pierced ears. “Normal” kids may have issues like this the first time or two it happens, but eventually they get over it. Ours won’t."
"Anyway, the image is a Daisy and Dandelion stamp. He is so cute and has a little heart on his belly. After colouring him in I matted and layered him onto kraft card. I do like the combination of brown and pink. All the papers are from First Edition and are a range called 'Love Letters'. I stamped some hearts onto the left hand side and added some gems to them. Finished the card off with some ribbon, pins and a craft expressions ribbon rose flower."
"The box has an attractive black and white print, though the idea is that you won’t be looking at it all the time. The clear window is a nice touch and helps in identifying contents. Do check the height, though – these boxes did not fit under an older wood-frame bed we have, though they should be fine under a standard metal-frame bed."
"“They're quietly engineering a revolution in marketing.” “So is it working?” is the question that the article poses. Instead of sales data, they give us a quote from some executive director of something or other. Nonetheless, the stock price has been growing nicely so I guess it is fair to assume that sales have been good."
"they're almost edible."
"Tomorrow, Saturday on Lincoln Place between New York and Brooklyn Avenues at 1:00 PM, the street where Benny lived and was killed will have his name added to it in his honor, and to demonstrate that good remains despite those who try to disrupt and destroy."
"Ohh Ohh Ohh"
"We want to wish all of our old and new followers a very Merry Christmas and heath, happiness and happy memories in the new year."
"Some are Spanish style with ironwork in the windows and red tile roof tops."
"Directed by: Christopher Nolan Starring: Christian Bale, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, Tom Hardy, Anne Hathaway, Marion Cotillard, Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman."
"By understanding what needs are being met, you are able to readjust or refocus in order to regain your motivation and get out of the stuck place you are. Shift your focus now to some of your characters and answer questions about their needs and motivations. New possibilities and back stories will possibly present themselves whilst you are doing this process and you will free yourself of your temporary writers block."
"And for decades, Rebekkah Barrow’s grandmother, Maylene, did just that. Maylene went to every funeral in town and performed the same ritual that Rebekkah witnessed over and over. She would take three sips from a silver flask and say “Sleep well, and stay where I put you.”"
"First of all, one must be a “visualist.” That isn’t a real word, but it describes what I mean. A person who is stunned by physical natural beauty (certainly not at the exclusion of aural, tactile, or emotional stimuli) possesses visual aqueducts to the world through his or her eyes. Infinitesimal flashes of stunning images move him beyond belief. These impressions are captured in his mind’s eye, never to be lost, forever to be savored. And often, when this type of writer is creating, they see the “movie in their mind,” pressing from within, allowing readers to feel intimate and involved in a scene."
"ADD in vanilla and 1 egg."
"Pinterest can be a great resource for information on endless topics, and is especially useful for families! The format is even kid-friendly – each post is highlighted by a large photo, so even kids who can’t read can help parents find fun things to do or great books to read together."
"17. A spiky, poisonous and malicious plant, the thistle was traditionally used in Scotland as a mark of Cain, to stigmatise the outcast, the degenerate and the marginal. Remnants of the practice can be seen in such names as Partick Thistle, Inverness Caledonian Thistle, and Scottish rugby. If you see a man wearing a thistle in his lapel today, he's probably a Conservative or a paedophile."
"I confess I do not like (or agree) with all the political observations that Maass makes in his book. Granted, we both have very skewed perceptions of the conflict and the external circumstances. And even more important for the reader, I am neither a historian nor a political scientist (positions that would allow me to make an educated opinion on why people can be convinced to kill a friend, a neighbor, even a complete stranger just by the manipulation of others)."
"\"Not my problem,\" his supervisor said, raising a hand dismissively as he turned to walk away, \"I'll send Rita to take over, and I want you to leave as soon as she gets here.\""
"I used MFT's Fishtail Flags STAX Die-namics for the panel and sentiment banners. For finishing touches I added a button and gingham ribbon!"
"Slapped the bitch. The words echoed in his head with a dull throbbing pain."
"Know the purpose of the relationship."
"Hears our weeping any more?"
"The Trapezoid is just one of the many rookie errors that new knitters make. Even if you don’t end up with an actual trapezoid, sometimes even more advanced knitters will end up with extra stitches in their rows. One in our group was working with ribbon yarn for the first time and she had the devil of a time keeping the stitches from slipping or accidentally increasing in the middle of her rows. Three days ago, I ended up with an extra stitch in a sleeve I was knitting. I realized, to my chagrin, that I had not counted the slip knot at the beginning of my cast-on as a stitch. I’ve not made that mistake in years, but I had cast-on in a hurry, and wasn’t paying attention. Pride goeth before the frog(ging) …"
"I sensed after just one mouthful that any great detail, entered into at any great length, may ultimately prove hard to sustain."
"Uncle Pete was always smiley, always even-tempered (quite a feat if you knew Aunty Celia) and had time for everybody. I always cried myself to sleep when he left after a visit and the last time I saw him was the morning I flew on my (first) honeymoon. They'd stayed with my parents and come to wave us off at the airport. If I'd known then that this would have been the last time I'd ever see him, I don't think I'd have got on the plane - I'd have rather spent a fortnight in his company than on some remote island with a man I wasn't going to stay married to for more than five years."
"Talk Talk Living in another world UK"
"While in Paris, I did step a little out of my tea-salon comfort zone and explored other stores as they appeared on my walks. One that drew me in a couple of times was Dammon Frères over by the Place des Vogses. After careful sniffing and studying, I picked three teas to try back home (plus a gift for someone who needed a professional thank you). One is the Réglisse pictured at the right above--a black tea so strongly scented, I keep it double wrapped and hidden in its own drawer. (It's insane stuff.) In brief, here's my impression of Dammon Frères: How I wish I had bought more. The tea is earthier, so the flavors aren't quite so bright--and that's not a criticism. These teas live in the shade of a forest and the shadow of falling light. Since they aren't available in the States (as far as I can tell), I see an overseas order happening either now or when fall comes. I'm thinking now since \"Soleil Vert\" (the gifted tea, which the person opened right then and shared with me) is one of the most beautiful I've ever tasted. For me, that's worth the high cost of shipping."
"Ho-hum!. The article goes into great deliberations as to why that might be and what it means to the opposition. It all depends on how you phrase it. After all, without any MSM coverage (of overwhelming importance in most of Russia where people do not read blogs all that much) one in four Russian does know who the man is and has an opinion on whether his stories are more or less accurate, why the authorities keep summoning him and whether he would make a good president (overwhelmingly, the answer is no, incidentally)."
"After our coffee, we tramped around the city streets. Tremont is a neighborhood of streets coming together at odd angles. It is a wacky mixture of decaying old homes, renovated old homes, churches, and new condos. Despite the good inventory of dumpy homes and the lack of people walking around outside, I still felt pretty safe walking around during the day. We avoided the sketchier looking streets and tramped up and down the ones that looked a little more cared for. At one point I was able to stand and count 4 – 5 churches within a block of each other. Cleveland has more churches than any other city I have ever been to."
"An excellent post, which provides a concise timeline of all the events leading up to today’s guilty verdict, can be read HERE. If anyone else has blogged on the issue then feel free to leave a link in the comments."
"As soon as she was gone, I threw the tray with the dissected doughnuts away."
"Unwins ideas on street bye laws were highly influential."
"There's one of them here his name's on the poster outside -"
"I will recommend this one again and again."
"7. Need to shut off soon"
"Streusel Topping:"
"The end result was that within an hour we had three blue vans, and got it all back working. Nobody'd been told what was going on, and the gas men said \"Things have been busy\". I pointed out that the street has a high number of elderly, housebound people, and without heat, for a little longer, they could expect hypothermia, some, my mother's neighbour, Margaret, for instance has senile dementia, she wouldn't know to call for help."
"In a Dutch oven or heavy pot, melt butter over medium heat. Add flour and garlic; cook, whisking, 1 minute. While whisking, gradually add milk; bring to a simmer, whisking frequently. Add mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes; cook 1 minute. Turn off heat, gradually stir in Monterey Jack cheese and 1/2 cup Parmesan."
"How are you affected by warmth and touch?"
"I have noticed it's causing me to think about things a lot more, making me focus my thoughts and try and wrestle them into some sort of cohesive and presentable shape. I still don't know what sort of poet I am (if you ever actually know) so I'm just throwing everything at it. It's a boon when something happens to you during the day as it gives you something to grab onto, but I do enjoy just sitting down and writing till something appears. It also means I'm actually committing to something and so far have managed to sit down and write something everyday. I wrote my first drunk poem the other night and even though it's pretty poor, I'm rather proud I did it. I wish now I'd left in all the spelling mistakes and mis-typed wobbly bits."
"I love the little moon poster and thought it would be great to add a little bit of pink to the girl nursery. I also found the fabric in the upper left that only hints at pink. (Can you tell we're not planning on having a princess-pink room?)"
"- Oh, and Valentine's Day is this Sunday, of course. What I do love is eavesdropping, and so this collection of overheard love stories (if you can call them that) from San Francisco. With charming lines like \"If he can't figure out the public transportation system, well... I don't want you dating him\", how can you resist?"
"ROCHESTER, NY, Oct 8, 2003 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ — A recent Harris Poll finds that 16% of all adults have at least one tattoo. The highest incidence of tattoos was found among the gay, lesbian and bisexual population (31%) and among Americans ages 25 to 29 years (36%) and 30 to 39 years (28%). Regionally, people living in the West (20%) are more likely to have tattoos."
"So, what exactly are these extra ingredients? Well, there are as many as 6,000 chemicals and additives put into ready-made processed foods. These foods, if you wanna call ‘em that, are also made with the likes of trans fats, high fructose corn syrup, saccharin or monosodium glutamte (MSG) just to name a few."
"I hear this comment once in a while. What I rarely hear is \"We haven't danced in a while, is there any particular reason?\" Because there is generally a reason and if you knew the reason you can make an informed decision on doing or not doing something about it."
"After that the centre became a big Bloodbowl match, goblins going down easily, but dwarves falling here and there and hurting a lot more. For reinforcements I only rolled 2s and 3s, so there were between 4 and 6 new spearmen every turn!"
"Babe Ruth - U.S. All-Stars"
"For years our \"schooling\" is a bit of a blur, I'm afraid. I was pretty young! I know that we had various school books and programs and stuff, but the only thing I can ever remember my mom actually trying to force was math. We did lots of fun science experiments, as well as watching Nova and Nature and similar shows avidly (I say we, because my sister reached school age with no one ever suggesting she go to school, so we just continued to learn together!). My mom always read aloud to us, poetry, stories, the newspaper, and I started actually reading at age 8 or 9 when she was reading Harry Potter too slowly for my taste! We never did book reports, though I'd enthusiastically tell my mom about whatever book I was reading. None of us considered that \"schooling\". We considered it life! I memorized poetry, and wrote both poetry and stories before I could even read (I'd narrate them to mom ;-)). My sister ad I would play spelling games for fun, and we relished our regular trips to the library, where we'd get whatever books we wanted (Emi would always max out her card, ending up with huge piles of books that my mom and I would then end up carrying, since she was too little!). Throughout this time period, my mom would tell everyone that we were doing \"child-led\" homeschooling."
"The principal features of the twin Rouanet Infant and Junior schools are the curved, art deco style facade of the infant school, the large layered chimney that sprouts up behind this and the intricate brickwork design along the majority of the walls. It is this brickwork though which is the most striking and unusual, with the large three-story street facing walls being covered in a diamond criss-cross pattern. If this pattern seems familiar, it is because it is seemingly based on a medieval design known as the Diapper style. Traditionally, as can be seen on Henry VIII’s Hampton Court Palace, this design was created using different coloured bricks, but the twist on this school building is that the effect is three-dimensional, with the diamond forms jutting out from the flat wall."
"The collection deals with all sort of issues, problems and experiences which will be so familiar to primary age kids - such as tests, wet play, the class hamster -"
"Catastrophe."
"I love everything about this shot… her pose, the colors, the angle but most of all, the bright reflection on the window next to her which I purposely wanted to capture. I really love this composition."
"Definition: stubbornly continuing on, despite opposition, difficulty, or danger"
"The rigid religious types, of all religions, in all countries, will be"
"Just finished stretching and gessoing 40 canvases. Ready to paint for the year!!!"
"Gabriel is very present in my mind, as I trace her gorgeous little face and see the familial similarities, as I hold her and remember holding him. The joy is undiluted, but the sadness is also present. Vivienne does not replace him, never would we dream of asking her to, but the hole in our hearts and lives is differently shaped now - stronger in some areas and more raw in others."
"Here they are at 4 hours, they looked nice but I felt they could go longer:"
"Then it was Asafa Powell's turn. Like Fraser, Powell had been beaten twice this year by Mike Rodgers (US) this year's break through sprinter. Powell, like Fraser, blitzed the start, and ran free and clear of the field winning in a romp in 10.07. Compatriot Steve Mullings was 2nd in 10.29 with Rodgers a far back third in 10.30."
"Son: A type of lettuce."
"A trend exists to separate patent and know-how royalty payments in licence agreements. There are several reasons for this:"
"My first experience of The Darkside was watching the Brit Awards in either 90 or 91. It was the one where Jonathan King proclaimed his fondness of Carter USM. The Darkside appeared in a Live Music Weekend type event. It was a 10 second clip of them and I was blown away. While the other shoegazers were gangling away The Darkside were going for the audio jugular."
"1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese"
"A: Michael Jackson’s hand."
"KATE BUSH"
"Last night’s Voice was a disappointment. There were too many slow songs and underwhelming performances. Other than a few upset performances from contestants I was rooting against up until now, the bright spots were the sudden eliminations of Pip and James Massone. Let’s see who else has to stop appearing on my TV."
"Robin is no more responsible for my death than a train driver who runs over a guy who jumped on the tracks. She may be driving the train but she never made me jump. It will be me swallowing the drugs, knowing they bring death. The eating, too, is my request. Robin doesn’t even really want to – she’ll be doing it for me. And I’ll be alive at that point, so it’s not even illegal."
"Hamas would view any future agreement between the Palestinian Authority and Israel not as a permanent peace treaty but rather as a truce, a senior Hamas official told a Jewish newspaper."
"Stay in jail or not:"
"We celebrated the knowledge of what he was struggling with, we celebrated progress however small, we enjoyed him, and let him guide us that day. Unfortunately, the weather sucked, so our original plan for the zoo (and for letting him lead us around on foot at his own pace) was not an option. We decided to hit the aquarium. Interestingly, this is what we did for his birthday weekend last year, but I'm happy to say that this year he had so much more fun."
"Here is the way I made the cake:"
"Sick. Watching TV for days on end, sweating furiously but too bored to pull the covers off. Filthy feet. Filthy legs. Separated by a valley of cigarette ends. Stuffing our faces full of fatty, greasy foods. Shutters down. Apartment crawling with bugs. Toilet blocked. Sick. We were so fucking sick."
"Where do you get your inspiration or your motivation?"
"You are what you read. Trashy romance novels? Congratulations. You’re a trashy romantic. Probably."
"We are planning to go back to Haiti. If we could leave tomorrow as a family (with adoptions legalized and done), we would. But we have a circus full of bureaucratic hoops to jump through and processes to tread. It takes time. We moved to Kansas because we have family here and we were quoted a shorter time to process legal adoption paperwork in this state. My brother and his family opened their home to us, and for the time being we are calling Kansas home. Whether that is for the next month or more, we can't be sure."
"I guess he's content to be hidden, seeing as how people seek his BBQ out without so much as a website, although others put his store on theirs. Vencil's been doing it his own way for a while--he's 87, you see, and has an air of being proud of what he does without the need to glorify it. Although if you ask him about being one of the best BBQ joints in Texas he'll probably get up and walk behind the counter to get you an autographed copy of the September 26, 2010 Taylor Daily Press, in which he was featured."
"Finally, begin now to make sure the worst never happens. Put together an action plan of exactly what you need to do to turn things around. By focusing on positive changes and implementing your action plan, your focus will shift to the positive outcomes and away from your fears. You will begin to feel better because now you can DO SOMETHING! Positive action is the only cure for fear and worry. Try this formula today and see if it will work for you. It has worked for me, if it hasn’t I wouldn’t be writing this blog. I would like to see people succeed and be the voice that I never had in my life, in your life to tell you that you can succeed, your dreams can come true, and through God all things are possible."
"The fourth song on the album also happens to be the fourth song in a row that sorts of"
"Male Hiker: \"Apparently it got really hard to see and they decided to hunker down for the night.\""
"- Remember to link back to 2TC in your post"
"Our platonic relationship continued for a while until a Fulbright Fellowship propelled me to Paris and the Sorbonne. Linky had promised to write me faithfully, but all I got was a couple of letters in large, touchingly schoolgirlish handwriting and with rather noncommittal content. And then complete cessation. I surmised that she had found another swain, and I, in Paris of all places, found other young ladies much more forthcoming."
"He recalled in a 1996 interview:"
"125g self raising flour, sifted"
"Here is the game:"
"At home, we reluctantly allowed C to do two things: eat his meals away from the family table (on a desk in our kitchen, facing away from the rest of us) and wear his ear buds with his music playing during meals so he couldn't hear us. This has helped a bit; he does inhale his entire plate of food in like 90 seconds so he can get away from us entirely, but at least he's in the room with us up until then so we still have the barest illusion of family mealtime. We've learned that the only real medical treatment for misophonia so far is anti-anxiety medication, but since C is only 15 and has a lot of weird issues with medication like I do (strange side-effects, etc.) we wanted to try something gentler first, so I bought him some nutritional supplements for anxiety that seemed to take the edge off somewhat. He's been taking two before school every day and for a while they seemed to get him through with just a baseline anxiety -- not as many spikes. However, the supplements aren't really working so well anymore."
"Lonergan and Lenczewski's transition shots are almost uniformly masterful. This is where much of the film's real alchemy lies, I suspect. A shot of high school boys ogling a female gym teacher cuts to a scene between Lisa and her own teacher-crush, Mr. Aaron (Matt Damon). A late-night mother-daughter conversation is preceded by an exterior view of the family apartment, where it's possible to see through a nearby frosted window that the Cohens' neighbors are up and active at the witching hour too. Typing out descriptions seems to rob these transitions of their power; they seem more banal or heavy-handed than they appear when occurring on screen. But I think they're one of Lonergan's key techniques in constructing a world and our sense of Lisa's place in it. Movies usually show us how an individual might react to love, lust, fear, pain, death, etc. Margaret shows us that, and also gives us glimpses of evidence that everyone in the world is reacting to the same forces all the time. I can't take seriously the critiques of the film which consider unnecessary the Manhattan cityscapes Lonergan and his editors frequently use as transitions between scenes with dialogue."
"Next, a letter in the mail arrived from Optus, apologising very nicely, and cancelling the debt without admitting any liability. Wonderful! I just wanted to get on with my life. I don't care where the mix-up happened, I was just glad it was over."
"Chances are your palate is under-developed. No worries, everyone has this at one point in life, and few develop it passed \"average\". Now, I'm no expert in flavor detection, I'm still developing my palate. Perhaps there's no 'end-game' in palate improvement...an ongoing process. Yet, once you get started, you'll be glad you did."
"Yes!!! All your sweet comments really moooove me and that is the reason behind this particular card. I love this stamp set from Lawn Fawn so much and of coarse creating CAS cards....so to give the CAS card a bit of special touch, I masked the square and made a small scene with hills...dont you just love em! I put some twine around the Cow's neck as the belt for the bell as it really looks wonderful."
"“That’s why these local council elections matter so much and in these local elections, we are campaigning on issues rooted in real lives, in everyday experience, everyday problems, such as jobs, the NHS, living standards and crime."
"When the SWAT team is called to an emergency they bring an arsenal of tools with them, and one of the most effective is explosives to breach, or help open doors quickly."
"Marley’s face became pained as he remembered."
"For our salvation."
"This technique of coloring the stamp with markers and then stamping on the First Edition DSP was demonstrated at the SU Retirement Party last Friday. Since the Inspired by Nature set is another one getting the old heave-ho to make room for new stamps, we used this for one of the make & takes, bidding it a fond adieu."
"It is time for a new Freshly Brewed Challenge!"
"What is the strangest or most unusual experience you have had at a book signing, author event, or literary festival?"
"5:54AM. There is at last a figure."
"Goals from Gonzalo Higuain, Mesut Ozil and Cristiano Ronaldo sealed their 32nd league crown."
"About Antony Gormley:"
"Accessories - Fancy Favor die, Labels Framelit die, Heart to Heart Punch, diamond jewel, small scallop punch, very vanilla seam binding, brads"
"Until we do, their will never be world peace, and we can protest, think positive thoughts, study Zen ,do affirmations till the cows come home, but until strong, moral, responsible action is taken, regardless of public opinion, we are guilty of being the one good man that does nothing."
"I don't care. Shoot him again."
"I got my first \"big girl job\" and thought surely I had become an adult... oh boy was I still wrong."
"07. Grace"
"Yeah, so I’m moving to Maryland and away from Florida and all, and while thinking about how I’m almost out of 9th grade, I realize that I feel almost NO attachment to the people at school. Really. I mean, is that weird? That I don’t care about leaving the people I know so well? I could count on my two hands how many people at school I’m going to miss. I could not, however, count how many people talk to me about their secrets and problems."
"Palmer, who also believes London seems like a great place to spend “illicit loot,” adds, “There’s a prestige about being able to bring your assets and your wealth into the UK.”"
"It was also great to see two of my friends work on the same page! Suzie of Urban Road and Maree of Little Branch."
"To shine me with is now fade out"
"Stuck out on the fringes of Paris, not far from the péripherique in the down-at-heel (but gradually gentrifying) 20th arrondissement, Mama Shelter is a neighbourhood anomaly. Interior designed by Philippe Starck, it has all the hallmarks you’d expect of the ubiquitous designer. Polished concrete walls, low lighting, oversized lamp shades and lots of black."
"There needs to be a cohesive fight for injustice for all of humanity; if you want to march wearing your black hoodie don’t just wear it in remembrance of Treyvon, where it for all who have been killed unjustly–from all ethnic backgrounds. Continue the protest of the innocent from big cities like NYC to small villages in Pakistan."
"Perhaps our dreams can only be appreciated and savored fully when achieving them takes all that we have got. Perhaps we are to walk those lonely and difficult paths to learn those vital lessons that will become our old age wisdom. Maybe if I would have been granted all that I wanted at an early age, I would never have been where I am now nor would I have seen what I have seen. Additionally, I would have not appreciated what I have been blessed with so passionately and valued it so strongly. Maybe the best is worth waiting for."
"Marathon will take you there!"
"Way too cheap for what they are. I didn’t fully realize this until I got a player with a lot of equalization choices. Then I discovered that t…"
"886. Chilled Tomato & Cilantro Soup @ Starlight Café (Greenville, NC) 1:12 p.m."
"# 2 West yuanmingyuan Road, Beijing 100193 China"
"We have within all of us a wonderful power that most of us under utilize. Athletes have been using it for eons, and peak performers in all professions have been jumping on the bandwagon. That power is called visualization. The consistent practice of visualizing the achievement of your goals – seeing them complete and achieved – seeing yourself winning! Visualization of your goals and desires accomplishes four essential things."
"The debate focused on the situation following the Arab Spring, amidst reports that minorities have been left worse off following the revolutions throughout the region."
"I never, for a minute, thought I'd be a part of a meal presented to a Royal couple, but here I am in Ottawa, in the kitchen at The Governor General's Rideau Hall watching food being prepped for tomorrows's reception."
"That was basically the conversations I was having to deal with at work today."
"I just used regular ol' paint brushes if I remember correctly, with all the grooves I decided to take the risk of brush marks since rolling would just be one more step. But brush marks really weren't so bad, they were barely visible, since we lightly sanded in-between each coat!"
"What can you tell people that will enlighten their lives? You don't have to be a dynamo, but you must appeal emotionally, logically or both. Your message must be both informative and entertaining. Don't think of it as a 'speech' - you are talking WITH your audience."
"So this paper is trying to ‘explain’ the descrepancy between the energy output of Io and the amount of energy gained by Io from tidal forces. You will notice, however, that the author has not quantified or qualified the statement “the heat produced by Io and radiated from its surface appears to be greater than the amount of heat generated by tidal dissipation ”. It is also admitted that “Planetary scientists today generally believe that the tidal dissipation mechanism is an adequate source of heat to drive Io’s volcanism and explain Io’s high surface temperatures.”. Therefore, the paper needs to show that there is indeed a discrepancy here, and that the only explanation for this is that Io is exceedingly young – in the order of a few tens of thousands of years."
"We served this with BBQ Pork Tenderloin sliders, which made the perfect combination! (CV made the sliders so I don't have a recipe, but if we make it again, I'll be sure to watch carefully so I can post it!)"
"-In March, after almost a year of self-publishing, I didn’t want to lose my thunder, so I needed to buckle down and write a sequel to “Year of the Chick.” So…I took a week off work and wrote 58,000 words in six days. That was a crazy experience that I wrote about here, and because I focused everything on making that draft, I am now in the comfortable first-revision mode, and right on track with my deadline to release the sequel (June 7th! )."
"Some scripture on the fruit and gifts of the spirit"
"I'm really just faffing about tonight, but it's all under the guise of practising what I've been learning in my Photoshop class..."
"That Ain't My Wife by Swamp Dogg"
"Not so."
"If you don’t love it and/or you don’t use it, it’s clutter. It’s the perfect time to embrace the Feng Shui art of uncluttered living. Feng Shui teaches that if energy can easily flow through a room, your life will be more harmonious and happy–and clutter is an obstacle to reaching this relaxed and calm state."
"So, this is the first entry of my first blog, carved in electronic-stone at 13:18 on Sunday, December 4th 2011."
"One of the things I’ve found most interesting about The Voice thus far is their tolerance of allowing acts that are already somewhat established to appear on the show, something that is often considered an unfair advantage on the other shows. Over in the UK, these ‘already established’ artists auditions often turn out to be comical. We had one of the mateys from 90s boyband 5ive appear the other week who laughably failed to impress the judges with his woeful singing voice, and acted as a firm reminder why most of us sure as hell don’t miss 5ive and their cheesy pop ditties. The case that struck me perhaps most significantly, however, was when news broke that Juliet Simms appeared on the US version of the show earlier this year. For those who are unaware, Juliet Simms is the frontwoman of alternative rock band Automatic Loveletter, and has appeared on songs by the likes of Cartel and most famously All Time Low‘s fan-favourite ballad ‘Remembering Sunday’. She is an immense talent with an extraordinary and unique voice that is a far cry from the generic pop diva whine. When she sings a song, you can feel the raw passion coursing through each and every note, and she has been completely understated as a vocalist for quite some time. After her audition was shown on The Voice, millions and millions of people got to witness her absolutely bedazzling rendition of ‘Oh Darling’ by The Beatles (which if you haven’t heard, you can get an earful of below), and the judging panel had nothing but sincere appraisal after listening to her golden voice. She was quite rightly given a place on the show, choosing soul icon Cee-Lo Green as her mentor, and is now in the midst of competing in the elimination rounds of the show."
"Three needle bind off is often recommended for shoulder seams, but it can be used anywhere that two lines of live loops come together and require a sturdy seam to connect them."
"Among those tolerant voices was unhinged Hollywood liberal idiot Roseanne Barr, who is also running for President under the Green Party (Twitchy)."
"2. Listen First, Talk Second: It’s difficult to hear what somebody’s trying to say if you’re interrupting them, or even if you’re thinking of what to say next while they are talking. We all have co-workers who LOVE to listen to themselves talk, however try listening first and speaking second and you will gain tremendous respect from them, and you may actually learn something while you’re at it."
"I would rate this a 1, Pay Full Price Guilt Free. This is a book you will read time and again."
"You have a masterpiece inside you, too, you know. One unlike any that has ever been created, or ever will be."
"You know, ancient armies used to spread salt around to destroy the lands they conquered. To subjugate those who relied on said land and destroy them too. So the next time you wanna be ‘the salt of the Earth’, how ’bout you do it in a way that gives things a little flavor and makes it a little more enjoyable instead of spreading wholesale destruction?"
"I’ve used blog sites in the past, but found that I largely couldn’t stick with them for one reason or another. It is with some irony, that the metrics for one of my past blogs shows steady activity, despite my not updating actively in a year."
"Second, make the curriculum as narrow, rote, and regimented as you can. This makes it possible for low-skilled “teachers” to “teach.” All they need do is maintain order while drilling students in mindless memorization and robotic repetition. By all means avoid messy things like context, nuance, values, complexity, reflection, depth, ambiguity—all the things that actually make for true intelligence. It’s too hard to teach those things and, besides, you need intelligent, experienced people to be able to do it. Stick with the model: Profitable equals simplistic and formulaic. Go with it."
"Let’s hear them, and anything else you would care to discuss on this open thread."
"and kisses Major Nelson"
"We didn’t like Less Than Zero as much as Rules Of Attraction or American Psycho. It had all the nihilism, and only a little bit of the fun. At least there were big, trippy parties in Less Than Zero. In The Informers, we pretty much only get the bad / non-fun / nihilism side. Oh, there’s some sex. But nobody in this movie seems to really be having fun. We’re presented with a conflict for 1.5 hrs, and there is never really a solution. Things just get worse."
"While this is baking you can prepare your salad ingredients and cook your tempeh. I used a generous amount of romaine and green leaf lettuce, as well as some raw brocolli, shaved carrots, sliced radishes, chopped celery, and topped off with some alfalfa sprouts! But any veggies you have will work!"
"You should make a stand"
"The number of individuals sensitive to fragrances is growing, according to this article titled Dangerous Fragrances. As many as 30 percent of people show some type of physical reaction to scented products—and for some, the reaction can be severe."
"As you exhale send that feeling of peace to the families of Ruby, Shaun and Summer."
"Logos is not perfect. Highlighting and note taking is not yet implemented and occasionally the program crashes. This is likely due to running multiple apps, so I usually shutdown other apps before spending time in Logos. These problems will be addressed in future versions. (An Andriod version of the Logos App is in beta. This review applies to version 1.3.7). (UPDATE: Logos 2.0 includes notes, highlighting, and stability)."
"Do you wish to provide your child an advantage when it comes to education and life? Then consider piano lessons."
"Mom - Happy Birthday my biggest baby."
"I'm sure we could spend all kinds of time trying to equate different family members between the two, but suffice to say that both families are politically connected, powerful, and have the unfortunate draw of death before their time."
"I present to you…. My first ever ceramics bowl!!!"
"Myrnin pumping a sawed-off shotgun ‘with unsettling enthusiasm’ and calling “Let’s go hunting, shall we?”"
"Via Tom Waits.com: The disc is Waits’ first studio album of all new music in seven years and refines the music that has come before and signals a new direction. Waits, in possibly the finest voice of his career, worked with a veteran team of gifted musicians and longtime co-writer/producer Kathleen Brennan. From the opening horn-fueled chug of “Chicago,” to the closing barroom chorale of “New Year’s Eve,” \"Bad As Me\" displays the full career range of Waits’ songwriting, from beautiful ballads like “Last Leaf,” to the avant cinematic soundscape of “Hell Broke Luce,” a battlefront dispatch."
"- Take him/her for a walk in the morning and at night?"
"for your business"
"Now if you'll excuse me I need to go and criticise every little thing my daughter does as she kindly makes me lunch. Because there we have the only valid reason for procreation. Revenge."
"This room is not completed, but I could not wait to show you guys a peek of what I did yesterday. I showed you the stencil that I was making, which is inspired by Quadrilles Wildflowers II fabric."
"My buttons widths here are 210px, so for 2 column you get 3 buttons, and for 3 column 4 buttons. You can make them narrower or wider, it depends how many links you need."
"05 Pin - Libel (The Lost Book Mix) (5:54)"
"This will be my last project with the Sweet Stamp Shop as I am stepping down from the design team. Thank you so much to the owners for being such a joy to work with! It's meant so much to me for being a part of your design team!"
"Lady GaGa is fun, I hope, and the latest thing to hit the pop phenomenon charts in recent times. She doesn’t appear to be a brief encounter on the pop scene and looks like she has more staying power than most would like to give her credit for. Lady Gaga seems to understand that having nice legs and perky breast is not a big deal and an artist has to be more – like almost naked in public – if an artist wants to make it in the competitive world of pop music. If she becomes a vegetarian and takes up yoga early, Lady GaGa will last longer than Madonna’s marriages and most bikini wax jobs."
"With the war’s end in sight following Lee’s surrender at Appomattox, the cherished Mr. Lincoln looked forward to happier times that didn’t involve so much bloodshed. He had about ten good days between the war’s end and his fateful appointment with John Wilkes Booth. The dashing actor was obviously jealous of Lincoln’s by-now rugged good looks, and shot him at close range shouting “sic semper tyrannis” which, loosely translated, means “I hate you because you’re beautiful.”"
"A final point"
"Fresh laundry"
"Ruby Cole knows the world has gone wrong when the government pays hunters to kill birds she loves to count. They rationalize the kills on a deadly flu fever blamed on birds, but do nothing about dust storms, fires and deadly felonious activity. Her Colorado no longer has room for a Moon Bird or for that matter her."
"What were the publishers thinking?"
"evening moves on toward morning and I have come full circle."
"I am sorry it has taken me so long in between posts. I have been shopping up a storm, and making over a fireplace for my bedroom. I just need to find my battery charger plug for my camera and I will be all ready to go."
"And then today, I completely chanced upon another one. I noticed a guy in HEB carrying a six-pack that was clearly a New Belgium product, but not one I had ever seen before. And as I've noted before, just seeing that familiar red label on that peculiar brown bottle with the ring around the neck is all the recommendation I need. And sure enough, it's a winner. It's called 2 Below Ale (actually, it's 2 [degrees] Below Ale, but blogger won't allow me to make that little superscript circle), and it has a rich, warming flavor. Hints of orange, drizzled in brown sugar and butter, and heavy on the roasted malts. Mmmm."
"A novel set in a posh Dublin school is a far cry from the worlds of Roddy Doyle’s Barrytown or Dermot Bolger’s Finglas. Did you deliberately choose a radically different social setting with “Skippy Dies?” Or was this a purely instinctive, natural narrative backcloth? Well, I didn’t choose it just to be different. It was a world that I knew very well, which had the added attraction of having been somewhat under-represented in Irish books. In fact I had the suspicion, rightly or wrongly, that that world, the ‘posh school’ as you call it, and the boring, anonymous suburbs where so many people live now, weren’t seen as being worth writing about. They were seen as being less ‘Irish’, less authentic and therefore less fit subject for literature than more ‘real’ settings like the west of Ireland, for instance. That idea, that some places and some people are more real than others, and that we should all be writing novels about old peasant women scrubbing their butter churns, really bothers me. Maybe the suburbs are less real and less authentic. But the people living there are still people, and their experiences of this unreal world are absolutely real. So I wanted to write about that world I knew so well, and I wanted to write about it via teenagers – they’re the ones who experience suburbia most directly, because they’re stuck there. And again, teenagers seemed to be seen as kind of infra dig in Irish novels, so I wanted to give them their turn."
"that is coming up in 1 Corinthians....)"
"The Israeli government’s policy of connecting settlements to already scarce water supplies and restricting Palestinian movement and access in Occupied Territory, including establishing a secondary road system to separate Palestinian and Israeli traffic makes matters worse."
"Today, King Arthur's daughter Rhianna Pendragon rides into the world of men on her first adventure. She'll be visiting several other blogs over the next few weeks, so keep your eyes open (she rides a mist horse that's prone to vanishing, so you might need to look twice). Here she is..."
"When I heard my ex mention “friends arrested”, I automatically assumed the worst and I panicked. I thought it had something to do with me and the business I had previously been involved in. Paranoid much?… you have no idea. Chalk that up to one of the many side effects of coming off of drugs…more of which I’ll explain later and in future blogs to come. This is why I can’t stress enough about how badly drugs fuck your whole shit up."
"Most actors think their first priority after moving to LA is to get an agent.I disagree.I think the first priority should be to build a body of work.Become a pro so that you are valuable to an agent.No agent wants to sign a non-union newbie.It’s not their job to get you ready.Join NowCasting.com or LACasting.com and submit yourself for non-union work. Get experience.These websites require you to pay a monthly fee for their service.I would normally warn you about places that charge you a fee, but NowCasting and LACasting are legit businesses.You post your photo and resume.They post casting notices for student films, short films, non-union work and some commercials.You are able to submit yourself for work and hope you get a request to audition.I have friends who work all the time doing this.It is a great way to get commercial work.I think the website LACasting.com submits their non-union members to commercial agents as part of their service.(You need to live in LA to participate.)"
"“It was so moving. I felt like I was watching these incredible creatures move across a landscape before man was around,” Mr. Brandt said."
"Peter is one of my least favorite typical colors of horses (medium colored nondescript bay with no markings) but he's got a cute face and I bet he'll get a nicer coat once he gets some good food and grooming in him."
"Sicko:in hell,sorry im late .hey lets order something to eat and wao you are looking pretty,seems like a girl in Shroud."
"Facebook and other self-contained, monitored sites became the safe place to meet. Who wants to be harassed by total strangers? When does \"arguing\" end, and actual harassment, hatred and stalking begin? (And who decides?)"
"Although organisers of public gatherings must bear some responsibility when things get out of hand due to their action or inaction, this does not and cannot excuse the response of the police."
"9. iXpenselt"
"Monday: high-level question, direct instruction/note taking (15 min.), prolonged independent reading, and answer to question; HW: 30 minutes reading and 15 minutes practice"
"So I explained that we had gotten together a group with the express intent of sitting here on the edge of this bandit camp so we could kill as many bandits as possible. For the experience and the drops, I added."
"So flowery. right? I paper pierced the apron and use the same PP for tying around the jar. This was a super quick creation. I managed to create this in merely 10 minutes -from printouts to cutting to coloring and arranging :)). I just love this apron - color and flowers. This is on my wish list ;) shhh!!! :)."
"Papers green Color'Core and white cardstocks (rubbed with DI)"
"My first thought was relief; the young actors playing Prosper, Bo, the Thief Lord and the other children are perfect. The movie was filmed on location in Venice, and the city, with its mix of old and new and with hints of magic everywhere, was beautifully captured. Readers who loved the book will enjoy this film; and viewers who didn't read the book will have no problem following the story."
"for healing, as I was unharmed"
"Liljequist based his initial observations on changes in his own irises after illnesses and injuries, publishing writings and eye drawings during the late nineteenth century. One of his students, Dr. Henry Lahn, brought the practice of iridology to the United States."
"Here are the $150 covers currently available. Click on them to make them bigger. First come, first serve."
"From the bottom of my heart I wish you a joyful Easter!"
"Why, for what reasons?"
"Also, check out my Etsy shop. I have a bunch of stamps for sale and hope to be listing some die cut rosette butterflies in various colors along with die cut felt, chipboard and cork."
"in Bangladesh last weekend, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was confronted with a question she said \"hurts me so much.\""
"Ultimately Marty Nodell becomes art associate on the book with Vol 7, #30 (Jan/50) and contributed a ton of cartoon illustrations. He kept the position, at least via the credit pages, until Vol 7, #35 (Sept/50). Here is his credit in Vol 7, #31 (Feb/50):"
"How did you guys form?"
"3) Al fresco drinkers are the public face of strong beer."
"If a salad you were to punch you in the face with freshness, it would undoubtedly be Fattoush."
"He looked toward the courtroom door."
"My other blog posts related to neuro-related situations (I don’t think the links are working, so you can find them by going to the “index” tab up on top:"
"Wild Rose Studio Ltd is an established UK craft company, founded in 2008 and based in Bristol, UK. We are passionate about all things to do with art and crafting and we hope that this is reflected in our creations!"
"He, Johnny Evans, was a soldier under sentence,"
"But Now they are facing extinction which is not good. If we cut trees we loose our life in near future."
"She pours this into a chocolate drizzled glass and it’s heaven. Like a creamy caramel macchiatto, this is indulgent and rich but since the white Godiva is in there instead of the dark, it’s surprisingly light for all the rich flavor, not at all cloying. A dressed up chocolate martini, this would be good made in batches and served at parties."
"Note: The GMS Support Hotline hours of operation are Monday-Friday, 6:00 a.m. to midnight, Eastern Time, except Federal holidays."
"No one dies so long as the death-lord is present. That is why the great sages invited him here. Ho! Let us humans now drink the immortal nectar of words about the activities of Hari!"
"Take a look at the retreats available and choose the one you would benefit most from. To help you begin to relax before you arrive, a podcast of one of Vonetta’s yoga classes can be downloaded below."
"M is for Morning."
"The patchwork pillow covers feature a quilted patchwork pieced front, a layer of cotton batting and an interior layer of muslin. The cover has an envelope style closure on the back and rounded corners and all interior seams have been finished with a serger. All covers have been pre-washed/dried to give it that crinkly quilted finish."
"Brushing perceptions of the decor aside, we remained hopeful the meal would be fantastic, given the mouth-watering descriptions and the impressive pedigree of Chef Akira Hirose, and the fact that the restaurant was filled to capacity on a Thursday night."
"\"A sense of menace grew on me all morning. A shadow of approaching doom. That was the first warning…\""
"I am not perfect, but I strive to be! I am not good, but I hope to be! I am not loved, but I will be!"
"\"He's mental man!\""
"The ISO 27000 is the standard for information security management. The ISO 27000 series helps the organization design and operate their information security systems and procedures. The 27000 series replaces the ISO 17999 and BS7799 standard."
"This image obtained by the framing camera on NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the south pole of the giant asteroid Vesta. Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA. Click on the image for a larger view."
"Did he drink too much? He wondered. He just had a few drinks."
"52.16 N , 106.53 W"
"CH: Before, people worked with precision and a particular aesthetic, in a functional and mechanical way that gave it a form, and a style. Making a movement or taking a step implied an expression of the entire body. Currently, not only has the essence been lost but the weight of the dance as well, its density and importance. To me, this new tango lost a bit of the respect for what tango is."
"And, my last Random for the day: I heard another song by Carrie Underwood called \"Don't Forget To Remember Me\"...Love this song, it makes me attempt to think about the day my girls will leave home and go off to college when their around age 18-Let the tears start flowing, mama's. I love the lyrics to this song."
"The class includes;"
"Only the initiated can understand the Word of God. The critics are always looking for contradictions in the Bible and in Acts 22:9 they think they have one. The Apostle Paul is reviewing the events of his conversion and is speaking of the events on the road to Damascus."
"2 15-ounce cans kidney beans, partially drained"
"I know that twitter is a very vast place and this number is probably nothing for the elite validated of twitter, but for me this isn’t a common occurrence. Social media is such an interesting platform for reaching people that it’s no wonder that we’re now subjected to advertisements in our feeds… I can just see product marketing teams going into zombie mode when looking at the exposure to be had on social media sites such as facebook and twitter. I imagine it’s enough to make someone in that position immediately drool over their keyboards while mumbling “SO MANY PEOPLE” over and over."
"The contrast with what happened after the Haiti earthquake last January or Hurricane Katrina in 2005 could not be more stark. In both cases, there was an almost immediate descent into savagery, with police officers joining in the looting. In New Orleans, evacuation centers became nightmares of violence and lawlessness, and the National Guard had to carry weapons on relief missions. In Haiti, tent cities for the quake victims became scenes of mass rape."
"three terracotta pots; each one"
"Almost as a godsend, former President Moi decided to throw his weight behind the NO campaign thus installing tagging all the campaigners against the Proposed Constitution with the contagion of misrule, dictatorship, corruption, patronage appointments, land grabbing, torture and state terror that many Kenyans associate with the KANU rule that started with founding President Jomo Kenyatta and ended with ignominious defeat of Moi’s hand picked successor at 2002 elections when NARC, Kibaki and Raila came out on top."
"No one will"
"This high intensity aerobic pool work out will do wonders for your cardio-vascular efficiency, and will ensure good ‘definition’ and excellent shape for the muscles that you will be building in the gym."
"Nor does Jacobs solely document a year spent sitting on a couch reading. Whilst reading the Britannica, he also travels to Britannica headquarters, joins Mensa, interviews the founder of several high-IQ societies and is a contestant on Who Wants to Be A Millionaire? Yet somehow his anecdotes—undoubtedly an attempt to turn a rather isolating experience into something other people can appreciate—don’t quite manage to make his mission exciting. In fact, one of the central themes in Jacobs’ writing is how infrequently other people—his wife included—appreciate incessant sharing of interesting yet generally irrelevant facts."
"That's what I thought I needed anyway, DoctorDotty had a different opinion."
"Namaste…"
"like, take-all-your-clothes-off-on-the-porch-before-you-come-in mess"
"How many times have you been asked, “How are you?” and you found yourself mustering a smile and “I’m fine” when inside you were really feeling quite sad or worried? While it is not always the right time, person or place to divulge your feelings, and in many ways our society discourages doing so, unmasking your emotions also offers many gifts."
"So here's my week at a glance (click to biggify)"
"Let me state, Because you are published does not mean you are either ‘gifted’ ‘special’ or even ‘talented’. Just like shit television, there are shit publications and most of the time it is actually up to who you know or your financial status that gets you on the shelves of Wal-mart. But this piece isn’t about class issues or even published authors. This is about the Wretched World of Writers."
"For the next challenge, Shimelle challenged us to use grey, yellow and one other colour. I used pink, to be totally out of character!"
"Although myself, I don’t think it’s necessary for them to have all these things, i think that the rest of the world is kinda forcing my hand here.."
"Mustard Seeds"
"some of the time....then it's starts going nuts, it has no clue who I am...what????"
"Or it's my party and I'll smile if I want to."
"I have a good, decent life. I have many blessings. I wonder if I am greedy to seek more, to beg for more, to be dissatisfied."
"1938 – Gary Collins (actor: Born Free, The Iron Horse, Roots, The Sixth Sense, The Wackiest Ship in the Army)"
"I was in law school when I found out that I was pregnant with my first daughter. I was lucky that the school allowed me to switch to part-time status after she was born and I kept going. But hopping on the Metro or driving down Connecticut Avenue to meet my husband and exchange the baby for a backpack was difficult for me. I remember pumping breastmilk in the student bathroom, wanting to die of simultaneous embarrassment and exhaustion. I remember falling asleep trying to finish my Contract Law reading with my baby sleeping in my arms. Looking back, I can see that I had many big changes all at once and on the inside I was overwhelmed - I'd graduated college in the spring, married in the summer, moved across country, started law school, and was still trying to figure out how to manage all of the above when I found out I was pregnant. When my first was 6 months old, I realized I was pregnant with my second daughter (which helped explain the exhaustion) and reality set in - I didn't want to juggle children with law school. I wanted to be fully present at home. So I put my law degree on hold and decided to go back after a year or two."
"Read and let read~"
"Row 17: Knit 1 stitch, knit 2 stitches together, purl into the back of the next stitch, knit 2 stitches together, knit 1 stitch. (5 stitches)"
"For the table numbers, it was one of the tags from the 2 tags die set, the vintage wheel, a small stamp to put over the 1\" circle, a number from the alphabets die and a pearl. I think in looking at this today the black number needs to go and be done in crumb cake and heavily sponged so it stands out."
"Oingo Boingo- Run Away"
"The 1995-1996 shutdowns were the longest amid the most heated battle over the budget between Congress and the President. President Clinton chose to veto several appropriation bills in the 1996 budget, at issue was funding amounts for social programs such as Medicare, Medicaid, public health, education, and the environment, all programs Clinton pledged to maintain to the public, however, the Republicans wanted Clinton to submit a seven year plan for a balanced budget. The Republican Congress could have voted on a continuance to keep the government operating on the previous fiscal years spending limits. However, the Republican controlled Congress looked to shut down the government hoping the public would blame the Democratic President, leading to a Republican victory in the next year’s Presidential election."
"What I found was a memory from my childhood I thought was gone forever. A barbotine pitcher of a wild boar with 'tout en est bon, de la tete a la queue' - Everything is good, from the head to the tail - written across it on a ribbon of white."
"Iván Meade - You have accomplished something very unique in the interior design world; creating a strong, extremely well recognized and beautiful signature style - In this same manner however, your style keeps evolving - How or where do you find your inspiration?"
"Or because time and chance throws you in together with someone under the most peculiar circumstances and paves a road for you to take?"
"“Why do this to yourself, again? Michael…Chances are you are just going to fail again. And then, you are going to feel bad. Just say ‘to hell’ with this project. Honestly, it was never all that realistic, anyway.” Originally, the words didn’t bother me. Not one little bit. In fact, if I am being totally honest, I was able to justify my mother’s skepticism, toward the successful completion of this project. As much as I may hate to admit it, I am weak-willed. My weak will has been the demise of this project, two times already. Therefore, I couldn’t really blame her, for have little (or no) faith, in my ability to meet the end of this project, with success."
"Category 4~Best use of pattern as adapted for contemporary-wear = Any garment for men, women, children created from an EvaDress pattern that has been modified for a more updated look (design changes allowed). One may not use pattern pieces from pattern companies other than EvaDress but, may incorporate pieces from an original vintage pattern, if desired."
". . . an error that the Historical Society of Britain some years back listed as number one in its short compendium of the ten most common historical illusions. It is the notion that people used to believe that the earth was flat—especially medieval Christians."
"MOVIE QUOTE: Hanu: “But your script, it’s just a rip-off of better independent mockumentaries.”"
"I’ve never considered myself much of an artist, but I do love to doodle. On the left side, I got pretty literal and drew a clock and a calendar. Then, the philosophical/writer part of my brain took over to fill in the quote. My muse whispered that phrase in my ear and it came out of my pen. I love it when that happens!"
"I work primarily as a Homeopath and through my work get to listen to the inner most secret world of my patients. Working with children is amazing, because when given the space to express themselves they are like a fountain of self-awareness and wisdom. They know what their needs are; they’re just rarely given the opportunity to express them."
"The road flows over the bridge,"
"Spot the Monster"
"Here is a little description about this piece and my current body of work: I incorporate college materials I collect from recycled magazines, newspapers, and old books. I then dissolve the printed color pigment with a special solvent and turn the printed material into what appears to be dreamy watercolor studies. In turn, I rip those images apart and start assembling a “skeleton” of sorts on the canvas. I think in terms of color and texture. I break down and then build back up; erase, yet reveal. I use numerous layers of paint, washes, glazes, medium, spliced text, handmade paper, tissue, and gesture marks to make the piece appear to be a unified surface; My intention is to create layers of information through my technique; leading your mind’s eye on an aesthetic journey. It is a form of communication, and contradiction."
"At the height of the hysterical rhetoric between Brussels and Athens last week, Evangelo Venizelos declared, “there are forces in Europe trying to push Greece out of the euro.” It’s very probable there were rather more of them than he realised."
"I've been pretty good taking pics over the holidays; I didn't manage it everyday, but I managed almost everyday! Enjoy!!"
"Most people love American Psycho, because it was literally fun to watch, and had kind of a light ending. We do too, but greatly prefer Rules Of Attraction to American Psycho, as it was fun (and even psychedelic) to watch, while having a real nihilist feel to it. It’s one of my favorite movies ever."
"This weekend there was a super moon. I hope you were able to see it in your neck of the woods."
"Keeping it really simple is the mantra behind my launch of “The Factory”."
"The patterns are quite adaptable but if you wanted to use the same fabric as pictured, you can order kits from Modern Quilt Studio. I love that they've got step-by-step illustrated directions. I'm so visual that I do much better when I can see what I am doing rather than trying to figure it out from a paragraph of directions."
"I have read the words more times than I can count on one hand. I'm hoping that hearing them will assist in the cementing of my attitude. I am a gift finder. I've always been one, but it's the making of this joy list that adds life to my days lately."
"You had to ask it, which says enough."
"When I opened my eyes I was in a hospital in the city. They said I had slept for more than two days. My wounds were stitched and dressed but my body still felt like a log and even the slightest movement shot a streak of pain through it."
"We had drinks for our first date. He was great – tall, smart, and very laid back."
"If you have some solid answers to these questions you are ahead of the game. Too many businesses find themselves below the curve when it comes to successfully using data as an asset. What we find is that most businesses that have data or a database of information aren’t successfully utilizing it as a resource. And others just don’t even know where to begin."
"Guy Fieri has his demonstrations scheduled for Saturday, November 12 at 12:15 pm and an encore performance at 5:45 pm. Tickets range in price from $25 to $250, which includes General Admission to show."
"p156 “…man is forever seeking and grasping. Why? he grasps for the world because intuitively he longs to be rejoined with that from which he has been estranged through delusion. It is in consequence of this alienation that we find the strong overcoming the weak and the weak accepting enslavement as an alternative to death. Yet when undeluded, human beings naturally gravitate toward one another. Those with strong natures want to cherish and protect the weak, while the latter long to be cherished by them. So we have the Buddha, who is spiritually powerful, embracing us who are weak, and we bow down before him in grateful acceptance of his overwhelming compassion. Like a mother caressing her infant, here there is no separateness, only harmony and oneness. Everything in nature seeks this unity. If you carefully observe the pod of a lotus, you will see that when drops of rain or dew overflow the little combs, they merge.”"
"Nolan and Glorin immediately engage the vampire before he can retreat back to his companions while Shara and Tayin pelt Malvora with arrows and spells respectively. Magnus uses one of his hold undead scrolls on the vampire, hoping to replicate his previous success against Lucan, unfortunately there is no effect. Jack takes a gamble at this point...not only was he suspicious of Keldor's identity but he had an intuition after the first battle that they were not actually fighting a vampire at all (just goes to show that you should be careful pulling tricks when playing with your significant other, NJ saw right through me). So he uses his last remaining Phantasmal Killer spell (damn sorcerers) against the vampire. Although he fails to kill the Claw leader outright the spell definitely causes a reaction as he screeches in fear and leaps backwards from the horrific vision...clearly proving himself not undead."
"Well there's a kids book about her, see.........."
"The J Dilla Foundation is a new charitable institution set up in Dilla's name that's been established to provide scholarships at the beginning of each Fall semester to inner city youth and fund the development of music curricula in those same schools."
"~When all are added to the bowl, hold your hands over the bowl. Ask for the blessing of the God and Goddess (if you like); the energies of the Elements, the Earth, Sun (or if at night- the Moon & Stars) and the helpful energies of all beneficial Planetary alignments; as well as your chosen Otherworldly entities to assist you in this work."
"10am – 4pm, or by appointment"
"Costume College ended nearly a week ago, and I've been so abominably busy that I haven't had time to write about it! Of course, it was a BLAST. There is nothing quite equal to a full weekend spent among fellow costumers. I always come away overwhelmed by the creative energy, and with sore cheeks from continually grinning at the fabulousness I see everywhere."
"5.Show your loveBuy her flowers or candy or perfume every now and then, even if u have been together for 5 years. It's wonderful to continue showing someone that u care for him or her. Cook him a special meal, paint him a Valentine's Day card. Knit him mini-socks he can't wear ( like for decoration purposes), buy him a packet of milk for breakfast, or pack his wardrobe for him...so he knows u can still be romantic and loving despite having been together for quite a while."
"Be Realistic: You and your friends are adults with families and jobs and responsibilities. You are not going to be able to spend six hours every single Sunday playing boardgames or RPGs and expect everybody to show up all the time. When planning out RPG campaigns or boardgaming sessions, keep this in mind. Those games that take ten hours to play and require massive amounts of time and attention are going to be difficult to schedule."
"I’ve seen the highs, the lows, and I know the pain"
"the fridge humming"
"“I’m tired!”"
"We're good people! Richard and I try our hardest to make the best decisions that will allow us to sleep good at night. We give everything we do our all so that at the end of the day we know that we won't have any regrets because we tried our best."
"I am so grateful to be feeling better and to NOT need surgery!!"
"~God, with His outpouring of grace and forgiveness"
"Why are rents increasing? With the local Real Estate market hit with short sales and bank owned homes, many buyers are afraid to take the purchase plunge since buyers are unsure if we hit bottom. So instead of buying – they are renting. When demand for rentals rise above the supply of rental property – we see an increase in rents. It changes all the time. Real Estate is truly cyclical. As a Realtor – I can certainly say that Yes, on the SF peninsula we hit bottom in 2009/2010 for the single family homes market. Condos and Townhomes are on a different level – though they too will recover."
"“And we must try to see how there would be less human troubles, if it was possible to talk with boys at school on this subject — in this foreshortening!"
"3/365"
"Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA"
"Maybe this is the first time you have ever heard those things."
"And check out my other giveaways:"
"Meanwhile, drilling has already begun for a relief well (May 2), BP reported, but it could take up to three months, before it can be tested."
"The rod’s thirst is finally quenched"
"While I’m no master of painting food into language (clearly not a food critic), I am an admirer of the art of written/sensory interpretation and reaction of food. It may sound odd to label something so vague and subliminal as an art form, but I think the ability to manipulate reaction and expectation should be considered as a creative process. There have also been studies in effect of food and perception of flavor via the sound of words, known as synesthesia. It intrigues me that specific wording can be met with an associated sensory perception whether that is a component of our nervous system or merely a Pavlovian reaction. In other words, is “bacon”, “butter” and “sausage” really as sexy as it sounds? Is it even better if I call it “sexy bacon”?"
"The BNP percentage was 14.9."
"After declining to levels not seen since the 1940s, U.S. crude production began rising again in 2009. Drilling rigs have rushed into the nation’s oil fields, suggesting a surge in domestic crude is on the horizon."
"Enter Oier:"
".....he understand TWO languages fluently!"
"The atrium at Queens Borough Hall has been put \"on hold\" until an arborist report on the existing trees can be completed according to the Queens Borough President's office."
"I use a systematic combination of speech treatment approaches in my own “oral placement” work. I generally begin with a “bottom-up” method where we work on vowel sounds, then consonant-vowel words, then vowel-consonant words, etc. I also capitalize on the speech sounds a child can already make. If the child can say “ah,” “ee,” “m,” or “h,” then we can work on words or word approximations containing these sounds. I use a hands-on approach where I gently move the child’s jaw, lips, and tongue to specific locations for sounds and words (if the child allows touch). Imitation is usually very difficult for children with autism, so I begin saying/facilitating speech sounds and words in unison with the child. We then work systematically from unison, to imitation, to using words in phrases and sentences. This often requires weekly speech therapy sessions with daily practice at home and several years of treatment."
"“I a? going to ?atch you ? big fish”."
"For the first time in the 20-year history of the PPP the Executive Presidents, Prime Minister and entire cabinet and all the others who suppressed, distressed, obsessed, repressed and stressed the Guyanese people as a deliberate policy to keep them powerless while they wielded more power, will have to sneak back to work and find creative ways and means to retro-fit the nation and lift the sinking ship as a result of the joint opposition being able to craft a budget that is forward looking, progressive, plural and without fat. The joint opposition has been able to shave off approximately 22 billion dollars from pet projects especially near and dear to the heart of Presidents Jagdeo and Ramotar. The party is over literally and metaphorically."
"I hope you all have a wonderful valentine's day and your loved ones spoil you rotten!"
"Trade mark licensing then came under the spotlight with special attention to competition law issues and territorial restrictions. Finally we touched on IP rights in products that turned out to derivative products in Global Coal."
"The article is very absolute that despite all the technology and communication at our fingertips, we are experiencing unbelievable loneliness that is making people miserable, and the author calls out our almost incessant feelings of unprecedented alienation, an epidemic of loneliness, and social disintegration."
"... mom wants me to mention that shadows distort, that dad really isn't two feet taller than mom, and of course, that shadows add 20 lbs ... I 'm just repeating this because I really want that treat she has in her hand ;)"
"12.wuthering wind"
"During the fifty-year study period, the overall Maternal Mortality Ratio or MMR (the number of maternal deaths related to childbearing divided by the number of live births) dramatically declined by 93.8%, from 270.7 to 18.2 deaths per 100,000 live births between 1957 and 2007, making Chile a paragon for maternal health in other countries. ‘In fact, during 2008, the overall MMR declined again, to 16.5 per 100,000 live births, positioning Chile as the country with the second lowest MMR in the American continent after Canada and with at least two points lower MMR than United States’ said Koch."
"Lips speak"
"The answer is clear indeed if one recognizes the eternal purpose of God. He had a plan, kept secret from the foundation of the world, a plan to save the entire human race, both Jew and Gentile, through His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ. That is they could all be saved if they understand the purpose of the cross. Christ died for our sins. This hidden purpose did not involve Israel."
"May 9 Lexington, Kentucky - Al's Bar w/ Idiot Glee"
"Jerry and his identical gay twin brother, Jay, grew up singing in Helena, Montana, before making their way to New York City, where they were eventually discovered by Decca Records and became the group, Twinn Connexion. They released their self-titled debut album in 1968 filled with \"sunshine pop\" - catchy songs that just make you smile (\"Oh What A Lovely Day\" and \"Turn Down Day\" are great remedies for a bad mood). Unfortunately, their recording career soon came to an end, and a second album of Twinn Connexion tunes - Songs From The Heart - was not released until 2009. And then last April, Now Sounds Records reissued their first album on CD for new fans (like myself) to discover them all over again."
"1 enlarged"
"Jeff: This one on sale right here, the 2008 Georges de Latour! (pointing at the flagship wine for sale at Gary’s)"
"Walking with me to my car last evening to say good night, my friend pointed out a steak house across Main Street in Dallas where the steaks are 40 bucks each. I commented that I’ve virtually stopped eating red meat. This is not a conscious decision to help the environment or avoid ingesting hormones. No, it is a simple matter of convenience—when I simplified my diet (with remarkable and felicitous results), preparing a steak or a burger became more bother than it’s worth."
"My poor copy is a little battered. I’ve tried to protect it by taping the corners and spine, and here’s to hoping it’ll last. (Might have to get a hardcover at some point in life.)"
"These are the people to whom the Lord could one day say, “Ye should have hearkened unto me.” Rather He will say what it says in Matthew 25:41. “Depart from me ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels.”"
"‘No, not getting it,’ the Doctor said, pushing his fingers through his hair and rubbing his chin. ‘Never mind, we know where The Device is, and River’s got the sonic banana!’ He skipped over to the Antimatter Pulse Primer. ‘See you soon, Pond!’"
"Trim the stringing material, if needed, so that the fringe at the bottom is even and about 1-inch long."
"Unfortunately, you will gnash your teeth trying to figure out the details of the company's history, as many fun facts are as cleverly hidden as Waldo. Each page of the site has big arrows left and right, which you can use to move forward and backward in time. But each one also has tiny arrows which you can use to find more info from the same time period. It took me a whole lot longer than I should have spent on the site in toto to discover the second set of arrows."
"A brief, pleasant interchange that lasted no more than a couple minutes. Nothing you’d think would affect anyone. But later, when the elderly man talked with the teen’s mom he said, “I can’t believe how friendly your son is. He went out of his way to greet me and shake my hand. The teens back home don’t seem to know we exist. In our church we’re invisible.”"
"One cannot blame external forces for all that’s not right in Pakistan."
"The mystery to me is the malt and yeast character, which is very little, but the body and ABV are right in line for an IPA. There is a slight sweet/bready quality on the back end that does a nice job of taking the edge off the hop bitterness. But no carmel or roasty or grain or smokey. Nothing to get in the way of enjoying that fantastic Simcoe hops flavor."
"Bombing eventually sunk the ship and the oil slick was finally dispersed by favourable weather. By then tens of thousands of seabirds had been killed, together with huge numbers of marine organisms including all fish within a 75 mile radius. The resultant oil release coated miles of Cornish beach in brown sludge, in what was then the world’s worst environmental disaster. The slick stretched along hundreds of kilometres of the south coast of Britain and Normandy, killing most of the marine life it touched and blighting the areas for over a decade after. When I was living and working in Cornwall six years later, football-sized lumps of crude oil were still sweeping ashore from the wreck."
"The philosophy behind Chinese medicine is a melding of tenets from Buddhism, Confucianism, and the combined religious and philosophical ideas of Taoism. Although there are various schools of thought among practitioners of traditional Chinese medicine, five Taoist axioms form its basis:"
"Before we headed “across the pond,” Leah suggested we look into catching a glimpse of the Quiet Man Bridge. This small bridge served as a prop for John Wayne in one of the early scenes of the movie, The Quiet Man, in which Maureen O’Hara co-starred. I am not a person that generally holds movie stars in any special regard, but I have to admit that John Wayne has always been my favorite. And The Quiet Man is a fun show that our family has watched a number of times. So with seeing the bridge in mind, we scheduled a night at a Bed & Breakfast in Oughterard, only a short distance away from the bridge."
"BF: US military jets."
"Steve and his assistant Emma (SALLY PHILLIPS) must find a decoy bride and think that local girl Katie (KELLY MACDONALD) will be an ideal replacement. But when Katie meets James, sparks fly, dresses get ruined and love gets complicated."
"When powerful people, respected people, and even loved family members mutter these words even the most grounded Christian can shutter. My mind raced the day I first heard this. My child a punishment? God does such a thing? and the Enemy who knows our playbook carefully and meticulously slips self doubt into your mind and you race through your mind with all your wrong doings in the past… you pull up memory after memory where you totally screwed up, sinned, shamed yourself, drank too much in college, gave way too much of yourself here in this and that way, took too much there, a little lie back then, slander here and there, oh dear…the list goes on."
"'What did you just say? I didn't get half of that.' She burst out laughing and said, 'You're a Limey now!'"
"Homeboy Sandman's new extended play that features production from names like J57 and Exile is in fact out now, and he's decided to let you know by dropping this jewel, that has me hyped for the release!"
"This is the first time I'm showing it to you, but the third time I'm wearing it."
"I have been praying that God would bless this journey for my family and that I could be a blessing to others through this. Last Friday I was able to chat with a lovely lady who lives in Chicago that contacted my because of my blog post on the wrap. How random, but how neat!"
"29th: 무적자 (Moo-jeok-ja/A Better Tomorrow, 2010) + Q&A with director"
"Can blogs be answer to prayers? I think so!"
"The Miss in question is Eliana Burki and is not only easy on the eyes but claims to be the only Alpenhorn player to get world wide attention. I'm must admit I'm a bit skeptical but definitely curious to check it out."
"The first concern we had was no access to natural light in the cells. There are no windows in the living units except a bank of skylights at the top of each unit. Also at the top of each unit is a state-of-the-art ventilation system and ceiling fans."
"The second day was similar to the first, but with fewer episodes. He still cried and pushed away, but near the end of the torrent, he reached out for a hug and within moments was calm and right as rain."
"If that visual wasn't enough to convince you should be eating things with truffle oil, try this video on for size. I'd do this if it meant I'd get truffle oil at every meal:"
"15. Never, ever, borrow a race finisher's shirt from another runner to wear to an event that you didn't run. If you do, remember that in Dante's Inferno, he wrote about a special Hell for characters such as you; right between Tax Collectors and Lawyers."
"Mugabe still retains all executive power almost a year after losing national elections, and this morning SADC leaders hailed the achievement as inspiring, reassuring and \"kick-ass\"."
"3) As translator of your book I had to do a bit of research before starting to work on the text and I believe a book, when is well written like in this case, has the power of pushing the reader to find out and discover a lot of information he didn’t know or care about before. How important was research for Devil’s Kiss – or any other book you wrote or are about to write?"
"So in the end, there are four “good guy” races on Azeroth who haven’t yet done enough bad things to warrant becoming raid material: Gnomes, Draenei, Worgen, and Goblins. However, two of those appears pretty heavily in dungeons, as we’ll see tomorrow, leaving really a competition for nicest of the nice between Draenei and Goblins. I guess the scores will out who’s on top shortly."
"The current situation in the southeast of England is very similar to the drought which hit Yorkshire in the 1990s. The Pennine county of Yorkshire, along with its neighbour to the west, forms the wettest in all of England, yet in 1994, the county played host to convoys of water tankers topping up the reservoirs. In the area close to the border with Lancashire, the water level in Scammonden Reservoir was so low that the old flooded village at the base of the valley was exposed. 1994 had a hot summer, but just like the new drought which has stretched from the southeast of England into the southern frontiers of Yorkshire, the weather had nothing to do with the water shortage."
"This is entirely speculation, but any way I see it, the only certain thing about this is the numbers. They don’t lie."
"1 pressure"
"While Housefull and Jaane Kahan Se Aayi Hai are waiting to happen, Riteish already has a two hero film closer home. Come 20th June and De Taali, where he shares screen space with Aftab Shivdasani, would hit the screens."
"oh how vivid it all becomes"
"krisso"
"6.I am weasel! Another strange creation by cartoon network the red guy was also in this, There really isn’t much to say you have to see it to believe it lol xD"
"Does it get any better than this?! Yeah, it probably does. But it doesn't get any worse!!!"
"BFF- brain feels fried"
"I gave you my all, my everything"
"Truly lovely hotels are therefore rather good value. We were at the Jolie Ville Maritim, booked about a month ago via Thomas Cook for a rate, including flights, that wouldn't go very far towards a UK \"staycation\". Run by a Swiss manager who seems to have left no stone unturned in his efforts to welcome his clientele, it's a real oasis, well removed from the hectic town centre. The food is terrific, the gardens gorgeous, the atmosphere friendly - we enjoyed an unexpectedly rewarding social time with many fascinating people among the guests. And for recharging the batteries, relaxing and soaking up some very serious sun, I can't imagine anywhere more lovely."
"Let's not talk about their three boys who roll in wearing real-estate suits and earrings, not a shirt cuff to be seen between them. Who to blame for this surfeit of colortexturestyle? Is it the sartorial manifestation of the instant gratification generation, everything now at once in one dress? I think I prefer the Tummy Tucker jeans."
"I can remember back in high school when I would hate washing/wearing certain pairs. I would only wear my favorite on a “special day” because I didn’t want to waste the use. Why is that? (other than that I’m weird). I’m assuming I didn’t want them to fade…or shrink…or loosen…or get a worn look to them. Which brings me to another point..I feel like getting a new pair of jeans kind of symbolizes something new in your life. For example, why do we buy new pairs? Either we have gained or lost weight, worn them out, gotten a stain or rip on them, or we are just plain sick of that style. Isn’t that kind of synonymous to different events in our lives? Lets think about it, weight changes can be attributed to stresses and new environments (ex. starting college, or getting a new job). Wearing jeans out means you’ve worn them for soo long that you need a change (ie. done the same thing for so long, so you are ready for changes). Staining or ripping your jeans usually means that you were doing something out of the ordinary, or more risky than usual. Being sick of a certain style symbolizes that you are in an “out with the old, in with the new” kind of mood. Isn’t that weird?? Maybe we are buying jeans not just to buy a new pair, but because we feel that we are changing somehow?"
"Malcolm wasn’t about to see how this went down, so he took off running in the opposite direction."
"Take a look at my body"
"the kind that we would just walk by"
"5 egg whites, beaten"
"I really liked this book! I was really looking forward to reading it, being a huge urban fantasy fan and having wanted to try out Jeri Smith-Ready's adult series previously, and it was so good!"
"* Visited the sitter for 2 days!"
"The first recipe I tried was ...."
"Now, while the meat was tender and salted nicely, like the lamb, it too was extremely rare. I’m not one to shy away from rare meat, but again the bloody juices combined with those of the lamb and the cacciatore sauce resulted in one hot mess. The fingerling potatoes, all nine of them, halved and roasted with rosemary were, in the words of Simon Cowell, \"totally forgettable\" and at $14, they shouldn't have been."
"purge"
"There was a pregnant pause."
"9. Even the ceiling on the second floor was really cool."
"If you have never been beaten by your husband, all we can say is; be warned as this is a clear sign that he does not love you at all. You should indeed do the rightful thing expected from a loving wife; scream, beg him to stop, and of course thank him for beating you by warming his bath water and making him a nice hot ugali or sour porridge."
"6. I was once savaged by a Great Dane (the dog kind, not somebody from Denmark) in a most unScooby-Doo like manner, whilst walking on the beach with some friends"
"Over half of the U.S. population has legitimate concerns about what will happen to their pets after the Rapture occurs. Please respect their faith and allow this notice to remain posted (just as the waste removal and grooming posts remain). Again, over half the population feels that this is of concern to them. If there is a specific problem with this ad, please eMail me."
"At least I’m assuming this is a peacock. I’m not much of a birder and he didn’t spread his tail, so I’m guessing here."
"Okay with that out of the way, here is a craft I love."
"If you are searching the Internet and intend on buying shoes from this brand then you can choose to go for Dayton. It is a wing tip dress shoes that comes in crocodile print leather. It comes with smooth kidskin leather uppers and has a non-leather sole. It is available in a multiple of colour combination. The pair is available in different sizes from which you can easily take your pick. This pair you can choose to wear at any party or event depending upon your clothes."
"Laura remained still, in the armchair next to the door, just watching, carefully."
"Of course I can always distract him by yelling: \"Hey look! It's George Zimmerman!\""
"When’s the last time you took twelve days to tell your spouse something specific that you love or appreciate or admire about them?"
"My colour scheme is yellow and green these colours remind me of nature at this time of year with all the new buds appearing and the primroses and daffodils I really love Spring Time."
"The dying man giving up the fight"
"The charger itself consists of three parts, the wall socket and power lead, a small transformer and a proprietary USB 2.0 lead."
"Perhaps that is what Mamedov wants us to confront. The barriers we have to finding Christ. Perhaps he is giving the observer a chance to notice the condition of our hearts, are they open to seeing Christ in our brothers or are they so badly tainted by our superficial world that there is no longer a way in?"
"Not sure if I shared this in my last post or not...but the other reason I haven't been blogging is that I was recently (well, a couple months ago) diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis. I've been in a lot of pain for the last several months, and it has taken the doctors a while to figure out the best medications to treat it. It's sort of a trial-and-error method, I guess. I just started a new medication last week - and while the jury is still sort of out on whether I'll be able to take it on a long-term basis, I *am* able to curl and uncurl my fingers when I wake up in the mornings for the first time in months, and it's not excruciatingly painful on my feet the minute I step out of bed! I consider that a huge improvement over the way things have been. So I'm at least hopeful that this one will work!"
"The second one, right?"
"But as I sit around this week surveying the post-Christmas wreckage—the unwrapped presents, the messy house, the luggage yet to be unpacked, the few extra pounds around my waist and a carb-induced stupor that makes me want to take just one more nap on the couch—I can’t help but think about next year."
"Before YUGA, I only thought about helping and never actually took action. Although I had always been very interested in global affairs, I felt I was too young to really make a difference. Clearly I was wrong though. When I finally decided to get involved, I founded my own YUGA chapter at my high school with a friend, and immediately I felt like I could actually make an impact. I learned a lot about many relevant issues that are happening in the world today, and I really started to feel personally responsible for helping to create the positive change that’s needed. I no longer felt that I wanted to make a difference in the future; I decided that I wanted to make a difference right now- and with YUGA I could."
"Yesterday, a little birdie... thanks Les... let me know that there was a May edition of 29 faces happening... this time though it will be 29 Faces in 31 days... I just loved the February challenge... but it was a big commitment to draw and blog everyday... hence the Little Engine quote...lol... but seriously, I would LOVE to try it again... even if all I can manage is just a quick graphite sketch like the one above... so here I go jumping in... I am sure it will be fabulous..."
"But at the same time many people claim not merely to have seen them, but to have contracted beings in them and been kidnapped or ridden with them. If one reads a few descriptions of such contacts (this is what is called “Close Encounters of the Third Kind”), reads contemporary science-fiction or sees some of today’s movies, one gets a strange feeling: here are described strange beings, some of them almost human but much more “advanced,” able to do extraordinary things like turning sticks into swords, causing themselves and others to disappear, assuming different shapes at will, flying through the air, probing into the mind, or creating whole imaginary scenes before one’s eyes. Perhaps for modern man this is all “fairy tales,” but for an Orthodox Christian the phenomena which appear in these very popular literary and artistic forms are very familiar – most of them can be found in the Lives of Saints and are often a very realistic description of the way demons act."
"James Garner and Jon Winokur"
"In this movie, The Ides off March, who is Caesar? Who is Brutus?"
"The disappointment is no reflection on the performances – Anne Hathaway as Emma Morley, Jim Sturgess as Dexter Mayhew and Rafe Small as Ian are all excellent. Hathaway’s Yorkshire accent comes and goes but she nevertheless manages to convince as she blossoms from frumpy non achiever to successful novelist; her upward trajectory mirroring the declining fortunes of Dexter."
"When you handle old textiles as much as I do, you can recognise a special find just by it's fold. Linen folds in a soft, supple, heavy manner, like no other fabric. Pure linen ticking is very unusual today, it hasn't been made since the late 1800's."
"No one watching the coverage of the revolutions in Tunisia, Egypt and other countries could help but recall images of the first Palestinian intifada — young boys standing in front of armored vehicles, unarmed and defiant. But jumping from emotional connections and imagery of popular uprisings to assuming that a wave of revolution would sweep Palestine displays the application of an outdated analysis to both what will spark a “third intifada” and what it will look like."
"The bananas will get ripe when the bananas get ripe. I attempted to speed up the ripening process by lying the bananas out on trays and leaving them in the light. My sub told me God would make them ripe when he wanted them to be ripe. While I have no doubt the God grows bananas, I feel confident that he has other more pressing things to worry about. Perhaps we should open canned pineapple."
"Some ideas are:"
"Not forget – forget is the wrong word,"
"Back Blurb: ‘… It’s the year 1947, and nobody’s interested in dinosaurs anymore. Less than fifty years after Professor Challenger’s famed journey to the Lost World, America’s last dinosaur circus is closing down – but the adventure of a lifetime is about to begin.’"
"Far Cry 2"
"I wanted to also let you know that Fisher Nuts is also having a \"Handmade from the Heart\" Sweepstakes going on until 12/10."
"TheVendy only asked a few selected members on what their opinion is on lowering the voting age to 16. Ruth respectively said that discussion on lowering the voting age should be done away from the heat and the light of the Independence Referendum. She was the only one who said that people who voted in the Scottish elections should be the ones voting in the Independence Referendum; something that went down well with TheVendy’s journalists."
"And Tuesdays are significant as well. Especially this Tuesday. Because it proves I'm a writer, simply because I have habits established to help me lead the life of a writer."
"Martin said in an exclusive interview that they had already trained 600 crime information analysis officers and appointed them in high-crime-rate areas at police stations countrywide."
"When you were young"
"The long awaited fifth coloring book is nearly done! It is a story of Cora’s creation. I have done the illustrations. (She had the story done in one day…it’s taken me months to do the drawings.) You and your kids can do the coloring."
"Tripti was nowhere in the room, it was the room of one of the newest members of their old age home, Devki, she was sitting on the bed, and a strange looking demon was standing in front of her."
"\"But hark! through the noise of waters"
"It is unclear what Mr. Bo will do after graduating and whether he will be able to maintain such a high profile if his father is promoted, according to friends. He said during a speech at Peking University in 2009 that he wanted to “serve the people” in culture and education, according to a Chinese newspaper, Southern Weekend."
"Falsies:"
"$1.50 off MeoxMix"
"However, feelings and emotions are related: Every time we have negative emotions we diminish our heart and feelings and therefore we don’t feel so good; whereas when we open our heart we let go of the negative emotions so they are pushed out of our heart, resulting in us feeling happier, lighter, calmer, peaceful and more joyful."
"At MGI, James has led research on areas including, growth, productivity, competitiveness, labor markets, and technology and its impact on business and the economy. Much of this work has appeared in journals, books and the op-ed pages of leading news papers and business publications. He has also published a book on distributed networks and decentralized decision theory and numerous academic papers."
"ps why didn't I know this was the finale of skins?... effy rocks and all, but cook made this show."
"So why do we evaluate all managers as if they were alpha managers?"
"I immediately said who I believe the English ‘mentor’ is and there is a whole body of evidence against him. Maybe all that is left is for Breivik to give the man up himself and then the Norwegians have everything they need to get the real English ‘mentor’ and charge him for his role in the whole affair."
"Russ said churches will be scrambling to rent hotel space, banquet halls and movie theaters."
"I had to enter this challenge.."
"Nelly"
"Bitch customer: Why wait? You're running out of time, you know."
"Yes, it had 'art concepts' behind it. To me when I think of glam, I think of the Sweet and Gary Glitter, I don't think of Sparks. Glam rock was more about double tracked tom-toms and not much else going on."
"By the merry, singing wagon-load lovers came, paraded, hurried, shameless; then there was you: Love me for one year and I’ll be your friend, you lied. I agreed to be slaughtered."
"After spending a few days in Hollywood/LA/Beverly Hills we're going to drive to Anaheim, where we're going to meet up with the hubs and my youngest to spend a day at Disneyland. Then it's off to Las Vegas for a day or two of fun and then back home!"
"It isn't even the fact that you contacted me again, this week, another 4 years later, after hunting me down on Facebook (which was, well, creepy). But in your defense, social networking sites make it easy to do that. I made it easy by using part of my real name in my profile."
"Be sure to stop by the Word Art Wednesday blog and get your free Scripture digi. This week the Scripture is Nahum 1:7, \"The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him.\" My dad loved this verse so it is extra special to me. This verse is such a great reminder that no matter what, God IS good. Even when we're in the middle of a trial, He's still there and He hasn't forgotten about us. I read this quote recently (I'm not sure who wrote it originally) and found it to be a great encouragement: \"Sometimes when you wonder why you can’t hear God’s voice during your trials. Remember the teacher is always quiet during the test.\""
"ARTWORK DROP OFF/DELIVERY DATES:"
"If all goes well, the visits drop to weekly, then monthly. At the six month mark we drop the antiviral, and I think the antifungal. The antibiotic goes bye-bye in a year, and the doses on the immune suppressants will decrease over time as well."
"This brief video below, makes me smile, a throwback to the days just after we adopted him, remembering how he devoured his freedom after spending 16 months in a rescue centre."
"I have been watering my plants and herbs everyday – just need to keep this up. : )"
"I'm okay with characters who have knowledge I don't have. Particle physicists are allowed to be particle physicists. But I do expect their mental resources to coexist with a predictable level of general common sense, and for those mental resources to be affected by the physical stresses of their surroundings. If a woman who has studied for years in a magic school suddenly makes a stupid beginner mistake with her magic, I would really like to know why. Does she have a knife in her leg? That could be a good reason. Has she been startled? That's possible. If she's sitting in a place of calm, though, and I can't see any reason for the mistake, I'm going to be skeptical."
"- oh sweetest of all sweet lusts! -"
"the other bakers will post here."
"That on the touching of her lips I may"
"Guess what my favourite animal is? ♥"
"Beat cream cheese at medium speed with an electric mixer until smooth; add 1 cup sugar and vanilla, beating until creamy. Stir in 6 egg yolks. Pour 2 1/2 cups mixture into prepared crust; set aside."
"but of this you may be sure"
"Here, may I present you the participants from various countries all over the world. PLEASE SEND US YOUR REPRESENTATIVE IF YOU HAVE ANY IN MIND AND I HAD NOT INCLUDED IN THE CONTEST YET. PLEASE SEND US THE APPROPRIATE FORMAT SO THAT WE CAN ATTACH IT IN OUR BLOGS."
"Wearing the latest fashion can't save you"
"We lit up our house for the annual community decorating contest."
"Happy Thursday everyone! I can't believe it is all ready November! Wow! Time sure does fly lately! :)"
"Copperfield Church"
"” Frankie was part of the Buffalo, N.Y. trio that came downstate to the big city along with Jerry Bledsoe, and Imhotep Gary Byrd. They had enough foresight to swoop down from the most Alaska-like part of NY State and make a major impact on radio back then. The singer Rick James was also from up there and they all were close friends.I wanted to be just like Crocker, especially when I heard the kind of money and perquisites that would come my way if I were successful. I finally knew what I wanted to be; not a schoolteacher in the classroom sense, but one who dropped the science on the box like Frankie did! As I write these words, I wonder what I was thinking if I was thinking at all, but more importantly I ask myself why I wasn’t even more aggressive in trying to attain it. Many brothas who grew up back then in New York’s five boroughs suffered from the Frankie Crocker syndrome, and that is nothing to be ashamed of.It was about intelligence inside of the music and not being afraid to be controversial. Like the interviews he did during his show with the major acts, and being a cool pro even when they didn’t go all “nice-nice” as in the famous Isley Brothers chat where something he said insulted them and they walked off the show in mid-stream. I incorporated that feature into my ensuing years on the radio. Love or hate him (the latter was often because of jealousy), if you ever heard “the Chief Rocker” on the radio, you know what I mean. He was also one of the first to transition his radio act to television by hosting a show styled after the Hullabaloo, Shindig and Bandstand shows of the day. By the late 1980s though, it seemed that he had fallen out of favor for the final time at Inner City Broadcasting even though he would have two more “comeback” stints on WBLS. He was eventually silenced by those in power who cut him in spite of their faces, and their noses began to grow when the listening public asked, “Where was Frankie?” He ended up something like many a sports hero near the end of their careers: “retiring” and “UN-retiring” many times. ~"
"Tarot"
"His guests also seem to have liked the bubbly stuff as well. He forked out £24,000 for a Met bottle of Ace of Spades, £9000 for two Bruts and for 40 standard bottles at £500 a pop. If you’re going to have a night on the champers, have it large, as my old granny used to say. All I can hope is that the staff got their fair share of the service charge. For, at £18,540, it should mean a good tip."
"Why? Because there is no teacher like experience and, honestly, no more effective teacher than pain. Some of you can learn from other people’s mistakes. You can take someone’s word for what you should do. That doesn’t work for me. I need a reason to internalize the data. Once it’s in there, no one can take it away from me. I like that too."
"Goods and services from China accounted for only 2.7% of US personal consumption spending in 2010, according to the report, The US Content of “Made in China.” About 88.5% of US spending last year was on goods made here. …"
"The Body Finder by Kimberly Derting"
"The next really colorful family to occupy the Mansion was the Fergusons, James E. and Miriam Amanda. “Farmer Jim” only served from 1915 to 1917, when his run-ins with the University of Texas and his shady financial deals got him impeached. The Fergusons waved their fists at the Old Guard, and vowed they’d one day return to the Mansion in triumph, riding in the same car they used to flee it in disgrace."
"At three months she has a beautiful smile that lights up when she sees me."
"For spring break 2011 the Strings went to Philadelphia, much like we did the year before. We stayed in the same fabulous hotel room (with the gigantic jacuzzi bath, perfect for entertaining chilled children after a long day of walking in the rain), at the cozy, historic inn in the Jewelry District. The kids loved the dining areas, which have continental breakfast in the morning and warm cookies after 3 p.m. The back dining room also had a floor-to-ceiling library with an eclectic collection of books. Dash pulled encyclopedias while Rosie perused the art books, and both of them generally acted like goofballs."
"“The speed on the event has been unbelievable as we hit 90 miles per hour on the loose over blind crests and big ditches”, commented Pritchard."
"No, no and no again!"
"Just before leaving, I ask them how they have managed to maintain such a successful professional partnership into a third decade, in an industry that generally doesn’t foster bonds of such longevity."
"Do you have a one-sentence summary of your story?"
"Dump for your personal reading, if not for your church book club or any Christian education class from high school and up. In particular, if you are in a denomination that talks about the conservatism of the churches in Africa, this book is for you and yours. What does it mean to be the body of Christ with limbs across the world? A body with limbs that are dying from AIDS, TB, and malnutrition? A body that is schizophrenic about social issues and divides against itself? We cannot undo that we have been made one in Christ because it was not our doing. Thus, we are God’s mission- a mission of relationship and reconciliation. The goal of that mission for us, according to Zink, is to learn to spot grace. Everywhere. Even at the dump."
"Cream butter and peanut butter together with a mixer. Gradually add the confectioners sugar. Add a little more until the mixture is not too stick and you can shape. I mix some confectioners sugar and cornstarch together to keep on my hands when shaping. I found one of my measuring spoons shaped in an egg-shape and kept dipping that in the powdered mixer and made a perfect egg shape. I place in refrigerator for about 1 hour before dipping in chocolate."
"You’re there to marvel over the new things that they discover."
"We made plans to hang out on the weekend, and we did. Had very stimulating (non-sexual) conversation...the guy was intelligent, mature, single and hot as fuck! Things were definitely looking up. By the time we retired to the bedroom, I was mentally smitten and ready to see if he would measure up in bed. And...sweet jesus...did he measure up! He started by making me strip for him and then had me bend over so he could suck the \"what the fuck?!\" out of my pussy. He was using a glass dildo-like object in my pussy while licking it and then he moved up to my asshole and proceded cause me to be numb from the waist down. Just when I was close to collapsing, he flipped me over and attempted to go back in. I had to buy myself some time to regain my composure, so it was the perfect opportunity to have him lay on his back and whip out my fantastic fellatio skills."
"General Information:"
"Vino's Pizza Pub And Brewery Rock Hopera Imperial IPA"
"Marco Antonio Alvarez Soto, The Watchtower, April 1, 2012"
"As I mentioned, despite all the problems I have had, there is no way I would ever go back to disposables. I still wish I had switched to cloth sooner and even wish that I hadn't listened to the people who told me not to do it in the first place. I could have saved so much money and maybe my troubleshooting would have pointed me in my ultimate direction sooner. Alas, as I do not like to live in the past, I can only continue to move forward and enjoy my diapers while we're still using them."
"From the outset these bulk zoning controls had their advocates and fierce critics, and fantasies and analogies to past middle-eastern civilizations was a common theme. There was a fascination with Babylon and the tower of Babel, and setback skyscrapers were often to as modern ziggurats in the “New Babylon of New York.”[2] The writings of Harvey Wiley Corbett, accompanied the illustrations of Hugh Ferris, were influential."
"swirling"
"In spite of all his ability and all this terrific work to his name, a health crisis has left Tom in financial peril. I've donated what I can, and the only other thing I have to offer is trying to raise awareness. The comic book business has been pretty hard on a lot of people who worked on comics I loved, and pretty hard on friends of mine who were employed by it. Tom is both of those, and you'll understand I get kinda tired of watching it happen. Read this post at Daniel Best's blog and see what you think."
"JULIAN H. ROBERTSON, JR.,"
"Q. How would you rate the Nigeria of then to the present Nigeria?"
"I am absolutely in love with this song! I have been very back and forth about Maroon 5 in the past, only liking about half of each of their previous albums and, while that may still prove to be the case with their upcoming record, the past two singles they have released from this new record have been absolutely stunning! I am definitely loving them moving in this more pop direction because it works brilliantly for them. Adam Levine’s voice sounds so much stronger against a more pop sound and a beat, like on this track, “Moves Like Jagger” and “Stereo Hearts,” and those three tracks, in my opinion, are so much stronger than anything else they’ve done in their career. This song is absolutely gorgeous. It is simultaneously heartbreaking and yet catchy and fun to sing along with. I definitely recommend checking this one out!"
"Let’s to to"
"Too drunk to fuck ya!"
"I am so pleased with how they turned and and so are the customer. I have already sold 7 cards. I'll give you some close ups of my favorites."
"Dee: FUCKING STANNIS. Listen, I’m not saying I loved Renly. I didn’t. He was alright, he seemed level headed, and I think he would’ve made a good king. He was willing to join with Robb. No, right wasn’t on his side, but Robert wasn’t by blood the heir to the kingdoms. Renly tried to take it by force the way that Robert did, so fuck you Stannis. You let some psycho shadow self murder your little brother in an extremely dishonorable way. You can DIAF."
"Contrary to earlier claims by both camps, Mr. Politician and Beautiful Celebrity actually dated! Pero ‘yon na ‘yon! Mr. Politician never even reached “second base.” He was not just her type. A health buff, Beautiful Celebrity described his “habit” as a big turnoff. And the hypersalivation was disgusting, she told closest friends. Foamy? Eeew."
"BM: It could be, but I can’t imagine why anyone would make these movies R—they’re mad and totally crazy."
"can clearly announce our thoughts and recite our information."
"64 have"
"Kennedy did put out a lot of money, but he was assassinated. As you know, the public space program just disappeared in the 1970s when that funding ran out, and just stopped completely. President Sukarno was hounded from office."
"I found them. And it was lovely. I had to walk up a mountain or two to get to them, but hey, no surprise there! I’d be surprised if there wasn’t a mountain I had to hike. I would be worried that I wasn’t in Granada anymore. Haha."
"Christopher Harbster (quit before the National Poetry Slam)"
"9.Depression"
"Arts Club, Chicago"
"Several other words relate to singing unto the Lord. Another means to commend the Lord."
"Its me Kim and I am here to share some projects I made for Christmas."
"“Louis Brandeis made his famous statement that"
"Anyway...moving on!"
"So much of my time is spent out-thinking customers. I'll pre-call to confirm arrangements. I'll draw maps and make drive-bys to point out a place I can safely stop. I'll even park up the limo and follow people so I know where they are - drunks are prone to foxing innocent drivers by claiming to not know where they are."
"Dishes in the sink means I'm doing other more important things."
"He stared at the deep brown pulp and the reddish-brown skin and it seemed as if it would suddenly turn into her and start talking."
"“You should have gone in yourself. The water was lovely. Thanks,” he said, taking the towel. He started to rub himself down vigorously, starting with his head."
"September 10th I went back to Firestone with my g/f Kathy and my two mechanics showed up to help pack too. The 10th was also my wedding anniversary, which I had thought about but had not let it get to me as I had so many bigger problems to deal with. We had Andy there from 8:30am to 1:30pm and then we were more or less done. I was amazed at how quickly we got it all done. There was still all of the shop equipment, tools, hoists, etc. left but Firestone told me I’d be able to hold an auction to sell that at a later date."
"CRYSTALS AND HEALTH INFORMATION CENTRE"
"One more very big thing, for those not on face book, Zak had emergency surgery on Monday this week. He is recovering very well! He had an abscess that formed on his lower abdomen that grew very large in about 36 hours. We went to the emergency room Monday am and got some pain medicine, IV antibiotics along with Tylenol and Mortin to help his very high fever. He had surgery to get it drained Monday night. We got bumped due to other surgeries during the day, but finally got it done and were home about 10:30 Monday night. We can tell a big difference in him today. He is getting back to his old crazy self! Running around again and talking non stop! He hates to take his antibiotic. Other than that - we are on the road to recovery! Thank you all for your calls, texts and prayers! Hope did really well while we were away. She seemed to understand we were going to get him help. Zak was very sick and you could easily tell he needed to go, so Hope said okay when I explained it and did well playing with friends and with my parents for the day!"
"whispered the usual comforts"
"He who was living is now dead"
"Black and white, black and yellow, white and yellow… Who cares what race two people are in a relationship? Unfortunately a lot of people do…"
"it is one of the finest acted movies, that takes you through an emotional safari… and the sound of silence makes it loud and clear that an Artist has no boundaries… he can sail as long as new horizons keep showing…"
"Well, as it turns out, I had to call the police to get into my own house. Two awesome lady cops showed up and helped me get in and get some clothes and personal items. It was soooooo awesome! One of the lady cops, right in front of my wasband said, \"You can do sooooo much better!\". Thanks ladies for helping me out! Then I was whining that the SOB had thrown the cat out and she was missing and they have laws that protect animals from abusive spouses, blah, blah, blah, and as we are having this conversation, she says \"You mean that cat?\" And here come Kiki right up to me! I was sooooo happy. Happy that Mr. Mooney would now have his best friend back."
"Since I can remember I’ve done this when training for events. I’ll run most or part of the route I’m going to do, and if that’s not possible (for the Wick Triathlon or the Lochaber Marathon) I ran the same type of route – ie a loop of 3 x 1 miles for the Wick Sprint Triathlon, or out and back runs for the Lochaber Marathon."
"The title of the book is Understanding Psychology by Robert S. Feldman. Just search it if you want to see why I am acting like this."
"Publish Date: May 22, 2012"
"The Lord says there is someone here tonight, he said all the weapons of all your enemies are already render useless."
"My prayer this week:"
"After appearing as the house band on The Bob Burns Show, Spike got his own radio show on NBC, The Chase and Sanborn Program, as Edgar Bergen’s summer replacement in 1945. Frances Langford was co-host and Groucho Marx was among the guests. The guest list for Jones’s 1947-49 CBS program for Coca-Cola (originally The Spotlight Revue, retitled The Spike Jones Show for its final season) included Frankie Laine, Mel Torme, Peter Lorre, Don Ameche and Burl Ives. Frank Sinatra appeared on the show in October 1948, and Lassie in May 1949. Jones’s resident “girlsinger” during this period was Dorothy Shay, “The Park Avenue Hillbillie.” One of the announcers on Jones’s CBS show was the young Mike Wallace. Writers included Eddie Maxwell, Eddie Brandt and Jay Sommers. The final program in the series was broadcast in June 1949."
"Any person in the Lexington area certainly loves a class with Phil Dunn. Watching Phil wield a pan of bubbling anything on that beautiful brick red AGA can excite a cook, or just about anybody who loves to eat. He never fails to get me planning my next meal or purchase a tool at one of his favorite local haunts! Shortcuts & tips are aplenty during each class."
"to cry"
"Amit Bansal is the co-founder and CEO of PurpleLeap, an entry-level talent management company specializing in providing quality ‘ready-to-deploy’ talent to the industry. Amit started his career with Asian Paints, in Sales and Distribution, before joining IT industry with Riverrun, delivering customer solutions on cutting edge technologies. Later, Amit joined Talisma, where he gained expertise in developing and marketing technology products across India, US and Canada as Director, Product Management. In an exclusive interview with India Education Review Amit discusses measures to bridge the skill gap in India and role of private sector in this regard."
"But I'm stalled. There is something about telling this story in a public forum that makes me feel cheap, which in turn makes me feel like I'm belittling the situation. I feel like my part to play was personal, and any sort of pity party is seemingly inappropriate. Yes I was in the quake, yes I thought I was potentially not going to make it out of that situation. But I left 3 days later, no one I knew was hurt or killed, and I returned to my furnished and cozy apartment. I'll leave the fear mongering and sensationalism with CNN and try and internalize it differently. But it's hard."
"We couldn't be more excited!! There will be weekly classes on photography, makeup, art and much more. There are plans afoot to build a darkroom for black and white film photography. So many great things are happening here in my corner of the world and it's hard not to get overwhelmed sometimes. Anyhoo, the following images are a small sampling of our work for the first half of this year. Enjoy!"
"Llandudno Museum-This museum houses everything from medieval to samurai armour, Japanese netsukes to Egyptian ushabtis, Roman oil lamps to WW11 gas masks, also coal mining. A fascinating and eclectic place."
".....a remarkably special day for South Australian seafood producers in general, and Spencer Gulf prawn fishermen specifically as it marked the recognition of Spencer Gulf and West Coast Prawn Fisherman’s Association (SGWCPFA)as the first prawn fishery in both the Asia Pacific and the world to gain certification for sustainability from the prestigious Marine Stewardship Council (MSC). The MSC is a global program which assesses wild capture fisheries only and sets standards for sustainably managed fish stocks, minimal environmental impact and effective fishery management."
"“Sunpeaks also has become aware that Internet newsletters have been making unsupportable claims, inappropriate comparisons and unjustifiable common stock performance projections about the company,” the release stated."
"More Cumbrian dialect: many words seem onomatopoeic: \"scrow\", for example. The high incidence of words with that initial sound is apparently due to Norse influences. Thus \"scop\" - throw and \"scree\" - loose stones on a steep slope. And \"scratting\" and \"scraffling\", both of which I recall used in the context of struggling to make a living. Interesting how they evoke a whole way of life."
"(c) be set aside exclusively as a smoking area; and"
"We just arrived in Cuzco. The hotel is awesome. We have hot water, heat electricity for more than four hours in the evening, and toilet paper we can actually flush down the toilet. Don’t get me wrong; I loved the jungle, but it made me realize how much we take for granted. Plus, after two nights under a mosquito net, everything from here on out is going to seem swanky by comparison."
"10 (per side) one leg squats"
"I have the impression his statements have been cathartic: many of us have been feeling this way for 30 years. But it needed a grand maestro to step up and speak out about some of the idiocies that have gone on in the name of \"historical correctness\" before anyone would take it on board."
"My heart goes out to the ones who can’t help themselves and shame on me for my dirty, dirty little secrets………. hidden!"
"Afternoon snack was fairly late at 5pm but just what I needed for a burst of energy to finish dinner for the kids, put the washing away, make a chocolate cake (mix) for the poor dessert deprived people and sit with a coffee for a minute to make sure nothing is happening on the internet without me."
"Facebook is like the telephone. It's great for chatting, but not terribly good for selling."
"Well we didn’t hide under the duvet. We went to turn in our old vacuum cleaner as the new one had a trade-in offer. And we stopped for a cup of coffee which gave hubby and I a chance to have a board meeting. We have been having meetings with our architect regarding building work. The changes mean a lot of planning. And the possibilities are endless. Our architect is brilliant. He really is a patient man. My head is swimming with ideas on how we could use the extra space advantageously. In the meantime we have started rearranging things to make things better for all of us. Hubby has been dismantling furniture and shifting things around from room to room. There will definitely be one or two more trips to the tip before the end of the month. It’s all very exciting. This happy longarm quilter looks forward to all the great things ahead. New challenges are definitely afoot. So watch this space for news as the adventure unfolds. You might learn how not to do things! It will probably be a case of do as I say not as I do."
"My deep affection for cheesy 80s pop remains unabated to this day, and a song like Hue and Cry’s glorious horn infused “Labour of Love”. Yes, the ridiculously dated production is a little sad, but under the retro is a strong melody and biting political lyrics. When faced with Hue and Cry’s weepy ballads, I tend to cringe. But this song oozes funk. It is by far the best song they ever produced. That’s saying something as they continue to put out records even now."
"Spells: Cloudshift(W), Defang(W), Crippling chill(U), Ghostly flicker(U), Ghostly touch(U), Peel from reality(U), Angel’s tomb(A)"
"Joy To The World"
"Blurp!"
"I wish everyone could be winners, wouldn't that be nice? But we only have two today so using random org. here they are:"
"\"It's time to solve a murder,\" Great-grandma Everton said to Ella in a faint but distinct voice. Ella wasn't sure what she meant and couldn't imagine who had been murdered or why. For that matter, maybe no one had been murdered. Great-grandma was 105 years old and her mind wasn't always accurate.\""
"Right then in the Kruta Yugam, before the Ramayana War and before the Bharata War, Ancient Indian Astronomers-Engineers-Scientists like Maya Danava, knew that the earth was a sphere. They knew how to get the circumference of the earth from its diameter. They knew that pi was approximately the square root of 10. They were seriously good at trigonometry and algebra."
"You are an eye-blinding entity compared to michael"
"Notes: I beg everyone to be patient with the manga. It would have been much more intense if you read it when it was serializing, however, I guarantee you, this manga has many unexpected turns."
"Today is the 100th anniversary of Franz Reichelt’s attempt to fly in Paris on the 4th February 1912. His choice of venue to demonstrate his solo flying contraption? The Eiffel Tower. The results? Not good."
"” I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.” Philippians 4:13"
"Here are a few that I tried:"
"your rod and your staff comfort me."
"Now that you’ve selected a service, choose a date and do what marketers do best—get the word out. Post the event registration on your company’s website, use your social media channels and send out direct mail to notify the appropriate audiences of the event. If your webinar is educational in nature, you can ask to add your event to websites that promote events in the industries you serve. You can also try a referral offer to get that word of mouth marketing going."
"We count ourselves as deeply lucky that we have wonderful clients who make it possible for us to make a living doing what we love. Thank you to everyone who we work with, who re-blogs our photos, who offers us encouragement and advice, who refers fabulous clients to us, or who simply is a fan - we have each of you to thank for another successful year!"
"These are different species. But according to the idea behind micro and macro evolution … they are not."
"This week’s show is a two-hour special and features three segments. In each, a computer is used to compare performers. The first segment pits professional singers against other entertainers who are good at singing in a karaoke battle. Then, Kanjani8 takes on a team of strong singers in a karaoke battle. Finally, Kanjani8 goes up against a team of artists (so described – アーチスト) in a rhythm contest (i.e. drumming)."
"More from Caroline Wyatt"
"turmeric powder- 1/2 tsp"
"On Sundays I’ll unlock you from your chain."
"Now…every good organization has goals and aspirations…"
"Prepare yourselves for a rant."
"Proverbs 24:19-20 is the takeaway today. “Do not fret because of evildoers or be envious of the wicked; for there will be no future for the evil man; The lamp of the wicked will be put out.”"
"ii) Highest hour volunteers will be given promotions but will still remain unpaid and ENTIRELY self-funded right down to the uniform and medals awarded for any worthy actions (they will pay for their own medals). This will abolish military and police costs, a self policing population will occur. Paramilitaries are also allowed at own cost."
"Brave Halfling Publishing"
"When asked if he has had a word with Ranbir about the issue, Anurag said, “Yes I have. But I have also shot several TV commercials with Ranbir in the past and I know that he sticks to the brief that he is given, without asking any questions. I spoke to him a couple of days back and he simply smiled. When Ranbir smiles usko sab maaf hai.”"
"What is your heart’s desire?"
"hardships in their homeland, to carve out a new life in America. The"
"\"Hey!\""
"Pudding"
"I spent the week before Christmas on vacation in Providence, RI. Before hopping on that Amtrak train, I hit Barnes & Noble to stock up on a genre I'm further studying: romance novels."
"There's a new NaPro Dr at one of my facilities. We have been blessed to \"hit it off\" immediately, and about 2 months into our work/friend relationship I discovered she had been reading my blog for years. Ha! In either event, I offered to help her train to do the NaPro ultrasound series, the way PPVI and our Center does it (veeeeeery particularly) on me as a test patient. As it turned out, she got back from her 2nd education phase at PPVI just in time for my baseline. And so, we started. Last week."
"I have been to three movies ... Did You Hear About The Morgans?, Blindside, and Avatar. I usually don't attend that many movies in a year, let alone a month. That's enough."
"This leads me to more of my constant thinking about my “self,” as opposed to “myself” (which I do, also). This lifetime of contemplation I have always thought must be related to my TLEpilepsy which affects me (and my comrades) with an aura of dissociation. However, I think perhaps it is simply what I do as part of my quest to find (oh, I wish I had a better way of putting this) “the meaning of life.”"
"Friday was Children in Need Day. At my daughter's school the pupils were offered a choice of spots or fancy dress."
"In John 3:16-17, we find that,"
"Add the carrots, potatoes, cannellini beans, cumin, and parsley to the broth mixture."
"Q-tip"
"I haven't brewed since the end of July. EGADS! I've already got my next two recipes that are sitting around waiting for me to get busy again."
"to photograph. I keep telling my self I would like to"
"prepare a box of lemon pudding and chill. meanwhile, cut a small indentation (hole) out of each cupcake, reserving all the hole tops. spoon in a small amount of pudding and gently place each top back on, don't press down. dust with powdered sugar and serve to grateful guests."
"3. You are an ill-meaning, schizophrenic President who couldn’t give a damn what happened to the poor and unemployed in the US."
"My house is a baby death trap! Not really but we have four cats and there is fur and hair floating everywhere (not to mention animal bits that go unfound, ehhh), I have always sucked at cleaning (esp vacuuming/sweeping/mopping--th​ough I'm getting better fast) . . . not to mention that James is ripping up the floor in the kitchen, so there are bits of linoleum and god knows what else scattered everywhere . . . basically, I can't let james in hardly any spaces by himself because he is CRAWLING FAST and pulling up on EVERYTHING."
"In the end, we write best about what we know."
"Stir together sour cream and just enough milk to get a thick pourable consistency."
"Interviewer: In some Islamic countries, there is a complete ban on building churches. What is your view on this?"
"Here are your random numbers:"
"It brightens my day when someone takes time to read and “like” the blog post of the day."
"Lewis Schaffer: Free until proved guilty Mike Tawil"
"Not only is she super talented, she lives in Utah, my home state!"
"When I was looking on You-Tube I found this great Tutorial from Christina how to make a Zig Zag Card. She also shows you how to make a double Zig Zag Card. So check here out. ;)"
"at the end of his life,"
"(Annie has NEVER screamed OR yelled at me in my entire life. i actually was laughing out loud as i typed such things because they couldn't be LESS like Annie. love you Pone!)"
"More able were the V-class Voc robots, who had the power of speech. In the absence of humans, Vocs performed essential control deck duties on a Sandminer and were capable of running the vehicle without organic supervision. They wore green tunics."
"Or how many pair of shoes does Kim Kardashain have or how many pairs of jeans does Mariah Carey have?"
"My followers almost doubled and a big thank you to all my new friends! I hope you chose to follow because you like what you read and not just because you felt sorry for me. I like having regular commenters, because I feel I get to know people a little and am happy to see them comment."
"When we started Vintage Graphs we said that we were not going to include “ratings”. We wanted to differentiate ourselves from the “good/bad” dichotomy and just state what a wine tasted like. As I’ve discovered, a wine can taste like “cherry” but it can be light, sour, unripe, overripe, etc. So with this graph I have instituted (for the first time) a THUMBS UP/THUMBS DOWN rating system."
"By calling Fairport an English equivalent to the Band, I meant that they have soaked up enough of the tradition of their countryfolk that it begins to show all over, while they still maintain their roots in rock. If you’ve ever been thrilled by British folk music (and if you haven’t, perhaps it’d be worth looking into), you’ll love Full House immediately. If not, it’ll probably take a little time, but it’ll be well worth the wait."
"The Plague"
"We have got so far out of the school mentality that we never pay attention to term holidays or grades or anything like that. The other day someone asked my daughter what grade she was in, and neither of us could answer the question. I actually had to count it up on my fingers, because the woman wouldn't accept my daughter's response of, \"I'm sort of multi-graded.\""
"We'll be in the new flat by September 11. I know I should be doing more in preparation, but right now.....nah. (See, that no is workin' rather well for me right now.)"
"Will you join me in praying for Jason and to continue believing in his work and praying that he will receive the greatest love one could ever receive."
"Earlier, Brodsky had asked about the general rationale for subsidies."
"As I went out to skate I realized I'd done it again! I'd blamed the"
"Eldane - Stephen Moore"
"I often remember"
"He warns you against being unmindful. You remember Allah; He too will remember you; call Him and He will make a response to your call. And verily divine remembrance is the highest virtue."
"I have this product on their lightest colour – Opal – but it’s not quite light enough and therefore I don’t use it that often. They do have a slightly greater colour range in their Corrective Stick which I hope to try in Porcelain."
"\"This is a good look at what happens when your housing prices get way out of line with the rest of the nation,\" Levy said. \"It will be interesting to see what happens when the market corrects itself.\""
"Legislators, please spend more time and money working out your members’ conflicts at the nearest corner couch trotter so you can get down to the business of running your state or face the prospect of one cold lonely road of:"
"Hence the press-ups. I shall fill these floppy hanglettes of skin with muscle and go for the Madonna look."
"Do you think we are being treated to signage from the stars for mere entertainment? Or is this season working on our DNA in cumulative fashion?"
"1) Increase research and developmentfor new tools and techniques–both defensive and offensive–for fighting cyberwar."
"(D) You have previously published with traditional publishers but did not enjoy the experience or have a great amount of success."
"but now we are together"
"Elsewhere, consumers who believed that Nutella was nutritious have won a $3.05 million lawsuit, the highest award ever paid to morons."
"The United States, for years, has had people debate the issue of welfare and who is responsible for helping the poor. Some people think that government is responsible to help the poor, others think that it is the job of the poor to somehow help themselves, and still others think that it is the responsibility of the individual to help the poor. The fact of the matter is that it is the job of the Church to provide for the poor. I do not have time to list every reference in scripture where God calls on His people to help the poor, but you can find a pretty good number of these references by clicking here. God never told the Church to let the government handle the poor."
"So I have just asked Chris if he can cook me a home made meal for V-day, that's all I want! I am excited to see what he cooks. I am sure we will be having some vino too :) I almost feel guilty for not getting a big gift but I know it's for the best. We have a house to rent or buy soon too. We are going to have plenty of gifts to buy together for our future real soon."
"10. Cop Killers"
"When I could I spent us much time near the tree-line as possible, staring in. I watched the Guardians fight when the occasional wolf came to steal a chicken. I practised the movements they used with a long stick. My coming of age was close approaching. I’d need all the knowledge I could get. I had become determined… infatuated with the idea of making it through the Forest. I dreamed of what lie on the other-side. For me it was always some kind of paradise. Warmth, and a treeless clearing stretching for miles. Hills of grass as far as the eye could see."
"I think if you are one of those that don´t quite hate GW but don´t quite like them either, you should try the LotR SBG or just wait for the WotR rules with lots of plastic boxed sets (cheap, by the way). They have the best figures and rules, and by far the best setting! You´ll see how GW sometimes do things the right way."
"I love people watching and taking things in and this was a cool place to do it. Every color, shape, and size. The standers, the sitters, the swayers, the dancers, the shouters, the clappers…all there. Old, young…all there with hands raised."
"I pick up my FEARLESS daily inspiration."
"Really, Maxim? Seriously? The blogger who wrote the article says, “Just imagining the slippery, sloppy butter-sex we’d have with Paula makes us…hungry for a bacon-wrapped, beer batter-fried stick of butter, weirdly.”"
"They removed a significant portion of his large and part of his small intestine and had it siloed with his intestine sticking out of his stomach for about a month. It was so hard seeing my son like that. He ended up getting very ademic because of the fluids he was given. He tripled in size and his skin was so tight that he couldn’t move. A couple weeks into it, we had a scare because air was in his silo, so another surgery was given to find the cause, but it turned out to be a leak in the bag. At the end of January he got closed up and was given a colostomy bag to give his intestines more time to heal. He was intubated this whole time, and February 9, it was decided that a tracheotomy was necessary because he was not breathing well on his own."
"I spent an hour two tinkering around to make this page."
"6. Barons Of Filth"
"How wrong I was."
"Now all we hear are bollywood numbers , the local flavor is lost forever at least in big cities like Delhi. In the Mugal times also Holi was played with fervor and gaiety. India’s cultural heritage has been enriched by the harmonious amalgamation and assimilation of various faiths and ethnicities."
"The Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation – which represents 200-million people worldwide and has 54 minority-group members – also issued a unanimous statement at its annual meeting in Rome, Italy, condemning the South African farm-murders/attacks against the Afrikaners, labelling these as \"Serious Human Rights Violations' during their annual general meeting in Rome, Italy. http://censorbugbear-reports.blogspot.com/2010/05/farm-murders-serious-human-rights.html"
"Though the title of this post says Arthur Devereux, I’m going to begin with Elmer Ellsworth. Ellsworth, as you may know, was one of the very first casualties of the Civil War. Friends with the Lincoln family, and a special favorite of President Lincoln’s sons, Willie and Tad, Ellsworth took it upon himself to destroy an obvious threat to the morale of the Union–a Confederate flag flying high in nearby Alexandria. We know the outcome–young Ellsworth was shot and killed, then held in state at the rotunda in the Capitol and instantly became a martyr and symbol of the cause of Union boys signing up left and right."
"One great demonstration of evidence a psychic can give is to accurately provide the name of a total strangers deceased loved one. As a big fan of the tv shows Sensing Murder, I have been very impressed with the accuracy of psychic Deb Webber who appeared in the Australian and New Zealand versions of the show. She consistently gets accurate information about the victim in the cases, relating to both letters and numbers. When I realised that I was failing to provide this imformation to my sitters, I realised I had to develop a system whereby spirits can point to a certain letter or number to help me spell out their name or date of birth / death. I have only been trying to do this for a few weeks so far and already I incredibly got the first 3 letters of someones name in a reading. I initially had guessed the entire name, but was incorrect. After several wrong guesses, all of which had started with the same 3 letters, I moved on, but could not let it go and came back to it later. The sitter then confirmed that the nick name by which this person was known did in fact start with these 3 letters. I could not have been more thrilled and will continue to develop this aspect of my ability."
"A few months ago, I showed you guys this quick and easy DIY headband storage system. Since then, I’ve been dying to show you my jewelry organization system, but with our cross country move, I sort of put it on the backburner. But now that we’re settled and moved in, backburner be gone!"
"“Let Your Light Shine” “Let Your Light Shine,” in blue “Now Fish For Men,” painting John Knox graphic John Wycliffe Menno Simons Frederick The Wise Erasmus Martin Luther William of Ockham Jan Hus Calvin William Tyndale White Silhouette of Martin Luther “Enter through the narrow gate” Pro-Life Links Menorah, line drawing Menorah, second version"
"My Rating: 5/5"
"Monday, 20 February: David Hall (48) was assaulted and shot dead during an attack on his dairy farm in the Fochville area. His wife, Bernadette (44), was tied up during the attack."
"Love is deep and love is strong"
"There might be various causes that creates the opportunity for parallel situations. It might relate to age, like young adults coming of age, sharing the same or similar experiences for the first time."
"though hearing, they do not hear or understand.”"
"If you need help, ask the right person, if you need more time, get up early tomorrow. Whatever works for you than commit to it and do it."
"Carl and Sarah should feel good about all the great memories they've provided to Easthampton over the past twelve years. The idea of Sunrise not being around does feel weird, but I admire them for what had to be a very difficult decision. Life only moves forward, and I wish them the best of luck with whatever new lifestyle they choose, whether it be Hawaii, Florence, or a small culinary college in Vermont. Thanks for the impact you've had on my life and the many in town who will miss your talent for creating great sweets. May the road ahead be everything you hope for and more."
"I know that I can ultimately handle whatever life throws my way but if I had my druthers, we'd all live forever."
"8. What’s the view out your window?"
"Then we have the most important associations. These are known as Causative relationships. One must happen for the other to occur. The relationship between people suffering Pulmonary Mesothelioma and people who inhaled Asbestos 20-40 years ago is 100%. There is no chance that someone suffering this disease did not inhale Asbestos."
"In my mind, the lacunae of a person’s life are breathing room spaces, like the white space on the pages of a book. As a reader, this is one of the reasons why I’m particular about publishing choices for a hard copy of a novel; if the page itself seems chaotic from a visual perspective, I will choose another book. Text without any spacing (either between words, lines, or paragraphs) runs together and either becomes nonsensical or too intense to comprehend. (There’s a reason why double-spacing is standard for essay-writing.) That’s how I feel when I have many things going on and not enough time to think or reflect about any of them. In those periods of time, it gets hard to tell what’s important and hard to discern meaning when there is little to no “spacing” between happenings. So in that way lacunae become necessary and important instead of random."
"The image is from a retired Stampin' Up set and I stamped it using Memento Tuxedo black ink. I didn't shade it in as I liked the \"old\" and worn out look with the black against the inked edges. I used some twine and brown rustic buttons to finish off the design."
"By the time Riley came around, choke chains were taboo. I am taking my life and my reputation into my hands just confessing to you that we once used one. No, for Riley it was clicker training. With clicker training, you have to be coordinated. You have the clicker in one hand, a treat in another, the dog's leash in another, and you do hand signals with the other. At least, that's how I remember it. I am not agile, and I only have two hands, and so I had a lot of trouble with clicker training."
"Twin 2: Stop bitching you got more than 2 shrimp!"
"Katy xx"
"Saying “I love you” and showing affection, especially when it is unexpected, feeds our love."
"I'd like to share a card today that would be cute for either a Congrats On Your Engagement or a Wedding card."
"Stunned."
"In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, and nutmeg. Season with salt and pepper."
"I believe I mentioned in a previous post that I had planned to attend a pastel painting studio at our local arts center, which I have been doing the past few weeks. It's been great to get me motivated as I've been hibernating too much all winter and needed this inspiration to paint again. So, thought I'd share a couple of the pieces that I created."
"Thank you for all you lovely wishes and get well messages."
"Once there, I wandered around a bit until I found myself in the chapel. Well, I thought, I will just kill the mobs in here and see if Alexa spawns. That used to be an hour plus event, so I figured I would run out my time doing that and then head to bed."
"Sue Duffy is an award-winning writer whose work has appeared in Moody magazine, The Presbyterian Journal, Sunday Digest, and The Christian Reader. She is the author of Mortal Wounds (Barbour, 2001), Fatal Loyalty (Kregel, 2010), and The Sound of Red Returning (Kregel, 2011). Sue has also contributed to Stories for a Woman’s Heart (Multnomah). She and her husband, Mike, have three grown children."
"One of the hardest—if not the hardest—element of writing a fantasy novel is worldbuilding. And to me, an integral part of that is setting. These are my earliest brainstorming notes for ELEMENTAL:"
"EVIDENCE"
"Jeg havde noget sort/hvidt stof i hanefjedsmønster, som har den fordel, at selvom man måske ikke er helt præcis, ja så kan det ikke ses."
"A big thanks to Alex for running the LPL, Ray for handling the leaderboard week to week, all the people who participated and all who came to look, comment and vote!"
"I have a great career. I am fortunate to find success in traditional publishing, and I know it. But this last year has taught me that if this is as good as it gets . . . I am incredibly glad for what it is RIGHT NOW."
"ADDENDUM 2: A great deal of attention has been put on John Lurie’s Lyme disease and the horrid New Yorker article written in 2010 (I’m not going to link to the article as I want nothing to do with improving the article’s ranking in search engines). Most readers know Le Clown’s a huge fan of the artist, mostly the musician (sorry buddy, I truly respect you as a painter, but your music speaks to my heart). Well, John is also a fantastic human being, and following the news of the custody battle for The Whispering Petunia, John gave me a shout this morning, by phone and on Facebook, with a message of hope. It’s truly appreciated John. You’re a very decent man."
"I think the reason this all bothers me so much is that it really feels like another failure on my part. I failed first time round to have a live baby and now I have what I've wished for I've failed to manage it without falling apart. In my darker moments I sometimes think losing J@cob was my warning. My hold it there you really shouldn't be doing this, you're just not cut out to have a baby, warning That's how I feel, like I don't deserve to have Emily, like I've let her down in some way. How can you get what you wished for and end up so messed up?"
"These Cookies are not for the faint of heart, and the aroma's of dark chocolate just wafting through your house will have you and everyone in it drooling ,before you even take them out of the oven......In fact excuse me a moment while I go get another cookie after all someone has to taste test........"
"Krishna said that we must do karma without kAma or sankalpa."
"Lopez is scheduled to be executed by lethal injection next Wednesday at the state prison in Florence in what would be the fourth execution in Arizona this year."
"I first removed to older tops with a hammer, you might want to remove all the drawers and look under your counter to see if there is a couple of screws in the corners first and remove the kitchen sink. Sorry I didn't take pictures of that step. It was surprisingly easy. I never messed with any plumbing and was very hesitated at first but there was now way to go forward with this project until I did. There has to be the first for everything!"
"I washed a load of laundry, packaged an e-bay order and got out all my baking supplies before I went to pick up g-son at pre-school."
"Texans — will be chillin’ out"
"To take this vessel"
"This gas field is found in the North Sea."
"My comment remained visible for some time, along with a few others which were equally cordial, by virtue of the fact that comment moderation hadn't been enabled. However, they suddenly disappeared, only to be replaced with the following message:"
"Rice -1 cup"
"My nephew: \"That's a nice...what is that? A skirt? Dress?\""
"What do you think? Do you feel yourself losing focus when on the Internet?"
"*is always YELLOW"
"If you have never used sugar scrub before, get ready for some super soft smooth feeling skin. I love every one I have ever made, and my sensitive skin usually gets dried out no matter what product I use. Just take a small scoop and add a few drops of water, then rub between your hands before applying to your face so it spreads evenly."
"Jean x"
"Saturday: Potluck Pantry"
"\"I am going to make a PLATYPUS.\""
"Ce Zoïle cagot naquit d'une Javotte."
"During this time, more and more were trying to get aboard the bottom of our overturned boat. We helped them on until we were packed like sardines. Then out of self-preservation, we had to turn some away. There were finally twenty-eight of us altogether on board. We were very low in the water. The water had roughened up slightly and was occasionally washing over us. The stars still shone brilliantly."
"I figured that having published 200 posts is a sort of milepost and that I needed to say a few things regarding the occasion."
"April is a great time to start eggplant seeds in Zone 9. Eggplants are part of the solanum, or nightshade, family which also includes tomatoes, sweet and chile peppers, and tomatillos. These plants all love the heat, making them well suited to our hot, humid climate. You'll find that many vegetable plants sputter out when our long summer drags on, but eggplants remain extremely productive during even the hottest summer months. In fact, eggplants started now should produce constantly from June through the first hard frost (which occurred last year in late November). That's six months of harvesting pounds and pounds of eggplants, enough to fatigue even the most ardent eggplant lover by the end of the growing season."
"If I had been in the ballet myself I would like to have been Puss-in-Boots’ girlfriend at the wedding party. I like cat movements in ballet because they are expressive and suit ballet style.”"
"There are ways to make the perfect pot of tea and most tea drinkers would argue long and hard for their ideal cup. The quantity and quality of favoured loose leaf, the temperature of the water, the time for the brew to seep and the whole pouring of the milk before or after are crucial decisions for the committed tea drinker."
"“Have you been making him work extra hard?” the manager shook his head."
"Former Judge Dan Wyde knows these cases. He defended a man in 2006 charged with setting Mercy the pit bull on fire."
"kids in Canada, the USA and in Mexico. His salary is matched by the"
"It's only money...isn't a quiet life worth it?"
"So I am practicing on my favorite subject.. my son: Here he is with our FIRST PUPPY .. a Pug named SIMON. Hey he chose it! We miss you Simon.!"
"Happy Valentine's Day!!!"
"Eternity's flow'r, with its homage of tears,"
"\"...Black pundits say that to be black and Republican makes one a despicable race-traitor worthy of no-holds-barred punishment. As a black conservative Republican, I'm not frightened by this; it just angers and frustrates me."
"As the demand driven system kicks into high gear the government has initiated an inquiry into rural and regional education which will focus on secondary school completion and access and participation in tertiary education. The demand driven system poses particular challenges for regional universities given the issues for access and participation. Most tertiary students tend in the first instance to migrate to cities to attend metropolitan universities. The need for regional universities to build areas of particular strength, to devise programmes that respond to local and regional socio-economic and skilling needs and the need for students to find support to attend regional universities have all been key to discussions. The review will also look at funding considering how the Structural Adjustment Fund can assist the regional universities and the creation of income contingent funding for students to attend regional universities."
"These shots are showing the stitch marker in the middle of the row--as you can see, I have about 11 or was it 15 stitches on one side of the marker and only 5 or so on the other side of the marker. I'm not sure how that happened--I thought I was counting carefully but I guess not. The sides should be equal. See me trying to use my left hand more--the right one is hurting so much that it's quite hard to make myself use it at times."
"i took advantage of spray painting weather in march."
"I galumph over to the coffee maker as the sound of a way-too-awake Mario and Luigi race around my living room."
"By now, you may know I am a little obsessed with organizing and beautifying closets. In fact, I have been plugging away at our Preston's closet this previous week and am extremely anxious to reveal the results to you...."
"16. Wouldn't wanna be like you - The Alan Parsons Project / 3:13"
"8.Hi Henry Brown / Preacher Blues"
"Rating 14"
"Last week, who was in town, ostensibly to clean out his summer place on the nearby New Jersey Shore but Mainely Dad, or as he's known to his friends, Duane."
"For this example I have broken the form data into three MySQL tables. One for the Volunteer’s personal information, one for interests and one for committee selections. Note that a single Volunteer can have anywhere from zero to four interests and from zero to eight committee selections. This is a typical one-to-many relationship. Though this session is not about database design you should recognize that the most efficient way to store information on a Volunteer’s interests and committees is to create a separate table for each and only save what is selected."
"hurting you is why,"
"In one of the biggest such moves, the Direct Marketing Association (DMA), through its subsidiary, the Association of Interactive Marketing (AIM), has released online commercial solicitation guidelines in an effort to promote high ethical standards among marketers."
"He spent the next three seasons pitching for the Bearcats. As a senior he led the team with a 3.11 earned run average and 87 strikeouts, including Big East Pitcher of the Week honors for striking out 11 batters in a win over Georgetown."
"He still cold as always but smile often now and without I realize that, I smile along with him, feel so comfort. It’s not that I don’t know he has purpose why he treats me like this, but I don’t want to think about that. And I don’t know why."
"You shall also be beautiful and prosperous in the hand of the Lord; you shall no more be forsaken-you shall be called a delight and will be protected by the Lord- God rejoices over you."
"John’s first letter after his arrest was almost euphoric. He was ready to fight what were described as exaggerated charges. He had never been arrested before and felt that anything would be better than not being able see his family again or communicate with them. He would fight the extradition for the next three years while housed in La Sante."
"ey up kidda"
"General Siphiwe Nyanda from the ANC's National Executive Committee admitted there were problems in the policing system."
"Concerning Character: Courtney is set up to be the heroine who's a fish out of water in both her family and her new neighborhood, but she isn't by any means insipid—she's got sass, even a little bit of attitude, and is determined to survive. The peripheral characters, for the most part (including her parents) are a bit exaggerated for humorous purposes, but Uncle Aloysius gets fleshed out into a rather intriguing and even sympathetic character. As a reader, it was satisfying to watch the development of their relationship."
"www.sluggerotoole.com/2007/05/14/what-about-all-those-dual-mandates"
"Drive By"
"Publishing this first poetry book has been a lifelong dream of mine! Growing up, I’ve been writing poems in the hopes that I will fulfill this dream and share my work with my readers. Thank you so much for your support."
"“A body of research also suggests that the power of an intention multiplies, depending upon how many people are thinking the same thought at the same time.”"
"Word on the street is that they have 3 US tour dates set up for this summer. Their first stop will be Portland, Maine. My best friends sister just so happens to live there and really wants to attend the show...as do I of course. It is going to be at an outdoor venue with an amazing view of the water. It's at the Eastern Promenade overlooking the Casco Bay...really now how perfect does that sound?! Crossing my fingers that I get tickets and this really happens because"
"He listed out very carefully and in detail what he wanted for me to work on. He even told me the reasons why he wanted those things done. I thought it was very sexy."
"MaryBeth has a flair for decorating. She even added nautical rope molding in the bathroom! She admits she loves to hunt for just the right items to enhance the look of the rooms."
"Know how to be drunk in public. You wouldn’t think this would be such a hard skill to hone, but for some it must be. I love being outside, listening to music and getting a little toasted just as much as the next person; however, there is no need for puking on strangers, having angry drunk fights or finding it acceptable to form a circle of friends around the “pickle in the middle” that is peeing in daylight right next to the beer tents – NOT COOL."
"I still need to catch up on Blood-C & Croisee and hopefully I’ll do it today. Yay."
"Its me (Hazel) who is the hostess this week."
"When it’s pouring with rain how you keep your cool without looking like a fool?"
"Paper: Olive green, Echo Park DP, PTI vintage cream, Fine Linen, gold"
"This is the debut on the list for Houston's Saint Arnold – they just made the cut at 48th. (Last year they were 51st – d'oh!) Well deserved, too – they rival Austin's Live Oak as my favorite Texas brewery. Rare is the occasion when I leave Austin's Ginger Man Pub without having at least of one of St. Arnold's cask-conditioned Elissa IPAs, and I almost always have at least one variety of St. A in my fridge."
"You're fucking annoying."
"If all of this wasn't enough, my cat Autumn was in the bathroom and at some point decided she was very interested in the ice cubes in the tub. She hopped up on the ledge and hung over like a ragdoll. She stretched her paws as far as they could go and tried desperately to bat at the ice cubes. She was maybe a half inch from the water's surface and could not manage to get any closer. I knew there was a good chance that if she inched forward any further she could fall in--making herself miserable, but even worse, splashing me with the cold water. I could have scooted toward her and given her a nudge off of the edge and back onto the floor, but that would mean moving and I was quite frozen to my spot. I just held my breath and watched her, every now and again I would look away to continue negotiating with the ice. \"Really you don't want to come too close to me, I might melt you.\" My eyes darted back and forth ice cubes, cat, ice cubes, cat, either one could possibly send me screaming at any given moment."
"I took about a 1/3 cup of powdered milk and put it in a container. Then I slowly added warm/hot water little by little while stirring with my finger. I wanted to do a mask so I needed it to be more of a paste rather than liquid. My powdered milk was kind of chunky so while stirring I would try to smooth out the chunks to become a smooth paste.. It worked... but not really. And thats ok."
"between an insulting stimulus"
"Jonathan Swift:"
"My lack of postings reflected Iowa politics until our governor decided to appoint a Democrat Senator to a state board of dubious necessity. Now a special election between an unknown (to me) and a former news-babe from local KCRG News, will set the balance of power over the next session. Lots of money flowing in state-wide and the local TV stations are busy."
"“Oh Roger, why did you have to be the first Englishman to ever set foot on Mars? Damn the space race! Damn it all to hell! How am I ever going to explain this at the tennis club?”"
"Does this mean management changes at Sigil? I can’t say at this point."
"And so when we look at the greatest example we have; that is Jesus Christ himself you will see he was born a star, he was called the bright and morning star and he was made a star. Matthew 28 v 18 He said all power in heaven and on earth has been giving unto me."
"Luckily for men, marriage ceremony or perhaps formal wear outfit is not overly complex. First of all you must discover out there when the wedding is actually dark tie. Quite simply black connect can be a dress rule for a formal evening occasion (wel arrive at its factors inside a tic). If you find absolutely no outfit program code stated on the invites you’ll be able to suppose it will be regular wise clothes or non-black link."
"Hope you like the little clip art piccie, it's how the computer makes me feel sometimes, lol. Feel free to save it and use it if you like it, it's free from clker.com"
"Unfortunately, for our late Great Britain the time has gone when such a dismantling could have occurred."
"in a café somewhere"
"-tweet about it or"
"…. past events with results in the present?"
"I don't need to be asked twice. I grip your hip firmly and thrust slowly in the rest of the way in. When I feel your ass gripping the very base of my cock, I let out a deep moan a pleasure."
"Then there is this atmosphere of Jane Austen's view on relation ships etc. that a lot of people has fallen in love with: The idea of finding a real-life Mr Darcy. \"The Jane Austen Book Club\" by Karen Joy Fowler touches a bit of that - though indirectly - but there are still references to the books of Jane Austen."
"Of course, we have seen this before with the Irish vote on the Lisbon Treaty, where it appeared the government were prepared to keep forcing the public to vote until they got the answer “right”. Prior to that, the previous votes cast by both the French and the Dutch were effectively disregarded when the EU leaders merely changed the word Constitution to Lisbon Treaty and carried on regardless."
"What I enjoyed most about this book is that it’s based on reality without all the cynicism that seems to prevail in popular children’s books today. (I’ve stated many times that I’m not fond of the recent trend in literature whose hero/heroine is a jaded adolescent who prides themselves on being disrespectful to their elders.) Furthermore, this book is more than your typical coming of age book. It also teaches a little about history. Since it takes place in 1963, we learned about the assassination of John F. Kennedy, astronauts landing on the moon and the dawning of feminism."
"“Not really. I won’t attend the first class though. Will drop in a little late.”"
"- Mirror vertical"
"You have helped me merge the love of Jesus with my crafting, I study and then I craft based on it, how wonderful is that! I'm also trying to stick to my journaling, a little harder but doable with your help, Thanks."
"first published: 1844"
"More to the point, can someone say that “Jesus is Lord” but not acknowledge that He is God? I don’t believe so."
"Course, getting it in, getting it to the top of a tower block, assembling it. These are all difficult tasks."
"The vast majority of these tickets are written for Disruption of Class or Transportation, Disorderly Conduct, curfew violations (leaving campus without permission), truancy, and fighting where no weapon or serious injury is involved. Over a five-year period, Class C tickets were issued to 1,200 elementary school students in Dallas ISD. Houston ISD’s police department wrote 5,763 Class C misdemeanor tickets to students in 2008-09 alone."
"I leave my car unlocked and the windows open when I pop into the"
"A player can purchase \"eggs\" for real money, but we aren't doing that. Instead, we use \"breeding caves,\" choosing dragon types that seem likely to produce the hybrid we seek. The process often takes a day or two in real time. We are learning patience."
"Quote from a movie or TV show: I'll be back!"
"To preface this review, I must first admit to having never read the best selling books from whence this burgeoning franchise has arisen, and I really have no inclination to remedy this any time soon, so any thoughts on how well said books, or in this case, book (the first of a trilogy written by Suzanne Collins) has been adapted and put up on the big screen by director Gary Ross will not be forthcoming any time soon either. Now considering Collins is one of the three credited screenwriters here, one could make a rather safe assumption that the movie is at least fairly faithful to the book - or at least as faithful as a film adaptation can be. But that is neither here nor there, for I am here to talk about the movie and how enjoyable or unenjoyable it just so happens to be. I suppose that enjoyablity factor, at least in my not-so-humble opinion, is somewhere above middling but somewhat below fair - or is that the other way around. Anyway, I digress."
"Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Stanley Tucci, Elizabeth Banks, Donald Sutherland"
"The moral of this story is, the world of today has no morals....."
"Several articles were published about the talk; some supportive and some not. I'm going to address one particular criticism - that we should not even discuss the possibility that differences between the sexes account for some of the underrepresentation. To do so, it is claimed, propagates stereotypes which are harmful to women considering or already involved in science."
"Hat tip: Norm Geras (btw, Norm’s wife, Adèle, has a new book out, Made In Heaven. It’s her 91st book, for heaven’s sake. Conscience to Dymphna: think of that next time you’re whining about being behind in your posting, Dymphna dear.)"
"Hubby(incredulous since we have only changed or address with them a MILLION times, but who’s counting): But we haven’t lived there for 2 years!"
"Larita is shunned by most of the Whittaker family (as even her babe-faced spouse proves too immature to defend her honour) but she does find an unlikely ally in the equally free-spirited, Mr. Whittaker (Colin Firth). He is a funny and likable character right from the get go despite being a former soldier who went AWOL on his family after the Great War ended, only to be dragged back to the mundane country no doubt kicking and screaming."
"I’ve had a raspberry smoothie for breakfast and mixed nuts for my mid morning snack. Lunch was just a Food Doctor Wholesome Pot as I had to spend my lunch hour running errands so I needed something quick, warm and filling! This was closely followed by a ginger bread Nakd bar. Mid afternoon I had to pop out of work for five minutes so I took the opportunity to buy myself a bag of peanut M&M’s – not great, but I had some good news to celebrate! I ate a banana before the gym and just had a quick session – 20 minutes cross trainer and 20 minute random bike intervals."
"This is one of those books where there are problems and frustrations you note as you read it, but then when you close the book after the last page, sigh happily, and say ‘that was a good story.’ Carson wrote a very satisfying type of traditional fantasy that I, an inveterate fantasy reader, couldn’t help but gobble up in one sitting. And yet there are many of the flaws of a traditional high fantasy book as well."
"Ao decides he doesn’t want to pilot the giant again, for fear he’ll cause more damage than he’d prevent. On the way home, he and Naru are ambushed by Naru’s father and friends. They capture Ao and plan to use him as a bargaining chip in negotiations with Japan. The Okinawans also capture Elena in order to get Gen-Bleu’s attention, and warn them to stay out of their affairs. When an aircraft carrier-sized secret appears, escorted by a fleet of smaller secrets, Fleur and Elena engage it in battle. Both Bleu’s Ivica and Gazelle descend on the house where Ao is being held, with Gazelle ultimately rescuing him and flying him to the Nirvash, which he decides he must pilot so he’ll never have to apologize to the next generation for doing nothing."
"Fade Skinny: Action Learning Sets (ALS) involved regular action-focused peer-discussion groups that address workplace issues. This article reviews the literature and personal experience of ALS and finds that ALS builds trust, helps professional development and enables action on issues/ problems."
"Other: Circle Nesties, SU Corner Rounder Punch, SU Button, Colorbok Metal Dots, Dimensionals"
"The Annunaki are divided into 2 main factions, with the “bad guys” being about 1/3rd of them and the “good guys” being about 2/3rds. The “good guys” are mostly not on this planet at the moment, but are back home on Nibiru, and they appear to only have access to this planet when Nibiru gets close enough to us, which is a long involved story."
"Wendi and I were determined to at least, hear her voice! LOL We scheduled a conference call with her one day and sparks FLEW!! She was amazing! Incredibly genuine and down to earth!! We both instantly clicked with her just like we had been friends forever! She was JUST like us!"
"And yes, the ivy is exceptionally luscious."
"After announcing service reductions and route eliminations earlier this year, DDOT Chief Freeland stated that he intended to focus on improving service and timeliness on the remaining routes. DDOT may claim that by reconfiguring the schedule, connections and transfers will occur quicker for many passengers. If DDOT has run models on the data before and after the reconfiguration and the new schedule appears to be more efficient, then positive public feedback after the changes should result."
"We picked up this new porch bench cushion on Wednesday, but I had yet to actually put it outside. Ryann decided it was her pillow seat and felt the need to sit on it for her snack. Ry and I packed up and headed to Grammy's house Friday afternoon. When we got there she enjoyed putting on a little concert for me, reading with Grammy, and basically being Papa's shadow. This kid LOVES her Grammy and Papa, and asks to go to their house pretty much every other day."
"Can you tell, from the title, that I had a bit of a problem with these cards? Actually, 'bit of a problem' is a 'bit' of an understatement. BTW, they are identical; well, as identical as they can be, when they are not mass-produced."
"There really isn't much to the challenge, but it's not easy. You log all of your food, make sure you eat a green veggie each day, cut out the sugar (read labels to make sure!) and do at least 30 minutes of exercise each day. See, not bad, but today I had the worst headache. From the lack of sugar, perhaps? I really didn't think I had that much sugar in my diet. Interesting, huh?"
"the assumptions we make bear the fruit of"
"Appreciatively yours, Steve Lemon"
"The Patterson’s were blessed with one child, a daughter. Casey Ann was born on February 2nd. This event thrilled Clinton and automactiv=cally called her, his little groundhog. When she was young, she loved the nickname her father so lovingly gave her. However, as she got older, the cuteness wore off. As Casey grew, she became a charming young lady with great promise of a wonderful life. She had a sweet personality, kind to everyone she met. Blessed with lots of family and friends. Casey had one very special admirer. This fine, upstanding young man was Casey’s next-door neighbor, Pascal Pete Rutherford."
"Folks, it's high time we featured the work of this undisputed master of screwball masters. Milt -- if you don't already know -- is the goods. His comics are interchangeable with the definition of screwball: odd. zany, eccentric, and impulsively whimsical. His very line is screwy -- eccentric, spontaneous strokes that somehow create hilarious little drawings. A fellow screwball fan who knows his stuff recently coined the term \"loose-scrawl cartooning\" as a possible common element in screwball comics. I love that term, and certainly the comics of Milt Gross represent the apex of loose-scrawl cartooning."
"Speaking of baller, I finally got my Christmas tree put up. And it wasn't anywhere near as tragic as last year's Christmas tree dramz."
"love from celebrities from other countries right? ^^"
". Business Card (2x front, 1x back)"
"“He refuses to appear anywhere with John Howard.”"
"Beetlejuice"
"514100 Information services (including news syndicates, libraries, & on-line information services)"
"Thanks for viewing!"
"\"Reluctantly leaving this beautiful prospect, we resumed our studies, and passed across a foot bridge to take a look at the grist hopper then being filled from the elevator. It is a large square iron receiver, tapering towards the bottom, capable of holding eighty quarters of malt, and is placed over the tuns below. To view these vessels we had to descend to a lower stage or gallery On our way we came to two hot-water tanks, each holding 120 barrels, protruding a few feet from the wall, the larger and hidden portion being carried over the roof of the next house, while another boiling tank is situated in the opposite corner of the building. They are both heated by steam coils from the exhaust pipe of the engine, and in front of them are two steam automatic traps for cutting off the condensed water.\""
"Anastassios Liambas, University of Thessaloniki, Greece, and Ioannis Kaskaris, 37th Primary School of Thessaloniki, Greece: Dialog and the love in the work of Paulo Freire"
"Nah, I swear to god, you’re like gum under my shoe!"
"2.) Maddux is the biggest busy body you'll ever meet... I'm sure you think I'm exaggerating but trust me if you were to meet him you would understand almost everyone comments on how busy and grabby he is that I litteraly just don't have te time for this anymore... Plus my laptop broke thanks to Maddux so I can't be in the same room as him and I really need to take nap time for time to prepare lunch, clean, shower, read my bible or workout not to sit on the computer."
"Congratulations Michele and grab your Showcase Winner Badge on the sidebar to proudly display on your blog!"
"The movie dispensed with all that nonsense about the $742.30 cab ride, but it still had playboy Danny Churchill (Rooney) making a spectacle of himself in New York. \"Treat Me Rough\" was the song used, performed by Tommy Dorsey's band and sung by June Allyson. (Allyson was an MGM newcomer, simultaneously filming this one-shot while recreating her Broadway role in the studio's movie of Best Foot Forward. By the time Girl Crazy was released, she had already made her splash in Best Foot Forward and was on her way to major stardom.)"
"There is very little advertising, leaving the majority of the magazine full of child-related articles: most are activity based (crafts, projects, games), with some age-appropriate kids books, and a few recipes."
"OH"
"But even the worst kind of confessions usually have some tincture of simple honesty. Is there nothing in A Journey, nothing that could be offered in mitigation? On reflection I suppose there is, though on further reflection I think the mitigation compounds the general offence."
"I'm probably butchering the story all up since I'm a writer and can't help but embellish the facts. So, here's a link to her post:"
"McBride planted a false bomb at the Pine street parkade in Durban, to make a political statement at a time when a group of foreigners were visiting South Africa. The foreigners came to be referred to as the \"EMINENT PERSONS GROUP\". Their aim was to broker a settlement in South Africa. No injuries, death or damages resulted from this incident."
"Honey, Twilight & Cocoa ink"
"The resulting novel is very different from that first book but I’m glad I decided to go back to my roots. The book is finished now and published. Did I succeed in meeting the challenge? Only time and the reader can tell."
"“Tell your friend that Algar has to cancel their dinner date this weekend. He’s been called back to the Dark Country,” Declan’s voice flowed through the microphone like smooth jazz."
"NtH accused me earlier of being unable to follow the puck. Guilty as charged. Honestly, I'm surprised anyone can follow the puck. Compared to the size of the sticks, pads, and people, it's pretty tiny. And if I can't follow who has what where and when, then fuck that shit."
"It is a good, good thing to celebrate the commonality and the diversity of our beliefs and practices. Unschoolers and Sudbury families alike face a status quo that seeks to invalidate us and make it unnecessarily difficult for us to follow our hearts. Getting to know each other’s approach better, sharing our ideas and success stories, and working to build acceptance for what we do can only help as we lay the groundwork for a future in which all children are truly free."
"No real lesson to share here other than buyer beware. Oh, and stay away from Copperhead - snake, wine brand or otherwise."
"Let it be written on the sacred tablets that those who write plays and scenes to be acted out by computers will be forgotten, for this is writing that few will see. No matter how brilliant, no matter how creative, no matter how clever, no matter how efficient; these writings will be lost. No dead sea scrolls are they!"
"Have no illusions, the Curse specifies: human flesh and blood. This isn’t a nicety. An animal won’t ‘do’, at a pinch. Refuse the hunger what it demands and see what happens. The hunger isn’t at all pleased. The hunger feels it is incumbent on itself to teach you a lesson. One you won’t forget."
"It’s faded, full of holes, and way too small for her now."
"The neighborhood is very safe. I am not saying there’s no crime."
"So, all of this being stated, when some one decides to play the race card(s) as has been done lately (Trayvon Martin), I want to hear what the other side is saying/thinking. I did not say what the other side is saying or thinking is correct, I want to hear it so I can make a proper judgement call based on my experiences."
"Tonight at Rite Aid I saw and bought a bunch of new stuff including: new neon Petites nail polish colors, Julie G nail colors - good variety duochrome nailpolishes - purples, pinks; also new Revlon Colorstay Whipped Creme Makeup (the display had little peel back samples of the color \"Nude\") and Revlon Colorstay Overtime mascara - this week all Revlon is 40% off at Rite Aid, so an ideal time to try some new stuff. Thanks so much, CBBgreen, for the fantastic sighting info!"
"“Do you want the bread with that?”"
"I sometimes see other libloggers linking to sites like these and I have a word of advice: don’t. When we link to low-content sites from our high-content sites, we are telling Google and everyone that we think that the site we are linking to is in some way authoritative, even if we’re saying they’re dirty scammers. We’re helping their page rank and we’re slowly, infinitesimally almost, decreasing the value of Google and polluting the Internet pool in which we frequently swim. Don’t link to spammers."
"So where does Rayna Payne fit into this perfect union Isis has created in her mind? In Isis' opinion, she doesn't but Nigel is quite smitten with this Southern Belle. In fact, he thinks Rayna just might be the one for him."
"In other words, the argument can be made that Tolkien's starting position for both Middle Earth and his take on fantasy was closely in line with what modern fantasy writers are doing today. That he, like them, imagined a fantasy world in which people sought money and power, and thought only of their own petty concerns. The difference between Tolkien and modern fantasists is that he didn't like what he saw, and set out to change it. The Hobbit is quite decidedly set against greed and the desire for wealth, not only through the character of Smaug, but through Thorin and his reaction to regaining his grandfather's treasure. When Bilbo and the dwarfs are set loose in Smaug's hoard, the effect that the gold and jewels have on them is explicitly likened to a magic spell, a lingering effect of the dragon's presence, and Tolkien uses the same terms to describe this spell that he will later use to describe the lure of the ring. Bilbo's theft of the Arkenstone is described almost as a compulsion, and recalls Pippin's obsession with, and theft of, the palantir. Characters who value gold above all things come to a sticky end--Smaug, Thorin (who forgives Bilbo only when he knows that he is dying, and can't take the treasure that Bilbo stole from him to the afterworld), and even the master of Lake Town, who steals the money meant for the town's reconstruction, then dies alone in the wilderness. Bilbo, meanwhile, learns to relinquish wealth--he gives up the Arkenstone, and his fourteenth share in the treasure, in the hopes of making peace between Thorin and the besiegers, and when he returns home takes only a small reward from the dwarfs, and even leaves unmolested the treasure that he and the dwarfs took from the trolls on their way out."
"A member of Occupy Cleveland revealed that at least some of the suspects had attended the group’s events, sparking concerns that some supporters of the anti-capitalist movement could turn to violence."
"SIGNATORIES"
"The unit, staffed by a dozen or so detectives, traces the flow of foreign politicians’ money through London, and is funded by the UK government’s Department for International Development, which also delivers aid to Africa."
"5. I am a multi-media designer. I do graphic design for print, web design, and photography. I hope to someday get into video. I also dabble in landscape and furniture restoration."
"During the summer Hanks and I reconnected. Once again, I didn't question anything and just went about my life. We'd occasionally text and such but never saw each other. When my dad and sister were here and went out, they bumped into him. Hanks recognized them because my sister looks a lot like me, said hi and passed along hellos to me. It was like old times after that encounter. His texts cracked me up after my surgery, or it was the medication, but both Dirty and I were laughing at them. He answered a few questions I had about school and such. Once again, totally casual. Then we went out the other night with a few friends. It wasn't a planned get together, but we ended up talking all night and drinking beer with our friends. It was fun and I thought maybe we'd be able to be friends again, but no."
"All of which explains why even many staunch Democrats have not talked much about poverty."
"Xu B, Chia SE, Ong CN. Concentrations of cadmium, lead, selenium and zinc in human blood and seminal plasma. Biol Trace Elem Res 1994; 40 : 49-57."
"BOSCH UPS ITS PATENT ACTIVITY: Researchers and developers at Bosch made a record number (2,791) of patent applications in 2004 (2003: 2,748). Bosch’s Automotive Technology division claims it registered more patent applications than any other company in the automotive industry."
"After dinner we clean up the house, the boys usually have to clean up their room, so I will clean the kitchen and pick up the living room. And I will try to do any breakfast prep for the next day."
"Some of this supps will help you accelerate your progress but remember guys , as the term implies this are supplementary to what you are doing, nothing will beat hardwork and whole foods ….as on its own, these supplements will do very little for you – Love your body"
"A few summer's ago we made a deal: eat all summer long from only the food co-op & the farmer's markets minus a Costco list of dog food, coffee, flour, sugar, and a few other items we couldn't afford to buy locally. We did okay but it was far from perfect. Part of it was us, part of it was a financial issue (suppose that is us too), & part was a timing issue with getting enough food from the markets and having it last (the cheaper & more variety at the co-op 1x a month: the more pricey & hit-or-miss farmer's markets 1-2x a week)."
"I was a kid with longing, and there, on one of those late nights, on the French-language channel no less, (because it hardly mattered), was a film destined to be one of my very favourites; the most famous silent film in the world, by far; the most thoroughly restored, the most lovingly stolen from, the most often screened, too, I bet—and what I saw has never left me. But then, in another sense, it has. That film, that night, was not the Metropolis I saw this week."
"I've been sewing in here every day since! It is so nice. I've also been a good girl, and cleaned up my mess each time I finish, so that I can keep the room looking good. Next I plan to have a friend come over and help me go through my fabric stash. I'm pretty sure I like and want everything that I have, but I would like another set of eyes, and I don't want to keep anything I don't have a plan for. Right now I have a few things in a Facebook album that I'm offering for sale or trade."
"Once a blogger shall always be a blogger. I realize that wherever I am, whatever I become, my love for blogging remains. For five years, I have experienced, and I felt what other bloggers have experienced."
"That is what I added to my TBR stack. What did you get this week?"
"In our second segment, we talked about different scenarios for deflection and the cost of deflection compared to the cost of an evacuation of people from the impact zone. Rusty talked about knowing the impact zone and why we can evaluate this much further in advance of impact than when working with space debris. A listener asked about using a nuclear bomb in space for mitigation. Rusty took us through the nuclear analysis and when as a last resort, a nuke might be needed. In this analysis, he again went over the kinetic impact and then talked about the gravity tractor concept which he said was slow but very precise. In his analysis, he used an interesting analogy to baseball, pitching the fastball, & the point at which the batter must act given the speed of the ball. Don’t miss it. We talked more on telescopes and he mentioned the University of Hawaii ATLAS project (www.fallingstar.com). Another important point discussed in this segment was the fact that NASA has no official responsibility to protect us from a hit. We talked about the consequences of this policy, changing the policy to officially give NASA this responsibility, and funding it through the budget process. During our discussion, Rust outlined several steps that listeners could take if interested in this issue. Rusty offered specific recommendations all of us could do that would be beneficial to planetary defense."
"If there’s one trend that I absolutely cannot stand, it is the functionalist view that every course of action pursued by Humans should necessarily serve some sort of goal, or practical application. This, of course, rapidly gives rise to the idea that all Human actions can be thought of in terms of their monetary value; in essence, reducing all Human interactions to quantitatively-described financial transactions, thereby (paradoxically) cheapening the value of Human life."
"He takes care of things for me."
"Anyway, we're pretty sure this is what happened to Pluto...put in terms for a 5-year-old, its big brothers Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune ate up all the gas before Pluto got any, so it's been left as just a lonely little planet seed. I think there's probably a moral in there somewhere for him about sharing with his sister, too."
"Theresa's Blog - Marilyn Nimmo"
"307 **15. “The Bar Exam and a Proper Legal Education.” Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, November 6 1998, pp. 6, 20. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), pp. 400-04.)"
"04. Captain Bacardi - Antonio Carlos Jobim & Claus Ogerman / 4:29"
"The Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan claimed responsibility for a pair of suicide bombings on a Frontier Constabulary training center in Charsadda that left at least 80 dead in what the militant group said was in revenge for the “Abbottabad incident,” referring to the death of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden (Reuters, AFP, AP, Dawn, NYT, Guardian, WSJ, Post). Pakistani police officials, however, were skeptical that the attack, the deadliest in Pakistan since November, was the work of the TTP, and suggested it may have been orchestrated by Omar Khalid’s group, which is currently fighting the Pakistani Army in Mohmand. At least 140 were wounded (BBC, CNN). Yesterday in Karachi, Pakistani police said they arrested four TTP militants who were also affiliated with a Punjabi Taliban group (DT, AFP). And a suspected U.S. drone strike in North Waziristan has just killed at least three (AP, AFP)."
"Remember how you got through it and how you wore your scars proudly as trophies?"
"And not everyone talks about asparagus pee or knows what I am talking about. I remember how my family would eat asparagus and then we would talk about how our pee would smell. I would go around talking about my asparagus pee and think it was so hilarious. Then I come to find out that not everyone smells their asparagus pee. Jeff informs me that he didn’t know what the hell I was talking about and that his pee never smells after eating asparagus. Damn. But really his pee does smell, he just doesn’t have the ability to sniff it out. Side note, I gave my dog asparagus and when I let him out, I could totally smell asparagus pee. Hilarious."
"Who says that conservatism is produced by a fear of death"
"Sound your barbaric yawp. Mr Keating would be proud. O Captain my Captain."
"This pillow from Sugarboo Designs is just too sweet to pass up! I think it would be a nice addition once I start on the Master Bedroom, redesign!"
"Then, I called around for prices on mounting on a foam board. The best price I found was at Ben Franklin in Kaysville, UT. It was $17 each. Hobby Lobby was $26 each, and Michael's was $32 each! They didn't offer to price match after I told the the price at the other store either. Oh well. I love the dry mount, because they run it through a machine, that adheres it to the board, and also puts a protective covering over the top, so they can be touched."
"So, it seems that the alarmists are going to focus on eliminating coal, which provides roughly 50% of the world’s power supply. Just to play my well worn cassette, none of them ever suggest that they themselves practice what they preach. They just want to make others pay for their unhinged and anti-science beliefs."
"Sony ICF-C180COS Radio AM/FM- Dream Machine"
"Their father twisted one of his old fencing trophies and Sam nearly fell backward as the bookcase slid open with a hiss to reveal a second, smaller room. It was like something out of a spy movie, but in her own house. She clutched Abby's hand as if it could save her from drowning. Nothing was normal about this."
"By: Veronica Roth"
"I should find, for a reprimand"
"Dumber You Will Be Too with Over-Treatment of BP"
"This week has been especially tiresome, stress inducing..bordering down right depressing. So what does one do when feeling the blahs? She goes shopping! It's even better when the scores are AWESOMELY priced!!"
"you remember past wrongs. you file them neatly in your memory bank. you don’t necessarily think about them all the time, but you can dial them up a moment’s notice."
"The good Doctor played to this and – rather bravely, I felt – decided to incorporate the gent in his act which eventually culminated in his – even more bravely – inviting the guy up onto the stage."
"But I'm glad to say that I really enjoyed it and was extremely curious as to how the story would unfold."
"Of course, I may have got some of this wrong, but really, does any of this matter? Just so long as we can exchange comment over a cup of tea and a biscuit, does it matter?"
"CS: Cherry Cobbler, Naturals Ivory, Not Quite Navy, Botanical Gazette DS"
"When it came to explaining the significance of the relics, Martin again had all the knowledge. He told us the stories of Maya – how they lived, who they worshipped, what this cave meant to them. He told us the stories of the human sacrifices – including the Crystal Maiden – who willingly gave up their lives for their beliefs. What I loved about him was that he would give you the official explanation – devised by learned anthropologists – and then he would tell you what he thought. His interpretations often made as much sense – if not more – than all the academic theories."
"If you’ve ever watched The Fast and The Furious, or heard about drifting, this is as close as you can get. Find an empty wide street or empty parking lot, accelerate to 30 mph and just pull the handbrake while steering to the left or the right at the same time. Going sideways in your car is lots of fun. You can even take an extreme driving course where they teach you how to do controlled skidding and handbrake turns (so you don’t crash your car or kill someone)."
"This week I'm feeling a bit dazed and out of sorts, like someone needs to poke me to really wake me up. It's that February funk where you feel overwhelmed a bit, but also like you're running through waist-deep sludge that prevents you from running at full speed. In professional terms, I call it my \"Season of Self-Doubt\" as it is the time of year I always start to feel like I'm not doing enough. I've learned that every teacher feels this at some point, so I try to just deal with it and keep moving!"
"If the cheese is neufchâtel"
"a planting of the LORD"
"This morning there is four inches of snow. It is still sleeting and there are plenty of branches down on the Scots pines. There is a snow drift at the top of the lane, so I shall not venture out to Writers' Group. But, as I write, the sky is clearing and there are patches of blue here and there. The snow is that really wet stuff, so should go quite quickly."
"We are all bringing a dish to pass, but since it's taking place in our Casa, I'm in charge of the 80s decor. My budget is $20 or under. Bring on the Goodwill!!! I seriously love the Goodwill. It's better than chocolate. Okay, maybe not chocolate, but I love it."
"A few months ago, Lisa from LVStyle contacted me to see if I’d be interested (!!! if I’d be interested, ha!) in blogging for the magazine’s new website. HECK YES. I decided to go with a “live local, day in the life, plus a recipe” format for content."
"Resources from 3/8/2012"
"Sebastian VETTEL: I think it is hard to say how much we lost but surely we lost the lead. I think we had quite a bit of a cushion at that stage so it didn’t help. I came out behind Fernando and Lewis and struggled to get past really. I had some places where I was quite close to him but it didn’t quite work so we went in for the stop and I had a longer stint at the end. But all in all we had a very good race. It was very difficult in these conditions. I had a brilliant start and was able to pull away quite good at the beginning of the race on intermediate tyres. Then I think we waited a little bit and we weren’t that aggressive which cost us a bit of our lead plus then the pit-stop so little mistakes here and there. But you cannot get it right all the time and you have to accept Ferrari beat us fair and square today. It was not only in this race, I think there has been a certain trend over the last couple of races. They have been very strong on race day on Sunday and generally improving their car so it shows us we need to keep on working very hard and keep pushing very hard so soon it is the other way around again."
"The site also tries to give insights into my writing, whether I’m feeling affectionate or thinking about death or if I use present tense verbs or what sense (read: vision) I’m using for description."
"Can I get a really loud HALLELUJAH, IT'S ABOUT TIME!!!"
"Second, salt accumulation can be dangerous to a potted plant; in fact, letting a potted plant get too much salt accumulation is like leaving it out to dry in the desert. City water is very high in calcium, and may accumulate salts that will increase the pH (acidity) of the soil. A high pH means an unhealthy plant. You can avoid this by watering your plants with filtered or distilled water (i.e. water from a Brita filter). You can also apply an appropriate amount of a slow release fertilizer (Osmocote, for example), to ensure that salt accumulation will not be a problem."
"On a more positive note, I had ramen twice this past week."
"3) Loud sounds to distract others from my independent and sassy three-year-old."
"Here's an example Willie Randolph the Hall of Fame bound World Series winning player and coach (shamelessly fired last month by the Mets. punks.) Not only played High School ball at Samuel J. Tilden in East Flatbush, but when I was there on the baseball team in the 80s his uniform (from 1972) was still in use. Trivia! Feel the enlightenment!"
"I don’t recall calling it that; But then again I am not a big fan of compromises. But I can say that we are heading for deeper techno waters on the forthcoming album so be prepared."
"Save the date for the Holly Jolly!"
"As you can see, my assumption was very off course, and as a result ended up in my anxiety and stress."
"Arben Dzaferi: A country survives, if there is internal cohesion or if its citizens show greater loyalty to the country and not to the ethnic group they come from. In multiethnic countries the issue of its citizens’ membership of ethnic groups is opened, either on purpose or not. According to sociologists a country’s stability and functioning are affected by three prerequisites: internal cohesion, economic condition and respect for the essentials of liberal democracy. Due to this standstill, these countries start to collapse."
"The second major feature of the hydrological system is the huge seasonality of the Blue Nile’s flows, concentrated from July to October in a spectacular flood."
"How You Can Help"
"SO.....who are our winners I hear you ask!??!?!"
"KOTOSOUPAAVGOLEMONO 9"
"There were so many uniquely brilliant records coming out in 1981, it boggles the mind. 1981 was a big year for Scotland's Positive Noise as well. The original incarnation lead by Ross Middleton's distinctive croon. Released an LP, a bunch of singles, and had a couple of comp appearances. Their Heart of Darkness is one of my favorite post-punk LP's of the day, and has yet to be reissued. If you haven't heard Heart of Darkness, I recommend you check it out here before listening to these singles."
"6) I have to move out, because soon I won't have a place to live"
"I am soulful"
"The first Supper Club was entitled ‘An Evening with Cloudy Bay’, and along with some fellow food bloggers (Nikki from Your Last Mouthful and Nicki from Cardiff Bites), Mr W and I enjoyed a four course menu, with each course accompanied by a different Cloudy Bay wine that had been specially chosen to complement the dish. A Cloudy Bay sommelier was on hand to explain each of the wines to us before we tried it, which made the evening feel like much more than just a normal meal out."
"QUESTION TIME: INTER-FAITH CLASHES, INFLATION AND SOMALIA"
"Now, I don’t follow this artist at all and I don’t know what her intentions were in writing this song. So, I am not judging her motives. She may mean very well. But the lyrics of this song really repulse me. This is not because her song is vulgar or crude. It’s because the entire song is very confusing if she is talking about God, which she supposedly is, because the words seem better fitted as directed towards her boyfirend or husband (if she has one). In fact one would be hard-pressed to show from a proper theology of God how she is even referring to Him in this song. It would certainly be a stretch. The fact is, apart from a couple slight insertions of the word “Lord,” I highly doubt the average person on the street if hearing this song would have any idea Jamie Grace is even singing about God. That bothers me immensely."
"Monday……………….1/23/12:Tunnels"
"Another day of mixing patterns. Except for my jewelry, this is a total thrift get up. What is up with my hair? This photo was made at the end of my long day and I need a haircut."
"The Term vyabhicahara is used to designate budhi as done in Bhagavad Gita which dictates that one should have budhi avyabhicharini-single pointed thinking process. It does not mean every one can achieve the said status of budhi. But as stated earlier these preferences can be regulated if detected early and corrected or can be chosen to ignore in which case they go our of control with what ever consequences to follow forth."
"Thanks once more go to Stony River for prompting a typical Jinksy reply to this week's Microfiction Monday challenge of writing a little something in less than 150 characters. Feel free to count them if you must, but I assure you they're well within the guidelines!"
"- Anyone conveying poorly-conceived symbolic props will be barred from entry"
"Meanwhile, down at the GGP’s (aka my in-laws, ”the Great-grandparents”), the parking area became the staging area for the round-up. Once the fugitive had been apprehended, the emergency team (which had entered the property from the highway) had to figure out where they were and notify the emergency vehicles of the location relative to actual roads. The GGPs watched as police and dog escorted a bleeding, hand-cuffed man up from the stream road along the tractor path through their yard to the parking area of their house. There the EMTs secured him to a wheelchair, hoisted him into the ambulance, and whisked him off to a hospital for treatment. At this point the police departed, the ambulance departed, the fire-fighters went through some automotive gymnastics with flashlights to turn the truck around in our driveway, and then it also departed. The slow parade of exiting emergency vehicles took all the spinning, pulsing, throbbing lights with them."
"When he arrived at the poor girl's house she was not standing in the doorway, but instead was sitting in her little kitchen. He stopped his horse and looked into the window, through which the bright sun was shining, and saw the girl, sitting at her spinning wheel and diligently spinning. She looked up, and when she saw the prince looking in she blushed all over, closed her eyes, and continued to spin. I do not know if the thread was entirely even at this time, but she continued to spin until the prince had ridden away."
"I’ve noticed that I rarely forage for wild plants anymore without being barefoot. Honestly: it make things so much easier, it’s so simple to find out where the soil becomes more humid, or warm, or sandy. With your bare feet, it’s a piece of cake to find out where the sun exactly was half an hour ago, as you feel right away where the earth is still glowing. It might be the no.1 simplest way to look for plants, especially those that only grow in very specific circumstances. A quest for plants that becomes a total sensuous experience."
"Meanwhile Britain’s Telegraph newspaper reported on Saturday last that REO had put the BPS up for sale. Or at least a 50% stake in it, though the newspaper also reported that “REO is now also considering” a 100% bid with a future profit share. Presumably if the price was right an outright sale of the property might be on the cards. It might also be significant that REO seems to have been marketing a stake in the project for some time, and indeed generated interest according to the Telegraph, but that it is “now” willing to consider a more substantial transaction."
"Kenya Debt Relief Network, Kenya; Femnet, Zambia, Tanzania;"
"What???? Well, here goes:"
"Take the remaining cardamom pod, open it and put the seeds in a mortar and pestle with the remaining Earl Grey tea. Grind into a powder."
"LET’S give it up for my husband and graphic/web designer. He’s credited with investing time and effort to help me begin to understand the wonderful world of technology via the iPad back when I knew very little – including how to develop and run this very blog! He brings a unique and different perspective to this project from the inside out. Thanks for taking the time to contribute your observations:"
"i wanted to just catch up our last few weeks of fun and friendship. i last left off with a birthday party on april 25th. so let's see where we've been and what we've done since then..."
"4) Add ginger garlic paste and add saute for few minutes."
"I finished the day of with the views from the 30th floor of the Palace of Culture and Science. Tomorrow I head for Gdansk on the Baltic Sea, the home of the union movement in the 1980s which commenced the downfall of Communism across Europe – led by Lech Wałesa. Who later won a Nobel Peace Prize and became President of Poland. From there it will be onto country areas – Mansurian Lakes, the “Wolfs Lair” (Hitlers bunker 1941-1944) and then the Bialoweza National Park on the Belarus border. The last true primeval forest in Europe and home to many animals including European Bison and Lynx cats."
"This is a great post where you have to read between the lines. A pub with a Beer theme? Really, what a concept. Beers that taste like soda and mediocre food AND Popular with the locals. What does this tell you about the local palate for quality beer and food?"
"Economists do agree on many things. An article by Adam Ozimek looks at some “controversial” issues (though, later he blogs that he did receive some flak over the article). Most are also painfully aware of how many things economists disagree on. Some of the popular include the debates over fiscal policy and monetary policy. Economists frequently and heatedly disagree on the levels of intervention and even whether the government should intervene at all."
"The nymphs are dark green or brown, but are usually found covered in algae. They feed on aquatic invertebrates such as mayfly larvae and small crayfish, and also on small aquatic vertebrates such as tadpoles and minnows. Because of their abundance, whitetail naiads are in turn an important food source for various fish, frogs and birds, and also for other aquatic insects."
"As far as general Geldenhuys is concerned, his soldiers, colonels and generals defeated the Soviet/Cuban forces in Angola."
"In addition to attending numerous forthcoming specialist events around the world, Knight Knox has already successfully exhibited at the International Property Expo in Russia, Cityscape in Abu Dhabi, A Place in The Sun Live in the U.K., MAPEX in Malaysia, the SMART Property Expo in Singapore (pictured) and the Property Investor Show in the U.K."
"Every morning when I wake up, I make a conscious decision. I make the decision to either be Almost or Absolutely me. Some mornings the decision is easy, other mornings it is challenging. Some days I wake up and don’t even want to be me at all. No matter what, when I feel like it impossible to get out of bed, I do it. I was told at the onset of my RA it was impossible to competitively ride, one year ago I showed in the World Pinto Show, one of the highest levels of competition on that circuit. After surgery, I was told it was impossible to stand and walk unassisted earlier than the end of July. I was rising and walking by the beginning of June. Things are only impossible if you BELIEVE they are impossible. This is the attitude that separates Almost-Ashley from Absolutely-Ashley. Absolutely-Ashley never lets anyone, including herself, tell her anything is impossible. One step is all it takes to turn the impossible, possible. One step. One step is all it takes to reclaim your muchness."
"There is concern that changes to Jamaica’s rainfall patterns could have significant impacts on the island’s underground and surface water sources."
"suffixes so that's what we will be doing with"
"This anger is largely misdirected. Although the Family Planning officials are certainly guilty of a myriad of sins, the majority of the guilt for these events should be directed at the orphanages themselves."
"Generosity"
"On Sunday, I hit the downtown location, and had a great workout: after warming up, I did 35 minutes of weights, 5 minutes of rowing, and 17 minutes on an elliptical. But my Saturday workout at the northwest location is the momentous one, because it was during that workout that I reached TWO big milestones."
"Ever since I watched the Zefferelli version of Romeo and Juliet with my college students last spring and cried uncontrollably at the end- unable even to utter the single word “goodnight”— a good cry has become my litmus test for a successful production of a Shakespeare tragedy."
"farming, wholistic ficus on"
"Katie, The Imperfect Housewife (hardly) is up to her old tricks again with another amazing activity for young children with a DIY Find-it Bag. Thank you Katie for another great tip! You just keep those ideas coming through."
"Can't wait to see the finished product made by the girls!"
"My neighbor just down the road -- \"Mr. W.\" -- has a huge garden. He was born on a farm & the affinity with the soil is a part of him. I admire how well he does each year with his garden production."
"Jesus Christ!"
"Lawlessness is becoming more prevalent in Libya since the demise of the Gaddafi regime. Rebel fighters are turning into hundreds of little Gaddafi's, instilling fear even in fellow fighters and supporters."
"Genesis 6: 2"
"Here's just some of the amazing faculty who will be there:"
"The agency, which celebrated its 45th anniversary last August, was created under the Civil Rights Act of 1964. It is the only federal agency that exists to assist state and local governments, organizations and community groups in preventing and resolving racial and ethnic tensions.''"
"Here is the rest of what I made, and the colors I used. The roll of seam binding that I bought was 100 yards, and each color I made was 4 yards. I made 23 colors, so that was 92 yards, give or take, not bad for an hour's work, huh?"
"But there is one particular novel that I think of as the writing equivalent of settling down to a favourite film with a box of chocolates. It is a fantasy novel (for adults- not children), the kind that could run on to a series (I am currently a third of the way through the second book) but it will probably never be more than a guilty pleasure. Despite that, I love the characters and go back to that world to find out where they are and what they are doing - locked away in that virtual cupboard in my computer."
"And makes confession aloud, and beats his breast,"
"In medium sauce pan heat brown sugar and butter over medium heat until the butter melts and the mixture is smooth, stirring constantly."
"A few weeks ago I was asked to to do a review of the My Memories Digital Scrapbook Software. Having never attempted to create a digital layout before, I was intrigued, and decided to step out of my comfort zone and give this is a try, especially since it was offered to me free- it can't get any better than that! Oh, and they generously offered to give one away to you, my readers, as well!! How cool is that?! (We'll get to the givaway part soon, but I want to share my review and projects with you first.)"
"If I hadn't used those stripes for these pockets I wouldn't have had to make a second trip. You could argue if I hadn't bleached it in the first place I wouldn't have needed extra fabric. But then I would argue that they shouldn't have sold me fabric with arbitrary marks on it. Sooooo....yeah."
"Recommended for those who like to blend dramatic themes and admirable performances with highly entertaining, often hilarious crack; bonus for yakuza-lite fans."
"The sweetened condensed milk is not traditional — or even strictly necessary — but it does creep up in some Dutch recipes. I like the additional smoothness and slightly cooked taste it lends to the finished drink, but feel free to omit it. Should you do so, add up to an additional ¾ cup of sugar. Likewise, if you just can’t get enough liquor inside you, this recipe will easily admit another 250ml/1 cup of 40% abv alcohol."
"Achilles was revived and flown to Starship Hospital. Sukhraj was not."
"I'm still planning on going to Japan for 1 year, but it seems like I will be going in December, if I'll get the chance to stay in the bank for 4 months after my apprenticeship has ended. Would at least be a great possibility to safe up even more money!"
"Same day, post inspection, just as I'm finishing dinner prep, phone rings."
"Like the last post about cake pops, I'm not writing down the recipe because, well, there's not much of a recipe to it. If you're going to make cake pops you should use a cake mix, not a home-made cake. Cake mixes produce a much lighter cake, which in this case, is what you need. Trust me I speak from experience when I say that home-made cake for cake balls is yuck!"
"The new Municipal Building, though not as lavish as the Art Deco Travis County Courthouse, or the Spanish/Italianate Revival buildings going up at UT, still got some attention in the architectural press. The structure consisted of four floors in a C-shape, with a courtyard to the east."
"There is no way that any reader could start with the third book and have a hope of knowing what was going on, in spite of several recaps. There have been so many comings and goings between the 18th century and ours and so many proliferating versions of the characters in parallel universes that no amount of \"Previously in this trilogy ...\" could help."
"\"We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.\""
"Than goodness it turned out well!"
"was there; your name;"
"- Theresa Le Flem"
"2010.07.26 Iraq Baghdad 4 16 A suicide bomber targets a news channel staff, killing four members."
"Below are my top 5 not-widely-known-album recommendations, all of which are guaranteed home runs, some of which your music-loving friends and family may not already have."
"But here's the deal:"
"In terms of the history of the interactions between Islam and Christianity, the most recent work of Fred Donner, Muhammad and the Believers: At the Origins of Islam, discusses the role played by Christians and Jews in the earliest community of Islam, arguing that they were accepted as part of the early community without an expectation that they should change their practices or abandon their own laws. It’s well-balanced between being aimed at a specialist audience and a lay audience, and also includes a very thorough glossary of both Arabic and non-Arabic terms."
"Residents in population centers near Mount Asama about 150 kilometers (95 miles) northwest of Tokyo were advised to wear masks as Asama ejected fumes, hot rocks and ash about 1:51 am local time, spewing lava shortly afterward."
"2- Share seven things about you, that too honestly......"
"From the perspective of the livestock sector, I believe that there have been two key breakthroughs in India over the last four decades, with the first being the introduction of ‘cross breeding’. Second would be ‘marketing’, initiated by the Operation Flood programme in 1970. This program ultimately enabled India’s move towards becoming the largest producer of milk in the world."
"It's the first day of fall and everything is washed in golden beautiful-ness!"
"The main reason we sent Pip to preschool was for him to gain some “socialization.” As a two-year old, he was significantly more comfortable talking with adults than with kids. We hoped that by having the opportunity to independently interact on a regular basis with a group of kids his own age, he would at least get comfortable in a crowd and maybe even make some friends. In this respect, Pip’s preschool time was largely successful. He is much more outgoing now with other kids than he was a year ago. In particular, he is much more willing now to talk to new kids on the playground and engage in the kind of back and forth that is necessary for learning about new people."
"Lourie: ---"
"I love the \"feel\" of March. I love the \"smell\" of March. There is something about March that fills my heart with the first breath of spring. The promise of what is to come."
"Couples leave out God in their relationships. That screws up a lot!"
"Of a sugar tipped hill,"
"measures approx. 11\" tall"
"\"Does the sky look purple to you?\""
"Importance in Astronomy and Astrology"
"Yeah. Probably best not to tell my mom about this one. She’ll think I’m totally off my rocks. Which I might be. But this amuses me."
"Now, I wasn’t searching for sympathy but I did think that by Leah witnessing that, she would show a bit more compassion toward me and maybe believe me about my disorder. She couldn’t still think after all these years that I was faking it? Nothing changed though. Everyone in my family came by to offer their best at cheering me up but it wasn’t until a couple of days later that Leah appeared. I was happy to see her but was soon disappointed when I realized she wasn’t there for me, she was there to talk to my mom about her job and something good that had happened for her. She left without saying anything more than hello to me. I discussed with my mom how hurt I was, and she was sympathetic. I said that I thought I needed therapy because this thing with Leah hurt so badly. I don’t want to always feel like this when she comes around."
"And...we're off! King of the Cannes selection Thierry Fremaux and His Royal Cannesness Gilles Jacob announced the official selection for this year's famous French festival at a press conference in Paris yesterday. The lineup is especially American and star-powered this year and features so many anticipated titles I don't even know where to begin. How about here? Voilà some of my stories from today's event. It's the usual suspects, but I don't see this as a bad thing. When else can we see films from Audiard, Haneke, Cronenberg (DEUX Cronenbergs!), Resnais, Salles, Kiarostami, Carax... not to mention anticipated titles from auteurs like Lee Daniels, Jeff Nichols, Andrew Dominik and Im Sang-soo (I LOVED The Housemaid, can't wait to see what The Taste of Money tastes like on screen!) It's the most exciting lineup in years in my opinion. I also send my regards to the Un Certain Regard category -- the trailer for Xavier Dolan's Laurence Anyways has me very excited to see a cross-dressing Melvil Poupaud in this film and I'm also looking forward to Catherine Corsini's Les 3 Mondes, seeing if Cronenberg deux (namely, Brandon) has inherited his father's talents, Benoit Delepine and Gustave Kervene's Le Grand Soir and of course Sylvie Verheyde's film with Charlotte Gainsbourg and Pete Doherty!"
"\"Just because you have 70 minutes available doesn't mean you have 70 minutes of good music to record. So much of what makes it these days is filler. Raw Power (the Stooges, 1973) is 34 minutes and it's perfect.\""
"But alas, my better half once again took the top honors with his cutesy, pipe-chomping fisherman tankard, judged by all present to garner the coveted Crazy Mug Contest. Last year's winner, \"Smashed Again\", however, still remains the Craziest Mug of all time, and has a place of honor in my kitchen holding my collection of measuring spoons. I will perhaps extend my mug hunting throughout 2012 to more regions so as to try to capture the Crazy Mug crown next Christmas morning."
"The sad thing is that a wide range of arguments that seemed to have been won in 1967 now appear to have been lost again. See this brilliant post by Simon Cooke."
"Get it from Sound Study Records on a greenish brown vinyl playing at 33 1/3 the appropriate shoegaze rpm, you don't need those precise peaks and valleys running as quickly as possible...just master that baby striaght down the center for maximum density."
"Fehrnstron, and this is unusual for a Republican, got me thinking. I thought about how often clients and agencies act as if their marketing communications can be shaken up and restarted. Wiped out with no trace left behind. Previous campaigns, previous viewers can be erased or lobotomized--wiped clean from our memories."
"- Inscription on the Liberty Bell"
"Two things come to mind about this verse. The first is the symbiotic relationship between the government and the governed. The other is the fact that it is God who puts or allows governments to be in power regardless of the form they take. However, the choice of governments is obviously left to the people unless we expect God to descend from heaven and impose His will in the forthcoming general elections or GE 13."
"One such DeLillo hallmark on display is that sense of inexorability and dread hanging over every page. The plot to kill Kennedy may have started with a handful of disgruntled agents choosing to go off the reservation, but by November 22, 1963, the event seems almost preordained. And in DeLillo’s version of Oswald, a treatment so sympathetic it led George Will to call it “an act of bad citizenship,” you have a terrifically complex character, someone who believed he existed to shape history, but in truth, was someone shaped entirely BY history. Consider how after the assassination, Lee Oswald instantly and irreversibly becomes Lee Harvey Oswald, a name change so jarring that his mother no longer recognizes him as her son, but as a media creation forced into action by outside, alien forces."
"Western Conference Second Round: 8 Los Angeles Kings @ 2 St. Louis Blues, 6:30 pm/NBC Sports Network"
"A solitary llama grazes on the grass now growing through the impressive structures."
"Catherine Keener (Your Friends and Neighbors)"
"\"You just want me for sex\" (Well no, but without it you're not getting anything else)."
"Then James did his part and got the laptop to work on the tv and we watched my Dad's favorite movie \"High Road to China\". It was so much fun. And a very special way to celebrate this amazing land we live in! We made lots of special memories. It was a day I will never forget!"
"And so I spoke to Luis this week. And I’ve been to Puerto Rico many times. And actually, when I was a United States senator, we did a lot of work with Puerto Rico. Because of my relationship with many friends down there, I was made aware of problems, for example, in the Medicaid program."
"Two words about the weekend: the heat! My word, the heat! I don't like cold weather, but I have to admit I'm not a fan of living on the surface of the sun either."
"But back to the on-point-former-sewing-machine-cover. I ended up needing to trim it quite a bit and add borders in order to square it up, but I think I like it even more bordered than without. I think it will eventually become a mini wall-hanging, probably to be hung near my sewing machine."
"A few months back Little Yellow Bicycle had a call out for Cycling Team members...a monthly rotating team who gets to work with amazing product for a very generous and amazing company. I was honored to be chosen as a part of their Head of the Class Cycling Team."
"And what about Cassey's winter warmies? Does anyone have a pattern they'd like to share that even comes close to this wonderful homespun look? Something knit, I don't crochet. When staring leads to inspiration and get's me to do something besides sit... I'm almost back."
"But then something interesting starts happening."
"It is not just this college. It is also building outstanding university programmes at NUS, NTU and SMU."
"Superintendent Henry Budhram said the policeman, (Constable Hlanganani Nxumalo, pictured left) who is part Radebe's VIP protection unit, is expected to appear in the Camperdown Magistrates Court on Monday, where he faces 12 charges of attempted murder."
"But then things start to happen. A Frenchman tries to shoot him in London only to be disabled by a WOCOP agent – ‘Come on, Jake. You’re strictly Grainer. You know that, all WOCOP knows that. It’s like one of the Five Pilars,’ Ellis tells him – and then there’s the vampire attack which, again, Ellis foils (but why were they carrying tranquilisers?) and his subsequent kidnap by the mysterious Jacqueline Delon with her proposition and promise of protection. Nothing is quite what it seems. And what about that last phone call from Harley – “Jesus Christ, Jake, listen. There’s…” – a what, there’s what exactly, Harley? A trap? Too obvious. No. What there is is something Jake never expected, a reason to live."
"“Thank you, sir,” she replied in her accented Common. Her reading and writing of the Common language shared between races of the Alliance was much better than her spoken, but she still understood most things everyone said, and vis versa. Its live application was certainly more difficult than just practicing it with other Draenei."
"Was I intimidated by the bagel? Oh yes. But, I persevered. First, I made the sponge."
"1 celery stick, chopped"
"Is embracing fully all of ones desires the “dangerous method”? Carl Jung has a brief encounter with renegade psychologist, Otto Gross (Vincent Cassel), whose own philosophy of life is simply if the mind, heart, or flesh desires it act on it. He says this as one who has impregnated multiple women all of which he has abandoned. In the end, Jung’s relationship with Sabina isn’t freeing, but constricting. The immediate feelings of immense pleasure go away and the affair has ugly, dangerous ramifications on both Sabina and Jung’s life."
"LA: I think there’s always been a lot of respect outside Scotland for Scottish songwriters. As I grew up I always knew that Arab Strap were well respected South of the border and out with the UK. I think bands like Frightened Rabbit and The Twilight Sad have forged ahead a little bit in terms of getting out of Scotland, the UK and over to the States and elsewhere. Perhaps that’s made people look to Scotland a little more and see that there’s smaller bands they’ll like. I think it’s always been there but with the internet perhaps it’s easier to find these bands – that’s probably helping things but it’s probably helping things universally."
"Now let's unravel this dialogue - what is she actually saying. \"she said that the Muslim community not only in the United Kingdom but across Europe face the rising level of anti-Islamic sentiments.\""
"Copyright 2012 The particular Related Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, transmitted, rewritten or perhaps redistributed."
"She has been like this for so long. Her days consist of tiny periods of peace (usually after a sleep) and then are filled with irritability. Poor baby. It's not enough that I accept her and accept our situation. I have never wanted to run away or have more time to myself or whatever. But she isn't happy, so it needs looking into."
"Now Viv meanwhile had a good seat where she could see the whole piso. But still she did not look happy; last week a tango singer was coming on very strong to her. We were sitting together and she introduced me to him, thinking that would be the end of it. She danced with him again today and he tried again she said “My husband is standing behind you” he feigned bad memory, then further on in the tanda said”I want to go for coffee with you”. Well we all know what coffee means here, don’t we?"
"So, basically what I'm saying, as long winded as possible, is that I don't have much to say today about this coffee cake. It's delicious. It stays moist. It's a recipe I've tried many times with no fail. It cooks in a bundt pan, which I love. It has a delicious cinnamon and pecan filling. But that's all I can think to write about it."
"So paying for the cover and returning home I could smell what was brewing, afraid to walk into the bathroom to see if the towel was hanging off the ceiling or something dreadful was attempting to crawl from that pipe."
"comes instead.\" Jeremiah 8:15"
"After all that, we can start building bookshelves and then start the superfun process of painting. Oh, and we need to move the thermostat too. WHY do they put those in such odd spots? I’ll be sure to keep you updated as we go!"
"If you are spending your whole paycheck before you even get it, you should look for some places where you can save. It’s hard to go whole hog. You may not be able to avoid going out for meals entirely. By eating out half as many times in a month as you normally would, you will save money while still getting to go out."
"With one step I'd get across it! It's so shallow I could stride,"
"I found this color combo in a recent Better Homes and Gardens magazine and fell in love. Its nothing that I would have picked on my own but am happy I was able to translate beautiful colors inside a home to a fun card."
"1. Blend all ingredients in the blender and make puree."
"Not long after Gonzáles scored the only Indonesian team goals against the Philippines, a friend of mine tweeted this, “It doesn’t matter where he came from for he has raised Indonesian nationalism.” Well, pardon me, my friend, but I agree with what the legend thought. As for me, football is never about nationalism as well. This is not a war between two nations where the winner conquers the other. Football is never about anything but sport, where sport’s value is always about sportsmanship. And sportsmanship is never about how many battles you win or how many silverwares you get. Sportsmanship is about how you achieved them. And about being sportive, being dare to admit if your opponent is better than you."
"In the aftermath, it was Daniel who first told The Australian of local kids’ suspicions about the bin Laden compound, known as the graveyard of sports balls thanks to the strict “no retrieve” policy imposed by the secretive neighbours."
"The “Puffy-Shirt” from the “Puffy-Shirt” episode is on display in the Smithsonian."
"As you know, I love my friend Google. I’m always checking with him for my pictures for my Blog and he always delivers."
"Don’t cha’ love. The little baby."
"With Last Call, Last Stand finished, I wanted to keep a story thread on ZS alive for the most practical reason: the more people on that forum who like my shit, the more people will eventually buy Codex when I finally get it cleaned up and submission ready."
"Here is my gorgeous boy ;____; He's SO perfect."
"Abramovic is famous for pushing the limits of her physical and mental endurance as a way of expanding her inner-most feelings and fears — and sometimes those of her viewers."
"Dylan: Yeah, why?"
"Having the correct and dependable outdoor tent can make for an enjoyable camping trip. It is important to have the proper tent to keep you dry, safe, and protected. Have a good plan in mind and pack well for all occasions. Be familiar with the tent you are bringing."
"Simon Levack sent an entry into the Crime Writers’ Association’s competition for unpublished authors in 2000. The competition was called The Debut Dagger, and it required an author to submit the opening chapter of a crime novel. Levack’s submission was a little different. The backdrop was the ancient Aztec civilization—an unusual setting for a crime novel. Levack won the competition with his entry, A Flowery Death, later to become his first novel, Demon of the Air. He completed the final draft of the novel two year later and his agent managed to attract the attention of St. Martin’s Press who acquired it in 2002 along with the rights to the sequel. Demon of the Air was published in 2003."
"This is the animal hospital to the stars. Glenn Close calls in with a question while I’m talking to the receptionist. “Oh, Chevy Chase, Joe Giradi, they all bring their pets here,” the woman tells me. “Luckily, they just usually send them in with a housekeeper or something or else there would be a commotion.”"
"But it is in the area of the environment where the government seems to have truly enforced the iron grip of their control. The Bill, by virtually tossing aside the Environmental Protection Act puts directly into the hands of cabinet the ultimate decisions regarding the approval of oil and gas pipelines. In other words, no matter what decision the Energy Board makes regarding these issues the Harperites can force reconsideration. It also grants the federal cabinet the authority to approve any new pipeline project as well as setting time limits for any regulatory review. This change alone makes every major energy project a potential threat to the environment. No longer will prudent decisions be made taking into consideration the public good, but the basis for any final decision regarding the environment will rest on the ignorance of the politicians in cabinet and the debt they owe to any particular lobby for helping them to be elected."
"About halfway through the meal, I told Alex in my squeaks that I needed to go to the doctor. I texted him that I was probably dying. He was concerned and went outside to see about getting me an appointment. I was laying on the table when he came back inside. (Only the top of me was laying on the table, not all of me. You really can't trust Italian waiters that much.) My appointment was set for 2:30 PM."
"The last boss to have the kind of CV that the Capello’s and Mourinho’s of this world have was the late, great Sir Bobby Robson."
"3. If you could change one thing about your physical appearance, what would it be?"
"Of all mornings, our company had a meeting, and I smelled of raid. No one noticed, or pretended not to notice. This could explain why most of the employees used their office phone to hear our president, rather than joining us in the board room."
"-He has stood by himself one time for a few seconds"
"ISBN: 978-0-385-66498-1 (0-385-66498-2)"
"I've spent way too much time today trying to figure out what the point is of this video, \"The Truth About Tony\" which is currently on the Burger King site and presumably the work of one Crispin Porter + Bogusky. I get that the Tony in question, Tony Stewart, is a NASCAR guy who has an ongoing relationship with The King -- from an endorsement point of view. What I don't get is why, in this video, Tony undergoes a polygraph test, judging how truthfully he answers questions from viewers, closing with the inevitable BK questions -- about whether he loves the Whopper sandwich. (He does, and he didn't lie about it.)"
"I finally looked at Marc and said- I think today is the day."
"Good Neighbors C N.UM $6.00"
"Well, I don't buy rice in quantities of bigger than, say, 2 pounds. But I do buy 20 and 40 pound bags of bird seed regularly and those bags are made of that same nylon mesh stuff that you can't just recycle the usual way. Now some of these bags are really pretty... here are a few examples."
"Sometimes, when there’s nothing you can do, you just run. Or, cry."
"Studio Operations and Maintenance"
"By far the most interesting thing I did not know about David Clark, is that his South Shields seat was one of the safest Labour seats in the UK. It was much coveted by those bright young things in the New Labour Party, particularly the then head of the Number 10 Policy Unit, one David Miliband, who had absolutely no connection to the constituency, other than the attraction that they weigh the Labour vote there rather than count it. Clark's constituency branch caught wind of this and fought his reselection in 2001, for fear of Clark rolling over on his belly for a seat in the House of Lords, thus allowing the National Executive Committee to parachute in their own candidate, who would have little"
"I started with an adapted version of this recipe, adding some spices and the streusal crust (blended flour, brown sugar, vanilla sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg with butter and coating the inside of the pan before adding batter). I had hoped that the streusal (I never spell that word right on the first try) would stay a little crumbly but that didn't work out. Instead it formed a crispy caramel-like layer around the banana bread, delicious happy accident."
"spiders’ webs heavy with dew"
"She is irritatingly clever."
"So we got together with the kids to talk about it."
"This however, is a passage that speaks nothing about government whatsoever. It is a passage that esteems the virtues of showing mercy and grace to one’s enemies, but it should be noted that this passage lacks any real political application, just as Matthew 25:31-46 lacks it – another oft quoted passage of social gospel proponents. We will not examine those passages further. We should however draw our attention to the one passage of Scripture where there is clear direction to Christians concerning the relationship between their faith and politics."
"Last fall, I worked on a film called ‘On Frozen Ground’. It is based on the investigation and apprehension of Alaska’s serial killer, Robert Hansen. We shot on location in Alaska – actually in the exact town where I grew up. This project has been a highlight for me on three key levels."
"Good morning all you wet bloggers!! And a big welcome and thank you to my new followers I'm thrilled that you have joined me! I am scheduling this post in case I have a lie in in the morning hehe! I went to a fashion show last night with my sister and it was lovely to see all the summer clothes can't imagine ever wearing any in this weather but a girl can dream can't she??"
"-Heavy Starch"
"*Delivery method and charges depend on the item's thickness and weight"
"\"Paper late!\" cried a voice in the crowd."
"I was lucky enough to live in Russia for a while: The country of extremes, where anything is possible."
"Now, you might think that history and the Irish would hold O'Neill responsible for that terrible fate of their country. But they don't. Exactly the opposite: they embrace O'Neill as the greatest of the fighters who stood firm against the English, well, until he fled. (As we've said repeatedly, the Irish are a unique breed.)"
"“I didn’t say anything,” the little girl answered. “She was sitting in a chair crying, so I just crawled up in her lap and cried with her."
"Don’t follow the crowd. Take advantage of the current values in these companies and actually wind up being one of those people who is at least smiling on the way to the bank."
"In the last few weeks, I’ve been really digging into eschatology; reading some great stuff and listening to a whole bunch of sermons/lectures from multiple camps (i.e. learning about positions from their strong proponents, not detractors). I’ve also been slowly assembling a sermon that I’m going to preach somewhere soon, and the other night I got totally caught staying up way too late and scouring my bible to try to gain more insight into something. I’ve been working slowly through Zechariah 1, spending some time in 1:7-17 and the other night I decided to dig through what the OT teaches about the angel of the Lord."
"There’s a psychic substance once an old man of Kabbala told his cat"
"Weight: Still 201 :( No change, but haven’t gained anything either, so that’s good."
"And two days later he bailed on meeting me for dinner saying he had other plans he had forgotten about."
"My limbs, my veins dilate, my theme is clear at last,"
"Yes, but what about the young people—Britain's true binge-drinkers?"
"Sorry for the quietness on the blog-front this week - it's been the first week of school holidays and I've been sorting out stuff in our house which has gotten just a tad crazy in the last term (or more!!). Nothing like a bit of sorting and culling to make the place feel a bit better!"
"...But other times, seeing how much has been destroyed in even my short lifetime, seeing the constant development and destruction, I think the day can't come soon enough! There's a part of me, a big part of me, that just longs for something I've never even experienced: true, old growth forest. Marshes that aren't criss-crossed with paths and tire-tracks and bridges. Streams so clean and fresh and alive that I can stoop down and drink from them when I get thirsty. People think we have a wonderful quality of life, but without that, we really don't. Without a world like that, I'll always feel there's something wrong. Off. It's something constantly niggling at me in some far reach of my mind, something that's only partially soothed by spending time in nearby woods. The patches of woods available to me relax me and delight me. But I'm also always saddened. It's just so little. So polluted, and so fragile. They're still planning on building more. Destroying more of what little we have left..."
"Here's are ten things that I really, really don't want to talk about today, because it utterly misses the point (even though I might have done in the past - today is not the day):"
"So, I am taking four quarters and putting them in this envelope right now."
"When I went to basic training, I received some of the worst advice ever from my cousin; he said something like “don’t let the drill sergeants know who you are”. I think when he graduated from Basic Training, the drills were like, wait, who are you? This is most people. Their goal is not to be noticed. They want to be wall flowers. You’d think that’d be easy to do in camouflage. But, it’s the people that try to blend in and not be noticed who are the ones who are yelled at, dropped for pushups, and singled out. Why? Because, the army needs people who can be yelled at, and can do their job; and not start crying and worry about their feelings and not accomplish their mission. If you can do your job correctly under pressure, then you can do it. There is pressure in war."
"This one will give me a fantastic future. I will meet my values with the rules I need for them to be met. I will be the person I was designed to be."
"which I'm not."
"\"Measurements of Cl- conductase of intestine and respiratory tissues of DF508 homozygote CF patients suggest, in vivo, that at least some DF508 CFTR can reach the plasma membrane\""
"Bansi lives in modern day London. The only child of an Irish father and British Asian mother, she has no idea that her parents are descended from two different lines of faery royalty, or that their bloodlines, combined in her, offer certain dark powers the long-awaited opportunity to fulfill a dread and fateful prophecy. On a visit to Ireland to stay with Granny O'Hara, Bansi is befriended by a brownie, Pogo, and Tam, a shapeshifter. They are the representatives of a small band of faery folk who are trying to keep the power Bansi represents out of the hands of the Lord of the Dark Sidhe. But the rebels are few and weak, and soon Bansi and her new friends are facing overwhelming odds."
"Tough money-laundering laws"
"The European example should give us great pause on this side of the Atlantic. It is perhaps the clearest illustration that beyond a certain level of energy consumption, the quality of life rises almost imperceptibly or not at all. In fact, high energy use may even be correlated to a lower quality of life in the United States where obesity and diabetes have become epidemics (in part because we drive too much instead of walking or bicycling); where sprawled out suburban development made possible by cheap fuel condemns many of us to spend hours in the car each day; where the availability of that cheap fuel encourages motorized recreation that keeps our lakes and parks abuzz with engine noise while it degrades and pollutes them; where cheap consumer goods are often characterized by their low quality; where mountains of those shoddy goods clog our landfills; and where all the required extra energy production creates additional pollution at our mines, power plants and factories."
"and loud with hilarity. I ate whatever I was offered"
"He is either Happy Baby or Crazy Sad Baby! There is no middle ground...it is very frustrating because he can be happy one minute and wailing the next and I have NO idea what is wrong."
"I am deeply humbled and honored beyond words to be included with this group of outstanding human beings."
"Strong nationalist sentiments or patriotic feelings of any kind especially those which have grown over a long period and are deeply embedded in the national culture are a major obstacle to the ideology of Marxism-Leninism (and multiculturalism). Any attempt to reverse these social affinities and loyalties would, if it relied on purely peaceful means, take decades even centuries to overcome, if at all, and despite the view among the party that the victory of communism was inevitable - capitalism in all its forms was doomed - Lenin was not going to wait until the peasants, bourgeoisie, landowners and emerging industrialists, the “masses” in the jargon of class war, were persuaded of the benefits of the common ownership of the means of production and gratefully abandoned the pursuit of profit and private property. 1917 was Year Zero, the tabula rasa, when the errors of some two thousand years of man’s history were to be rectified by the teachings of Marx and Lenin, at least in Russia, to begin with."
"If you need cheap transportation, don’t forget the daily DAC Express bus from the Cadence parking lot in Silicon Valley straight to Moscone Center in San Francisco. Sorry, that’s not free. It’ll cost you $5 round trip. As MAD Magazine loves to say, “Cheap!” Click here for more info."
"In Manchester, this blindness to the importance of institutional representation can be seen in the membership of the Local Economic Partnership. LEPs are new, important bodies, which will guide economic development, housing, employment and other key infrastructure decisions in the city-region. They consist of local authority spokespeople and businesspeople, but excludes representatives from the voluntary or community sector. The Fabian Society recently sounded an alarm, noting that LEPs seemed to have negligible numbers of ethnic minorities on board (Sloane, 2011). Manchester’s LEP is no exception: it would seem none of the current members are from an ethnic minority background. What is more, the LEP’s focus on an agenda dominated by fiscal cutbacks has allowed it to drop a commitment to equality from its agenda altogether. In a climate where only 10 of Manchester City Council’s 96 councilors are from a visible ethnic minority (Manchester City Council Website), we should worry about the impact of this lack of institutional presence at every level of decision making."
"Last year, I was a bit out of my element so the Punkin Ale ensemble shots were a bit spotty. I’ll post the few that were even remotely useful here…"
"This was the first love story I ever read (Anne was the second, coincidentally), and I never realized how much it had shaped my ideas of love until I reread the series two winters ago. It's an even sweeter unfolding than Meg + John or Anne + Gil. It's simple. It always makes me smile, even chuckle softly. And Almanzo is such a wonderful hero -- he's gentle, he's brave, he's just a boy. I mean, really. I want the kind of guy who can gentle wild horses with a whisper. Plus, of all the couples I've listed: this one is a real-life couple."
"The most used nickname for Paris is \"Paname\", which comes from Panama of the canal and hat fame. Originally, at the beginning of the twentieth century, it was slang but nowadays, it's kind of hip to refer to Paris as \"Paname\". You hear it a lot in French songs (for example, tunes by French singer Renaud)."
"Brilliant!"
"put in a quart-sized tea or coffee french press pot"
"We hope our boys have a trip of a lifetime that they'll never forget!"
"And it gets worse because I get impatient with doing just one thing at a time. If I'm watching TV I need to be on my computer at the same time. If I'm brushing my teeth, I'm definitely reading a book. And if I'm in the elevator going down to my car, I'm also playing a game on my iPhone. As I type this I'm realizing how ridiculous this sounds, especially since it's all true. The only time I let myself relax and really take downtime is when I am asleep, after I've read for long enough that my eyes are closed and Richie has to move the book and turn out the light for me."
"Step 4: Get put on display by a lady with a small child who wants to watch you make pizzas. Get highly embarrassed, then decide it’s good practice for when you have to give autographs and strut your stuff."
"And I kind of point!"
"A couple more new classes are starting next year, include emerging technologies, foundation of Early Childhood Development, Engineering Technologies and Advanced Placement Tutorial."
"Add the gnocchi to the boiling water a few at a time. They will dance around and rise to the surface within a few minutes, and once they've hung out on top for a minute or so, they're done! Take them out with a slotted spoon."
"Sleepless Knight did get some filming done before I disappeared but the weather conspired to stop us from completing it. Still… Kitty got to slap Farnsworth (again) after he descended from half-an-hour atop a freezing pile of rubble (he gets all the fun jobs), Winston the dog ran off into the woods, covered in a paint-stained bed sheet, and the universe almost imploded when myself, Farnsworth, and Richard, all appeared in the same place for the first time since May. A good day was had by all, and the best thing was… we were all there! Everybody turned up at the same time! Let no-one say we don’t have ambition."
"2002-Daunte Culpepper: Sufferd a season ending knee injury in week 11. Never the same again."
"Very enjoyable, decent lager, that thankfully leaves no nasty metallic after-taste, and I'd happily drink this again."
"Talking about Mahesh Bhatt’s offer, Sunny was earlier quoted as saying, “It was deep and enigmatic. And it was for the main lead. That`s the kind of start I`d like in Bollywood. And if things go well I`d like to take up a career in Bollywood."
"According to Circuit Judge Schall,"
"Jerrica, one of my first Toys for Troops supporters, is waiting in Kuwait in 121-degree heat to begin her second tour in Iraq. Pictured on the right, she told me in a quick Facebook chat today that she can't wait to get home."
"Kudos too to the Poetry Ireland crew, for their lowkey organisation and upfront hospitality."
"Debbie \"James, what did you just do wrong?\""
"The official line in Norway that comes from the top down is that none of what Breivik says is true, so the only official diagnosis can be is that he is a paranoid schizophrenic living in his own delusional world. This conflicts with all of the evidence presented to a sane mind though."
"So… which House do I want to be Sorted into? I pick Slytherin. Smart yet sneaky."
"The best part of quilting is using the beautiful things I've made, everyday."
"He also regaled me with tales of touring Britain for a year in the 1970s as drummer with The Missouri Breaks – backing band for 1950s British rock ‘n’ roll legend Wee Willie Harris. Support acts for Wee Willie Harris on that tour were comedians Bernard Manning and Duncan ‘chase me chase me’ Norvelle."
"Satisfying my spirit,"
"Well, whaddya know? I'm back and it's only been a week since my last post. That is a remarkable improvement, wouldn't you say? I've noticed a trend in my recipe posts. Have you picked up on it yet? I won't leave you in suspense too long, so I'll just tell you. The recipes I have featured on my blog thus far have been mostly beige in color. It's almost embarrassing. You might as well call this Cheryl's Beige Food Blog. Well, I promise to add a bit of color next go round. What color should I shoot for? Maybe, fuchsia? I don't know, I'll work on it."
"Song of the Day: \"Passerby\" (All Points Bulletin Live version) by Dispatch"
"From a chapter written by Erk in the American Football Coaches Association’s Defensive Football Strategies: “By our own definition, a Junkyard Dog is a dog completely dedicated to his task, that of defending his goal line. Further, he is very often a reject (from the offense) or the runt of the litter. Nobody wants him, and he is hungry. We had three walk-ons, four QBs, and three running backs in our original Junkyard Dog starting cast, which averaged 208 pounds across the front. In short, a Junkyard Dog is one who must stretch and strain all of his potential just to survive. Then he can think about being good.”"
"Fried rice drop noodles ($8) are best eaten in the traditional Khmer style, cooked with beef, bean sprouts, garlic chives and topped with a fried egg. And it’s hard to resist chomping down a plate of deep-fried quail ($10), marinated and fried to a bone-crunching brown."
"Ridgeway Brewing Lump Of Coal"
"Also, his cousins, the banana slugs. Ew, yuck. I watched where I was going - those are gross to step on!"
"As long as we live, they, too, will live. For they are now a part of us as we remember them."
"they were a decorous race on both sides,"
"The whole purpose of me visiting these markets was to save money and buy only fresh, seasonal produce. By the time I opened my purse a couple of times, $50 soon disappeared, defeating the purpose. Many market entrepeneurs are calling these markets 'farmer's' markets in the hope of attracting a steady stream of regular Sunday shoppers and making a lot of money. This particular market I went to had more craft and food stalls than fresh produce so definitely a lot more to spend your money on."
"Since you don’t really need more than one chalkboard, I’ve been putting my “overstock” in the shop. Luckily, they sell just about as soon as I can get them in there."
"I realised that I had to not only unbutton the whole playsuit but that I needed to be two-thirds naked (bra only) to pee! Luckily the day was warm so I didn’t freeze my n****** off but it would have been a whole different story if the temperature hadn’t been 27c. I would have been grumbling & muttering to myself whilst taking off whatever I had on over the playsuit only to have my n****** frozen whilst I pee. Other toilet goers would have been looking at my cubicle weirdly thinking a crazy person has escaped from the mental institution."
"When the chicken is cooked, turn off the crock pot. Boil the potatoes in water for about 20 minutes, then add them to the crock pot, and stir to cover the potatoes in the sauce."
"1/2 cup of flour"
"In Revelation, we do not rise to heaven, but heavens descends to us. As John says, “Behold, the dwelling of God is with men. He will dwell with, and they shall be his people, and God himself will be with them” (Revelation 21:3). So we ought to look forward with anticipating joy to this glorious union of heaven with earth."
"Overall, I would recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the book, and anyone who is considering reading the book. I loved the references to Frankenstein and the whole steampunk motif. This is a fabulous novella, and I absolutely can't wait for the next installment in this thrilling series."
"We should trust in Christ. We should also believe that Jesus is the son of God and that He is our savior. We should help others to believe in Christ too so that they can have eternal life. Jesus came down from heaven and died for our sins and if we trust in Him then we will become sons and daughters of God. We should trust in Jesus and we should help others to trust in Him. If we are like John and we testify about Christ then we can help others to be believers, John testified about Jesus and we should too."
"In the six-pack I picked up last week, the brewery included a bookmark with some info about the beer, including a remarkable photo of a brewer scraping off a billowing pillow of meringue from an open tank. The visual drove home the huge departure this beer represents for a brewery with no history of German brewing. This ain't no pale ale."
"An orange"
"She’s got no info for him so he bids her farewell but no kdrama heroine is going to accept a man’s kindness without trying to repay it… well, mainly because we need the leads to reunite… so she follows him and that leads to more hijinks and even before the lie in the title begins, people have already begun to assume they are a couple. And how odd is it that this is one of the most realistic things about this drama? Because there have definitely been a time or ten when I’m with a friend, a stranger or even my BROTHER when random strangers have assumed we are together. Why, people? A man and a woman can be together without being a couple! But I digress."
"For additional help, Nadya has set up a website to accept money donations. Ed says asking for help the way Nadya has was something he was never able to do. “I never in my life—and that was something maybe negative about me—I never asked for help.”"
"The recent Pattern Review challenges have given me a creative kick lately. I finished the Vintage challenge and jumped right in to the next one, the Ready-To-Wear challenge. I actually don’t pay that much attention to ready-to-wear, in terms of sewing things for myself as I prefer to find a fabric and then decide what to make in that order. Lately I have been crazy for"
"Based on Temple’s many screen successes, Zanuck increased budgets and production values for her films. In 1937, John Ford[note 7] was hired to direct the sepia-toned Wee Willie Winkie (Temple’s own favorite)[45] and a top-drawer cast was signed that included Victor McLaglen, C. Aubrey Smith, and Cesar Romero.[45][46] The film was a critical and commercial hit,[45] but British film critic Graham Greene muddied the waters in October 1937 when he wrote in a British magazine that Temple was a “complete totsy” and accused her of being too nubile for a nine-year-old:"
"But instead melts as farmers work the loam,"
"Synopsis: Donnie is one messed up teenager. He has existential issues at a very young age. He questions the existence of god. He sleepwalks at night and dreams of a man dressed in a green bunny suit that warns him of the day when the world is going to end. Hell, I’d be messed up having these kinds of dreams as well. Will Donnie ever find out what the bunny is trying to tell him?"
"I have gone through origami phases, paper jewelry phases and paper crafting phases."
"“Oil reserves in Iran – Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia.” Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. N.p., n.d. Web. 27 Apr. 2012."
"Closer family."
"Next question in between dips in the cold water …”How can we get more big sizes for the teenagers this year?” A special fundraiser, maybe … or campaign … more “Asks?” How much can we “ask?” But we can never ask enough for these Big Kids as we refer to them – the tweens and teens who start at age 11 or 12 yrs old and often need adult sizes. As you can imagine most of the PJ drives bring us smaller sizes – and we can never have enough of these – but we are always so desperate for sizes 12 and into adults S,M, L and XL. These are the children all too often forgotten when boxes arrive at their group homes and shelters with nothing but small sizes. If you happen to see their eyes when they realize there’s nothing in there for them it will tear you up – scar your heart forever."
"One of their most charming antics was their afternoon naps. We kept a small dog house in their pen. Bassets are big dogs, with the exception of their short legs. So the process of stuffing themselves into this little dog house was entertaining. We bought a larger dog house, but they had nothing to do with it. They just kept stuffing themselves into their napping house, with a variety of limbs or body parts hanging out the flap. They were completely content. When Sterling came along, there wasn’t any room for him, so he would drape himself over the top. With paws and tail dangling, he’d nap above our snoring bassets."
"Label: Contour Editions"
"There is a beautiful feeling in a home when a new baby arrives. Regardless of how our babies have entered our home, the newborn baby spirit is miraculous. They are so fresh from heaven, and it is easy to feel the love of a wonderful Heavenly Father, as you hold one of His precious children. This last week in our home has been filled with countless reminders of the Lord's tender mercies to our family. Miracles have been handed to us, and we are forever grateful."
"Last night I watched Rambo III , it was an ok movie but nothing to call home about. Hadn’t seen it before so I thought it was better than expected. However the first one is still the best. Sly Stallone is a good actor but he has been in a lot of bad projects over the years, some of them he has even written himself."
"Perfect Chemistry is definitely more than just a romance novel. It focuses on not only the coming together of a bad boy Romeo and a princessy Juliet, but also of choices, and carving one's path and of change."
"The Most Awesome Literary Agency Ever,"
"For crying fucking out loud--how much longer am I expected to live in this godforsaken frozen hellscape?! Tell me. I need to know."
"Really this series is supposed to be a discussion between Sam Storms (the Charismatic) and Michael Patton (the Cessationist). Each man gave background to why he holds to his belief."
"All submissions must be original manuscripts not previously published elsewhere or submitted elsewhere simultaneously with submission to this journal. All submissions will be sent to two members of the journal's peer review panel for their opinions concerning content, clarity, and relevance to cryptozoology. Their comments will then be studied by the editor whose decision is final concerning whether or not the manuscript is published, subject if necessary to amendments by the author(s) if suggested by the reviewers. The copyright of all published papers belongs to this journal."
"Last Saturday I had the wonderful privilege of meeting with some local members of the SCBWI - most of whom I had never met before! Our city is in a situation like a lot of towns where the regional meetings are usually quite a ways away, while another region is actually closer."
"- Krampus Legend and Arts Workshop (KLAW): $800.00 for the Krampus Legend and Arts Workshop that will include films, puppet shows, a parade and more to promote the legend of the Krampus."
"I loved this movie."
"And still the estate is shabby. But it’s chic. It has a thriving art quarter. The area attracts a huge deal of interest and visitors. It’s become a sort of fingerless glove attached to one of Bridport’s hands."
"Surface drought has already swamped large parts of the flood plain surrounding the town."
"Winston-Salem, NC"
"The Forsythia wreath and Easter Lilies make the front door at The Glen cheery!"
"With all the 19 songs within two hours they played on last Wednesday night, I am quite sure that every body who came was pleased with the band’s performance. The rain, which was suddenly pouring on their 16th song, Anata, also didn’t stop the fans from enjoying the concert. Some fans thought that it was such a perfect coincidence as the ballad felt more moving in the middle of the rain. Even nature seemed to be drowned in the mood and ‘cry’ in happiness because of this absolutely amazing band."
"Right, my reason for all of this ranting: This is a specific and hopefully isolated event but I doubt it very much. I’m sure I could search the local news up and down the UK and find more examples (if you know of any let me know in a comment). Woking Borough Council have decided that they are going to spend (up to) £27k on commemorative mugs to celebrate the Queens 60 years on the throne and give them away free to kids in local schools as mementos. Most kids I know would find this the coolest thing on the planet, a mug with the Queens face on it. I bet they’ll all be walking around with them on show, like gang bling, for years to come!"
"Lifting you and me into a higher perspective on life."
"Empress Broo takes control and Keira gets impatient (no surprise). Ann and Katie get some time traveling in. Team William and Team Colby fans will have more to argue about. And Jumper…well, he’s just as awesome as ever."
"For today’s Photo of the Day, I’m sharing a slideshow to introduce you to the newest batch of Canadian Red Cross delegates. Delegates are highly trained professionals who are deployed internationally on behalf of the Canadian Red Cross."
"\"A Mary Sue (sometimes just Sue), in literary criticism and particularly in fanfiction, is a fictional character with overly idealized and hackneyed mannerisms, lacking noteworthy flaws, and primarily functioning as a wish-fulfillment fantasy for the author or reader. It is generally accepted as a character whose positive aspects overwhelm their other traits until they become one-dimensional.\""
"So huzzah! Hurrah! We are proud of you! stomp stomp We are proud of you! remember I was a cheerleader at one of the many points of my life."
"Wadhwa PD, Sandman CA, Porto M, et al. The association between prenatal stress and infant birth weight and gestational age at birth: a prospective investigation. Am J Obstet Gynecol 1993; 169: 858-865."
"In the last hours of his life, the Holy Spirit was so close that it is hard for me to put into words to explain. I was praying in the Spirit and the room filled with such glory that I thought that we would both be raptured and leave this earth!"
"Both moments produced lots of screaming and jumping and hugging. Face to face, on the phone, inside, outside – nowhere was safe from the excitement (and relief)."
"Plus, bonus -- this is also a mystery. Alex was six when his father was killed; and Alex is beginning to ask questions, to try to solve his father's murder."
"This past week, the baking group Tuesdays with Dorie completed making all the recipes in Dorie Greenspan's wonderful book, Baking: From My Home to Yours."
"put to death on a cross"
"She’d been hungry before. It wasn’t even unusual at this time of year, but this had been the hardest and longest winter in her memory. The dried cod was all gone and there was still too much ice out in the fjord for the ships to go out to fish for more. The schools no longer teemed just offshore, as they had in her grandfather’s day."
"Again, if you receive an email from the BWA, asking you to send in your fiction, my advice would be to delete it unread."
"Let's recap my goals:"
"GasLand is a documentary about hydrolic fracturing in america and the horrendous affect it has on the water system with reports of local people being able to light their tap water on fire because of the high concentration of natural gas in it."
"06-16 Berlin, Germany – Tempodrome"
"Today's challenge at Fab'n'Funky challenges is celebrating maleness and we are being sponsored by the fab Crimson cloud"
"Kunal Roy Kapoor plays the goofy and bumbling cop. “It’s an amazing author-backed role, you’re going to love him,” says John. The film will have action shot in real locations in real-time. John seems super excited: “Producing films like these not only help me expand my repertoire, but will give me credibility as an actor.”"
"New Arrivals:"
"Then came the idea of writing a letter to a fictional adult The Whispering Petunia:"
"I am not going to do a lot of environment and costume research, nor am I going to worry about how accurate the piece is to the time it was written. My focus on this project is to convey the person, their experience or emotion, and try to visually allow the viewer to rest in the person/character's shoes. I admire all of the classical paintings telling the stories of the Bible, but why mimic and copy what has already been done? I don't believe they connect as richly with the people of today, especially the younger crowd."
"You ripped your chest open to please,"
"I finished the stitchery part of my tall stitchery. This was the first one I've done in stem stich and using variegated thread. I'm quite happy with it. As this was a kit I already have the fabric for the boarders."
"I believed that lie for way too many years."
"In this batch of photos I have the bodice on over a mid 1870s bustle and an unfinished petticoat I had laying around (yes, I have a lot of random, unfinished bits laying around). In the next post I'll show you what it looks like over other shapes, and I will solicit your opinion on the probable date of this bodice. In the meantime, here are a bunch of gratuitous close ups!"
"The wooden box is something I picked up in Portugal, but I found a better one in the Happy Daze shop which is the same ..........darn it wish I had seen that one earlier. First Gesso was used, acrylic paint and then rubbed down to age it a bit. Heat embossed the Laugh stamp . Lined with patterened paper. Lacquered to finish it off."
"I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. Oh good, an ambulance. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. Oh look at you! You're turning left! Congratulations you fucking asshole. Oh, yep. Just a little slower now. Make sure you've really got it. Hooray! I hate you. Fuck you. I hate you. Fuck you. SERIOUSLY?! A CAR ATTACHED TO A TRUCK ON SUNSET?! Awesome. Ya know what you could use more of? Lights, yellow tape, and billowing black exhaust. Ugh. I wish I was dead. I wish I was dead. I wish I was dead. Calm down everyone, it's just a movie premiere. Let's all try to focus up and continue on. UGH!!!! Pedestrians are the devil. Pedestrians are the devil. Pedestrians are the devil. Seriously bicyclist?! Who do you think you're helping? Get a fucking car you shitshow. You dirty hipster. You're not saving the environment. You're only increasing the homicide rate. USE THE SIDEWALK! Ideally you'll take out a few pedestrians in the process. My life lacks meaning. My life lacks meaning. My life lacks meaning. My life lacks meaning. My life lacks meaning. CONSTRUCTION!!!? Oh sure, now's a good time to work on the 101. 5pm on a Friday. Excellent choice, city of Los Angeles. You son of a bitch. There is no God. There is no God. There is no God. There is no God. What the fuck are you doing lady? Oh I get it, you're doing your makeup while reading to your child, OBVIOUSLY. You suck! You are so stupid! This time should be dedicated to DRIVING!!!! AAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!"
"It’s performance review season, and you know the drill. Drag each of your direct reports into a conference room for a one-on-one, hand them an official-looking document, and then start in with the same, tired conversation. Say some positive things about what the employee is good at, then some unpleasant things about what he’s not good at, and end — wearing your most solicitous grin — with some more strokes of his ego. The result: a mixed message that leaves even your best employees feeling disappointed. But if you take the right approach, appraisals are an excellent opportunity to reinforce solid performers and redirect the poor ones."
"Now, sunsuits were different than bathing suits. Sunsuits were play clothes, made of a light cotton. Mine were tied at the shoulders, gathered at the waist and had elastic at the legs. It was a bathing suit, but not really."
"So while the emotions involving my dad are intense for me these days, I was able to enjoy a day of work"
"Nutty and rich with delicate grassy notes"
"ready to take the dark"
"\"It's not like I didn't work at jobs though,\" she continues. She worked on projects, did some writing but she didn't take the time to nurture her own interests and career. \"A big mistake,\" she warns."
"\"Yes - but don't tell her parents that. They think we are here to stay - that it is home. I suppose it is = for now.\""
"Some theaters may refuse to show this. Some may be turned off at the fact that Ayn Rand was an atheist. others will call it racist because it goes against everything our President stands for. I say we should ignore both critiques, and take the value of the substance from the material and use to to make ourselves better."
"You want to know what I think is missing from Irish beer? Bravery. With just a few exceptions, mostly from the established companies, we're still stuck in the Stout-Lager-Red Ale Beermuda Triangle of traditional Irish styles, only now we have a hoppy-but-sessionable pale ale thrown in too. Metalman, while sticking to a solidly reliable pale ale to make a name for themselves, haven't been afraid to play around with other ideas for the limited editions. So we had the antipodean-hopped not-quite-amber ale mentioned above for one, and second up was a peppered witbier made with saison yeast: Alternator. Beer is all about diversity and Metalman get this gong for giving us that from the very start."
"Elsie’s (Liz’s) big break came in 1900, when Elsie was 11. It so happened that she had known President McKinley from his days as Ohio governor. Based on this old connection, Elsie was booked for a “command performance” at the White House. Following that engagement, she was truly in demand. At Mike Shea’s Theatre in Buffalo, she started out in the number two slot. By the following week she was headlining. Her 1905 performance at New York’s Casino Theatre Roof Garden set the town abuzz, with her impressions of Weber and Fields, Faye Templeton and Lillian Russell. later that year she played London and Paris. Her repertoire grew over the years to include: Vesta Victoria, Eddie Foy, Eva Tanguay, Ethyl Barrymore, Anna Held, Harry Lauder, Irene Franklin, Pat Rooney, Frank Tinny, George M. Cohan, Sarah Bernhardt, Nazimova, Bert Williams, Fanny Brice, Will Rogers—effectively half the people in these annals."
"What is wrong with Cinderella, anyway? “It’s just, honey, Cinderella doesn’t really do anything”, says Orenstein. Cinderella, Ty Girlz, American Girl, and Bratz do have a common denominator – they are all pretty. In fact, some are sizzlin’, know how dress to impress, and admit to being shopaholics (I once shopped for 12 hours straight!). Apart from promoting “shopping as the path to intimacy between mothers and daughters”, does this also teach our daughters to value their appearance above everything else?"
"The most prolific of this kind of bigoted, ignorant, hateful Xenophobia today is Homophobia."
"I never thought that I would have to go through confinement. It is where you and I are confined at home for 30 days – this is so that I will recover from pregnancy. There are extreme rules about confinement, thankfully your grandma did not impose them on me! In some culture, one is not allowed to shower or wash hair – can you imagine that? I would smell SO badly, but thankfully I took a shower straight after you were born and washed my hair the next day. Another thing about confinement is confinement food! My goodness! I will be happy to never ever see another chicken and ginger soup! Yes – even you have been eating that! I bet you are ready for something different also! Pork perhaps?"
"You've probably heard by now, that our Master of Ceremonies is once again the indomitable Leonard Cohen, who arrived a little while ago by helicopter on the front lawn, with a bevy of swinging backup babes. I requested \"Dance Me to the End of Love\", for openers. Stand back ladies, I have reserved his first dance. What's this in his hand? Oh my, dearest Lenny, you shouldn't have! I do believe he has brought me some kind of sparkly gift. He's so sweet, he know's what a magpie I am."
"My vote, therefore, is that the petitions must be granted in Araneta vs. Dinglasan, G. R. No. L-2044; Araneta vs. Angeles, G. R. No. L-2756 and Guerrero vs. Commissioner of Customs, G. R. No. L-3055, and that judgment must be deferred in Rodriguez vs. El Tesorero de Filipinas, G. R. No. L-3054 and Barredo vs. The Commission on Election, G. R. No. L-3056."
"This enlarged bed officially became ‘the Polyantha bed’ today when I moved ‘Leonie Lamesch’ out of her pot to a permanent home. She’s on the left in front of the blue pot. I bought her to grow in the purple pot. Then I heard rumors that she was not a petite Polyantha but a rather robust girl that could get to be six feet tall and across. She’s well on her way. The blue pot is where ‘Polonaise’ is staying until she moves next door to SdlM."
"Stevenage are currently in pole position by the slenderest of margins, they are on 70 points with a goal difference of +22. Hot on Stevenage’s heels are Notts County who are also on 70 points and are only behind Stevenage due to having a goal difference of just +9."
"1/4 c granulated sugar"
"The red and blue lights danced across the street, leaped from house to house, and trickled around most of Greenbury Drive. Hank and Chris were joined by a few more and a few more people as they could see two police cars and a circle of residents. Silhouettes walked towards the scene, stopped, turned, then walked away faster than they had approached."
"After a few more vodkas I notice it is geiting dark which I find very funny. I also realise I need the toilet and for some reason can't stop laughing on the way."
"Trollip said he had been told by a human rights activist interviewed by the generals that they handed Mbeki a thorough and \"hard-hitting\" report on state-sponsored violence."
"I was finding that when students were given the choice of centers, they were picking their favorite and never completing any of the rest. So when I came across these Daily 5 rotation bookmarks, I was ecstatic!"
"CALLER: So what makes it OK for you to say the word?"
"Papa Levi - Speed Rapping"
"Resort"
"Most of the action, thus far, as taken place online in our first online readalong but the live events have started, wtih a presentation on how the original railroad bridges went from rail to trail (many of them are now part of a state park called the Overseas Heritage Trail) and a special guided tour of the Speedway to Sunshine exhibit at the Custom House (there’s another this Friday — you can still sign up by coming into the library or calling there at 305-292-3595)."
"Read the Roman-Raphaelson book on writing. Read it three times"
"As we drove northwards the black clouds disappeared and and a pale yellow sun appeared. The light was incredible - it literally sparkled."
"Let me start from the beginning. I’m the type of person that doesn’t believe in burning bridges because you just never know."
"The forest behind the house has completely leafed out and now we are totally hidden from the condos across the stream and greenbelt. They can’t see us and we don’t want to see them. I like that portion of it, the privacy and the quiet. The front porch is getting a workout. I might put a tasteful lamp out there to further enjoy my morning paper and a cup – limit, 6 – of coffee. A couple of years ago I transplanted a sprig of English Ivy, and now it threatens to overrun the entirety of the porch. It does need to be trimmed back, but not just yet. It looks vibrant and nice. Nothing wrong with a little greenery slinking all over the place. You see some lizards darting in and out of it now and again, so it’s a little arboretum/refuge for them. That’s okay."
"3Com Compatible Transceivers Designed for Multi-Mode Fibers"
"EOH: In the report that was released, a representative from Treasury was very specific that at the time you asked for a meeting with the National Bankers Association, Treasury was getting 70 to 80 calls a day from all financial parties about the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac bailout and your call was simply one among the many. Why then is considered now a major offense?"
"low-fat cheddar (cubed)"
"dosen’t neccesarily mean that they have “IT”"
"Let’s be fair: the English themselves are guilty of nicknames, too: “Princess Di” and “Fergie,” for starters. In their tabloids, Michael Jackson was gleefully rechristened “Wacko Jacko,” Madonna is \"Madge\"; Paul McCartney, “Mac,” David Beckham, \"Becks.\""
"I don’t want to lay the boot into Laid, as if it’s some kind of blight on Australian television because it’s far more sophisticated than most of the commercial networks scripted offerings. It’s just that we shouldn’t really be comparing it to other Aussie shows as that’s not exact a tough group to outclass. Laid is a self-assured series that knows the story it wants to tell. Well, that’s one way to look at it. The other way to look at it is: Laid is a smug series that puts on its ‘quirky dark comedy’ skin and doesn’t really do much beyond that. Laid is also not nearly as clever as it thinks it is."
"Today, at noon, with the sun shining nicely on these sculptures, and silhoutted against the white snow, I could clearly make out what they were!! They looked just so awesome!! Well, okay, so maybe I'm easily impressed. But I thought I would show them to you, and see what you think. I tried to rotate the pic horizontally, to make it easier for you to see them, and it just seems to have set my whole world upside down! Rather than give any of you vertigo, I will leave it just as I see it from high above."
"It wasn’t easy taking a day off. It wasn’t easy sitting around doing nothing when I knew my friends were out there on the trails on the best day of the year so far. It wasn’t easy to skip a day, but it helped to know another run would come along soon. My goal is more or less intact and that’s what really counts … it’s just so hard to stay focused on the long term when the short term is getting shredded."
"FH: Yes, in late August I’m just getting all my show cards organised, and then I’ll be liaising with the Gateway Theatre about seating, and then there is my big job - my head list. I take each event apart and note what is required - then take it to the committee for them to sign on the line what they are going to do - who is going to meet the authors, introduce them, give the vote of thanks, who is going to be on duty, do we need a float, will there be drinks - looking after all aspect of the events."
"\"We'll work on it,\" Ellen promised. \"Now, I gotta dash. Lunch was over about 10 minutes ago for me.\""
"The Met Ball is hosted by Vogue big shot Anna Wintour. She invites the fabulous to come and wear their most Vogue-worthy threads."
"JIM SHEPARD (You Think That’s Bad, Like You’d Understand Anyway)"
"I looooove the Harry Potter series,"
"This is the cake I made. Normally I would cover each layer in fondant that I make, but time really got away from me and I had to make do with buttercream (also homemade). I am not great with my buttercream smoothing so it is not up to my normal standards...but the birthday boy loved it so that's what counts, right?"
"So I am going to attend the NEA conference in Washington, DC this year. I decided to go because I can take my family. My girls are old enough now to maybe appreciate a trip to Washington and my local union will pay my way... so what better way to get a little vacation too."
"David Shipula is the current president of the Malt Beverage Distributors Association of Pennsylvania. (Disclosure: I was compensated to travel to Pittsburgh and address the MBDAPA several years ago; I do freelance consulting for some members of the Association.) He is also the owner of Beer Super in Wilkes-Barre. He seems to be a good guy, working for the Association."
"Why would someone intentionally sell a cake without any prior experience in making that certain cake? Well, because that someone, who just happens to be me, is stark raving mad."
"The trouble is (and all you Pagans out there will really know what I mean here), how to find people who *aren't mad*? I'm very wary of getting involved with any of the big groups, having gone down that route rather less than successfully. The PF don't really have any moots, groups or gathering close by (and I've been to their London Open Rituals lots of times in the past and not really been that impressed) and I'm not getting involved with CoA again. I am too scared to put a note in my local new age shop because that will definitely draw out the nutters."
"Christianity."
"The primary differences between auto coverage and RV coverage result from the primary differences between your car and your RV. An RV is more than just an RV; it is a house on wheels. This means you need more coverage than you have on your car in order to cover potential losses that you are open to with an RV that you wouldn’t be with a car."
"Perhaps the most useful things I bought with me were a Russian hat - particularly important if you're thinning on top - and some antibacterial handwash (some of the boxes have rat droppings in them). Next week I'll also have some skiwear, so I should be okay."
"with yourself….bein adam l’atzmo bring bitachon (‘confidence’) in the coming of Moshiach to your practice today. bring it to your prayers. bring it to bear in the kavannah you bring to all your doings of good and your avoidance of evils. just bring it."
"I have no shame in admitting that I am a fan of Burnside and take a small amount of pride in being one of the voices that has helped convince John Self over at Asylum to read more of him and realise just how good he is (although in his own end of the year round-up he mentions that he did so in order to shut people like me up). This latest novel shows a writer at the height of his powers returning to a story he failed to complete a decade ago and delivering a novel filled with atmosphere, unease, myth, storytelling, artistry and writing so good it sometimes make you want to take a moment and nod your head in appreciation. Set in the Arctic Circle and drawing on the folk myths of the area this is a book infused with the spectral light of the midnight sun; deeply unsettling, wonderfully complex, another weapon in my arsenal to make sure that you all make the effort to pick up one of his books. Soon."
"Tyres work within a window of ideal vertical load. This load comes from weight distribution and downforce, simplistically the former affects low speed grip and the latter higher speed grip. Teams need to balance the static weight distribution and downforce front to rear to suit the tyres. A graph of load versus grip for a tyre will see significant drops either end of the scale as the tyre fails to work when either over or under loaded. It seem that Mercedes have too much load on the front tyres which will see them give up grip as the tyres gets too heavily loaded, this induces understeer. Conversely they have too little load at the rear which will compromise traction off the line and out of slow turns, but also induce oversteer. Having both ends of the car with incorrectly loaded tyres loads, will produce a car lacking in balance. The team could reduce grip at the rear to balance the car, but will then have a car lacking in grip."
"No......I can't bring myself to be mean and hateful and slam down the receiver, but I'll admit the thought does cross my mind. They are just trying to do a job, although they are not very good at it and cause more inconvenience and frustration than anything."
"An actor picks up a knife, with intent to kill. The perspective that the character provides us with makes the act of picking up a knife feel real to us, and we can identify with his world by seeing through his eyes. The character is dynamic, the knife relatively passive, and yet it is also as if, in some sense, the knife transforms the actor, and a change comes over him."
"2: We are all in our early/mid/late 50's and our 60's are looming ominously large."
"It’s sad but true!"
"must be experienced as adapted, as \"recognizable.\" The material of the senses adapted by the understanding, reduced to rough outlines, made similar, subsumed under related matters. Thus the fuzziness and chaos of sense impressions are, as it were, logicized;"
"This past Friday, a whole sea of Junior High students and their parents came from all over Saitama to look at the entrance examination results. They had the students names and their status on this huge board in the front outside foyer of the school for everyone to see. It was so cute to see the little students jump in excitement when they found out they got in. A lot of students came with their friends, and many of them would jump and hug each other when they found out that they both got in together."
"Backstory: The Joseph brothers came to this country from their native Haiti and have been business and property owners for over 26 years. Two weeks ago, they were informed that their building on South Oxford Street in Fort Greene, Brooklyn could not legally house their business - F + S Tire Shop. While tires were changed on the South Oxford corner (for nearly three decades), the brownstone neighborhood has improved around F + S. Crime has been pushed out, and the downtown Brooklyn location is once again prime real estate."
"After the foam board pieces were secure, I brushed a light, even layer of"
"2) giving change"
"A similar jaundiced mood appears in the amusing irony of ‘Born Rich’:"
"In the 2009 case, Harris County vs. Afsaneh Saghian, the court ruled “the Medical Examiner of Harris County is a judicial officer and that it is manifestly improper for a district court to enjoin him from performing duties which he deems — in a valid exercise of his discretion — to be necessary and required of him by statute.”"
"The Art of Note Gala is sponsored by Boardman Clark Law Firm, The Century House, C.K. Chang, CUNA Mutual Group, EnRich Financial Partners, Full Compass Systems, Goldstein & Associates, Goodman’s Jewelers, Lynn’s of Madison, Stafford Rosenbaum LLP, Tetrad, Inc., Wallman Investment Counsel, and Wegner CPAs."
"I actually sewed my first pocket and attached my first elastic to a pocket with this first one!! I was so proud of myself, I didn't even follow any tutorials I just did some thinking before I started. Actually after I cute the arm holes out in the pillow cases, I noticed that the material I had just cut off of the pill case was shaped like a pocket and that's what started the whole thing :)"
"I have the sense that to many Russians’ minds, these are the men who stepped into the power vacuum that emerged in the wake of the Soviet Union’s rather sudden collapse. Maybe not these exact thugs, but other, bigger-time thugs, opportunists with extensive criminal histories who knew how to seize the moment, or the oil industry, or whatever happened to be lying around for the taking. And now these delightful fellows are enjoying the bounties of freedom! The freedom to fly planeloads of hookers to alpine resorts! I imagine our young entrepreneurial dinner companions, now 40something, tearing the corks out of bottles of Cristal with their teeth somewhere on the French Riviera."
"Single Family Rentals Now Exceed Multifamily"
"“See Rosy there? They were going to kill her. She’s got no back paw. She was born that way.”"
"Julia, Stuart and Baby Alexi’s birth story:"
"The Kansas race also marked the return of Kasey Khane (hopefully). A solid top-ten run for this guys is what they needed to stop the bleeding. Let’s hope this showing was not a fluke."
"“I know you and your mother are going to the beach soon,” she says, “but what about if I pay to send you on a special vacation, just for you?”"
"And that's why"
"Last week two of my dear friends were accepted as candidates for ordination in the Evangelical Presbyterian Church. One was passed by the committee without any difficulty. The other was required to complete an extra step by writing a statement in defense of the biblical basis for being called to ordained ministry. One was accepted immediately. The other was accepted only by secret ballot."
"I'm happy to say....the basement stairs are finally done. To see how the stairs looked before....you check check them out here....they sure have come a long way."
"It made more sense for me to return home with no job than to venture off to a lonely city (DC or Chicago) with no job. I am still applying to jobs in DC because I can waive into the DC Bar, and I am still applying for jobs in Chicago that don't require IL Bar admission (or any bar admission for that matter)."
"And the people eat it up – hook, line, and sinker."
"Earlier in the year (yeah, it’s taken me this long to get around to posting these), A. and I went on a little trip down the Great Ocean Road. Just past Anglesea is an attractive rocky spine of a headland, at low tide surrounded by sandy flats. The rocks themselves have been weathered by salt, wind and water, and are riddled with holes and dimples, full of character."
"We do not know much about life in eternity."
"Enjoy the rest of your weekend. Oh and I must have dropped some friend links off of the blog roll, if you want to share links let me know and I will get you back in there. Thanks."
"Note: Fixed expired link on May 20, 2007"
"ME: OK, what's a velour pour l'hiver?"
"Not only she had done herself well by proof to the whole entire school boards she is innocent and at the end who was the one got caught with drug and trying to claim was not theirs, that is what you get for trying to get back at your enemy."
"I got into quite a drawing roll this time around and am really happy with what I have to share with you today. These are my new digital images. Just click on any that you are interested in and it will take you right to their listing in the Whimsy store:"
"Reluctantly left behind"
"I know. It's ugly. Drips and all...I am so ashamed. :)"
"CAFE DE LA MAIRIE - best people-watching ever"
"Currently, only 49 Representatives belong to the Caucus. To put that in some perspective, 344 Congressional districts are home to at least one small brewery and we assume every one of the 435 districts is home to homebrewers and beer enthusiasts."
"In his words, something inside of me ticked. And immediately, I felt a flash of defensiveness. But I stopped myself before I could say anything more. I just don’t get how those signs had resurface in font of my brother with so much clarity. While it took me more than three years to figure it out. I admit, there are just some things that were clearly beyond my understanding."
"Itâ€™s not enough that you love me for me"
"Subscription information is available at this link."
"LABELING! I feel like the #1 organizational tip any teacher needs is to LABEL EVERYTHING. That print enriches your Kinder's vocabulary and if you add pictures to your print, it makes it even better! I plan on adding pictures to my supply buckets- I just haven't yet."
"In adjustment to stop the apparatus and platforms in the Tick Tock Clock, artlessly jump into the alarm if the minute duke is on the 12."
"When you’re married a while, you fall into certain patterns. One is that when we’re driving home after midnight, my wife likes to put the seat back and sleep. Not in the SL550. She kept talking about the car. It’s so silent with the top up, she noticed. That’s the advantage of a folding hardtop I explained. We drove on and my wife stayed awake the entire time, just talking about the SL550 and how much she liked it. I can honestly say that’s neverhappened before, both her staying awake and talking about a car. Seriously, I don’t think ever. And when we pulled in and parked she turned to me and said, “Do you think Mercedes would give me one of these for a week? I’d totally write them a review.” Whoa, did she ever love this thing."
"But let's just deal with that £414 billion. Imagine what could be done with it. Imagine how it could be used to make sure that we developed the very best sustainable energy sources, let's say. Or how it could be used to ensure that we had the best medical service we could possibly imagine. Or that it could be ploughed into investing in people's training, education, and development of skills and ideas. Or that it was channeled into solving the problems of housing for all."
"In food processor crumble one head of cauliflower."
"Paul: talking gibberish got me elected"
"One of the toughest things to find a good gluten-free replacement for is pizza. Over the past few years, I have found a few good substitutes, though, and I thought I’d share my findings."
"Some space and some time can take the conversation long way."
"Siberry, and even a few post-punk chanteuses (ex-Sugarcube"
"“Are you sure about this, Zeph?” he asked as he advanced towards me."
"Nov 18 – The National – Richmond, VA (W/Cobra Starship)"
"One last run for you my friend if you want to see what you want to see!\""
"skip lifetimes in one trip"
"First we looked at other bloggers' fabric organization systems in order to get ideas. A lot of people seem to use \"The Fabric Organizer\". Very functional and neat looking, but at almost $2 a board, we had to find a cheaper alternative. the little green bean used foam core board, which ends up looking the same at a fraction of the price. At the cheapest online price, each of those boards costs about $0.44 to make. However, we thought the foam core board might get bent pretty easily and eventually need replacing."
"Over the years, people (namely my husband) have gotten the impression that this means I don't like new things. Wrong! I love new things and would very much enjoy shopping, if I had the money to purchase what I want. I've always thought, \"window shopping when you can't afford to buy it is not only a waste of time, but borders on torture.\""
"105. “There are two ways to spread happiness; either be the light who shines it or be the mirror who reflects it.” – Edith Wharton"
"DRINK"
"“I’m sure if we put everything into this game, with the quality we’ve got it can make the difference.”"
"also printed out some materials from afterschool.com for interview's tips and references."
"Also don't allow it to catch on fire. I wish I could show you the \"after\" picture but the table was 'seasoning' in my unfinished home when it burnt down. The only thing left was part of the side (circled) and even that's been cremated."
"Later in the day, we were able to taste test all the flavors of V-Fusion and they were really de-lish! The coolest part is that each 8 ounce glass has a full serving of fruits and a full serving of vegetables! So, if you have kids like mine, this is great news! Brooklyn ate a tablespoon of peanut butter and a jelly bean she found in the couch, for lunch yesterday (don't ask). Needless to say, although her diet is high in sugar, ketchup, and chocolate, it's somewhat lacking in actual food and nutrients. But, she loves juice! So I know if she drinks a glass of V-Fusion, she'll get 2 servings from the fruit and vegetable group and that makes me feel good! Plus V-Fusion doesn't have artificial colors, flavors, preservatives, or added sugar. Now that's something any mom can feel good about!"
"This isn’t the 60s…but it sure is starting to look like it. Trayvon Martin has been flooding local and national airwaves for about a month now, rallying protestors of racial profiling and stirring up controversy surrounding gun-rights."
"Sighing, I reached for the nasty bag of Old El Paso tortillas I'd kept in reserve. They were coming off the bench."
"How did Pigibit5 form?"
"-$55 gift card: $33"
"A serious study guide designed for the Montessori classroom, this program includes over 70 pages that include single pages for drills and tracing, large characters for tracing, and other material that your child can begin using intuitively and easily."
"failures. Some of my family, welcome me with open arms, some appear to"
"A win today againstChelseawould no doubt be heralded, by some, as the culmination of successful season. Things aren’t quite as straight forward as that as our league form has suggested. However, Kenny could take owners, or anyone else who might feel that we could have done better, and point to two trophies, that is success by any criteria winning two out the three competitions we are in. Its want the fans want? Said Kenny"
"But Alice has a secret of her own: she isn't a stranger to bloodshed. When a grisly crime makes Abe the target of a local murder investigation, Alice declares war on the house. Now Alice knows that if she walks away she may never be able to prove Abe's innocence. But if she stays she might become his next victim..."
"Divide the dough in half, and on a floured surface, roll each half out into a 9\" circle."
"Stepping out of the elevator we emerged in a modern exhibit of expressionism. Basically it was a canopy bed with polyester clothing and a disco ball over the canopy, titled; Disco. What an introduction to modern art. She was confused and I thought it not worth explaining, on we went."
"Quote: Reason often makes mistakes, but conscience never does. ~ Josh Billings"
"And, about those bad guys, I want you to think about how beautifully a diamond shines against a black background."
"I then invoke the name of the goddess who rules the universe:"
"1 backbone"
"By the time Baby Man came he wasn't the first number ten to have been conceived. I had long since learned that a positive pregnancy test did not guarantee a baby in nine months. I held my breath and again waited for the tell tail signs of loss. I started with the hours, which passed to days, which passed to weeks, and then finally to months. Nine long months of waiting to see, of holding my breath."
"We also got the story of how the sommelier at 40 Sardines (the former Leawood hotspot owned by Michael Smith and Debbie Gold pre-divorce) was their FAVORITE, and the sommelier was so good and knew them by name, and when they ate at Michael Smith they asked what happened to the sommelier, and Michael Smith said, “He’s right up the street! He opened his own shop!”, and she walked in and he was so happy to see them, and he remembered us and walked right over to pick up some of their best “buttery” Chardonnays because he knows exactly what she likes, and we just let him pick our wines because he’s so good…"
"Ok...i'm not really a cute stamper...but you get the idea (:o)"
"Instagram."
"Using a mortar & pestle grind the garlic with a little sea salt and then add chilli, sage leaves and thyme. (Note that you can use as many or as few herbs as you like here- my herbs change depending on what I have.) Grind to a paste. Then add the rind of the lemon and juice and the fennel seeds. Then add the ricotta and about a tablespoon of olive oil and stir through. I like to add white pepper as well. Adjust seasoning to taste. And of course you can change any or ALL of these ingredients to whatever you like- no rules here!"
"Our lives will reflect God. And the world needs the light and love of God."
"On Sunday April the 8th we shall come together in Paris to have a hole day of memorial of Jesus offering himself and a celebration of the resurrection of Jesus. Service will be bilingual French-English."
"In any case, \"IAtW\" is a weird enough song on its own, but among its more obscure weirdnesses (an example of a less obscure one being the lyrics, which, though themselves obscure in meaning, are at least easily discernible) is the fact that John had a radio on while they were recording it and the radio was playing a BBC version of King Lear. At the 3:57 mark of the video I link to above, you can clearly hear, in the background (as long as you know its there), Oswald saying \"Villain, take my purse ...\" and then the rest is pretty clear too, when you know what they're saying."
"First, after a long silence of astonishment, when I realised it,"
"That final push up the Bright Angel Trail, from Indian Gardens to the trail-head, was the hardest stretch I've ever had to deal with, emotionally ready for it all to be over, and physically unable to keep a rhythm without frequent rest stops along the way. I was glad that I was still with Jess, who set a good pace up the hill and even had us running the final 50 or so yards."
"Unlike Timothy, which takes a bit of care to get established, Orchardgrass often finds its own way into pastures and hayfields. Propogating both by seeds and by tillers that spread from its dense, clumped bases, Orchardgrass competes well with other grasses and weeds as it seeks new soil. As its name implies, Orchardgrass is tolerant to shade (surviving even in less than 40% sun) and thus can be found commonly between trees in orchards or woods as long as they are not overly dense."
"Just like the great, endless sky."
"She recalled her innovative “youth cafe” collaboration with IMPACT Silver Spring in the Briggs Chaney crime hotspot as an example of a better approach — and told of talking with one young African American woman from Sherwood who said her friends were so bored they were looking forward to a curfew — as an exciting way to get chased by police."
"\"Is my character likeable enough?\""
"and we were safe."
"Case in point--school libraries."
"But I can at least tell you about this product, can't I? After all, the holiday season is nearly upon us and that means parties and get-togethers, and that means fancy clothes that we probably haven't worn since last year."
"To actually write the color poetry is very easy. I have students look at their Renaming Crayons sheet and choose their 3-5 ideas. If I were to do this activity in second grade would most likely choose 3, and in fourth grade I would chose 5 ideas. Then drafting is simple! Students start the poem with the color and then each of their color names is one line. The poem ends with the color again. Here is an example:"
"First Action Interview Pilot enhances information exchange between applicant and examiner and promotes early resolution of outstanding issues"
"Going barefoot will also allow her feet to develop naturally without being restricted by shoes. Your baby’s bones are soft, and cramping them in a pair of shoes too early can squash her feet and prevent them growing properly."
"Once the cloth was soaked it must be pounded. Without mills, the cloth is soaped and stamped on by bare feet. The first mill, however, came into being in France during the 11th century and by the 12th century were in England as well."
"The three poems above are all in the public domain. The poem below is copyright-protected."
"I always wanted that myself"
"3) Generously dust table-top with plain flour. Divide dough into 12 portions. Flatten each portion and roll into a thin round wrapper."
"On Saturday, April 21, Emerging Arts Leaders/Los Angeles (EAL/LA) will host a day-long Creative Conversation conference, entitled “Lessons from Social Entrepreneurs: How to Add Value to Your Organization and Career” at the Plaza de la Raza (3540 N Mission Rd, Los Angeles, 90031). The day’s events will start at 10:15am and conclude at 3:30pm. Tickets are $20; catered lunch from Panera Bread is included in the ticket price. Lunchtime will also feature a performance by the 3rd nationally ranked youth mariachi ensemble. Follow this link to reserve your ticket: http://ealla.kintera.org/ecommerce"
"A good orator can here see well what I would like to say, if I were learned in the art of oratory, and what a legate should aim at and expound at the diet, if he would discharge his office honestly and faithfully."
"Stephen Derbyshire"
"253. Labs, microscopes, hands-on learning."
"I especially love the scripture they chose from Proverbs: Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways, acknowledge Him and He shall direct thy paths."
"Swayze's office was on my route, which was the fifth floor. And on my final run of the day I had strict instructions not to enter his office, but to slide the mail under the door. He was busy memorizing his script."
"-Travel to every continent in the world"
"However, mainly because of Chad, the class certainly had the potential to have gone off the tracks. He was a bad boy, not tough guy bad, but mischievously bad in quite a bold and audacious way. He'd do his best to get both me and the class going, but somehow, I would always manage to reign him in without too much fuss or muss. The class would laugh at or with him, but they would get back on task pretty easily."
"anyway, watching little house, going out for breakfast tomorrow morning if anything is open!"
"2 tsp butter"
"Comfort: 8/10- I was able to wear these for about 6.5 hours before they started bothering my eyes. I have pretty sensitive eyes though, and some days they like circle lenses and some days they don't. Generally, they were pretty comfortable."
"2: SHIRLEY & LEE - I'm Gone"
"“now, father, glorify me alongside yourself. give me the same glory I had with you before the world existed.” (John 17:5 CJB)"
"There is increasing evidence that the United States has absolutely had it with the social conservatives in this country, but none more compelling than the fervent, almost mob-like mentality that is passionately committed to destroying Sarah Palin. And, they are succeeding."
"The slough of despond,"
"His first hoax, early in October of 1862, was an article about a Petrified Man found in the Nevada desert east of Virgina City. Twain describes a prospector with a wooden leg who was found turned to stone at a place called Gravelly Ford. He describes the man's position, and if any of his readers had bothered to adopt the pose – or even mentally visualise it – they would have realised immediately that Twain was joshing them. (He even signed that article \"Josh\") One of his main aims in writing this hoax piece was to vex an enemy of his, a man named George Sewall with whom he was feuding. And he succeeded. People generally do not expect the printed word to be an outright lie."
"Mother taught me to live my values (She certainly lived hers) and to practice kindness (she was better at that than I am)."
"The following responses, updated periodically, are in answer to state senator Tammy Irons' remark published 5/12/12: Several weeks ago, I was told by a member of the reapportionment committee* that they would draw me a great district to be elected as a Republican."
"· Driven problem solver with proven success in solving difficult problems."
"Speaking of, see that empty frame? See #16. :)"
"Back it: Cork are bound to be fired up for the televised game. If it can go right for them on the night they have the players to hold out Rovers. Cork +1 is 5/6 with Paddy Power. With Rovers poor run down there it is worth a bet."
"3) favorite spooky novel?"
"For some reason I own only one of his books. It is not amongst his best known. It is called The Enduring Revolution. The idea behind the title is that history’s revolutions come and go, but Jesus is the one who revolutionises the human heart. Christ began an enduring revolution because the changes that he brings to the inside of a person continue to this day."
"She said, “stay away from the ring of toadstools that stand alone on the hillside. ”"
"Kathleen’s book was nothing short of inspirational, and it really motivated me"
"However, you may have noticed some changes to the security arrangements for this evening’s entertainment. In the past, if you were unlucky a particularly officious steward might have a Hard Look at your badge. I remember one year having some trouble convincing one fellow that my likeness had been taken whilst my moustache was benefiting from the lush pastures of the Welland Valley."
"Well so far, no luck! Sunday night we were treated to dinner by the boss, at Moroccan Feast in Randwick, I had never tried Moroccan but knew I would probably love it, as I really like Turkish food."
"Before the present Awami League (AL) regime, the tenure of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) regime was marked by a conspicuous increase in attacks on religious and ethnic minorities in Bangladesh. The rising tide of killings, forced conversion, arson, rape, abduction and threats was partially stemmed during the interim caretaker government. In the present AL times, the scenario for religious minorities have been relatively less violent. Unlike in the Indian Union, the minorities of Bangladesh do not have multiple political allegiances to chose from . AL with all its inadequacies ( the sordid backtracking on a clearly secular constitution and economic devastation of minorities by the Enemy/Vested property acts being the most egregious) has been nearly the sole beneficiary of the minority votes in Bangladesh. Numbering nearly 10 percent of the population, they are crucial for AL’s design of holding on to power."
"I tell Mama Evie just a regular girl"
"I've been playing a little more with my twin beads. Once again I started out with a circle of five beads as the shape lends itself well to circular patterns. Looking at the gap between the beads, I thought a bicone would be a good shape to fill it out. So I got out som frosted 4 mm crystals and began stitching. This is the result of my first trial."
"The other question the auction will settle, at least for the time being, is one of the great debates of Pop Culture: Who is worth more today, Batman or Superman?\""
"The Price of Love by The Everly Brothers"
"Maybe you have located your self in a situation that you required dollars quickly, but payday was days or perhaps weeks absent? This has occurred to most of us at one time or another plus its important to remember the fact that you will find options available. Exactly what those people possibilities? Signature Loans is one of them and payday advances, cash advances, and so forth."
"I don't know enough about the technology to assess its accuracy, but the story from Mr. DA Confidential doesn't inspire confidence. It does make me confident, though, that SCOTUS decided the Melendez-Diaz case properly last year when they found that defendants had the right to cross-examine lab workers whose reports are presented as evidence at trial. Without that right, in this instance Mr. Dorsen's client would still be sitting in the Travis County Jail based on a clumsy (and perhaps common) forensic error."
"“Flesh and blood” does generally refer simply to humans. But in no other instance does Paul parallel “flesh and blood” with “neither does corruption inherit incorruption.” So I’m not sure how helpful these other usages are when none of these parallel Paul’s usage here. It is true “flesh and blood” does not inherit the kingdom, but incorruption does. Immortality does."
"The Forum ( formerly the Town & Country Club ) is an impressive venue: a 1930's art deco cinema, converted into a 2000+ capacity concert hall, with a pretty decent sound and light system. The surrounding area of Kentish Town wasn't too pretty, so we didn't linger long outside."
"“Amorous games! Not searching for mother’s milk?” I asked. Renate went on to tell me how the cat had always played these games when her husband was watching. But Eugen had lost his patience and kicked the cat out of their bed.”"
"The \"My Cup Runneth Over Bracelet\" is stamped on a 3/4 inch round sterling silver disc and is attached to up to a 8 inch sterling silver 925 grade chain link. The bracelet also includes a pewter tea cup charm, isn't it adorable? Please leave a note at check out with your bracelet length."
"Although Munroe didn’t include ass in this survey, I’d say the same adjectives that you don’t find intensified with fucking or as shit, you also don’t find intensified with ass. A lot of the discussion on the xkcd forum focused on which adjectives could and couldn’t be intensified in these ways, but as I thought about these three obscenity-based intensifiers, it occurred to me that even one and the same adjective can’t always be intensified by all three of these intensifiers. In fact, I discovered that the rules for how to use fucking, ass, and as shit are pretty subtle."
"Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Edges should be slightly brown. Remove from sheets to cool on wire racks."
"Maybe I need a break. I would LOVE to take 2 days off--just to stay at home, in bed, curled up with some good books, and no interruptions. I would love to see a grown-up movie. I would love a Girls Night."
"Deadline: April 19, 2010"
"For He is the Truth and the Way!"
"We are going to have to change our routine this year for a couple of reasons. One, we cut down the hedge that gave us cover and two, the bigger kids are on to us. Last year, we over heard one little girl say to her younger brother, \"This is the house where the people yell really loud at you, so don't be afraid\". Games up. So we are going to put on our thinking caps and come up with something new...any ideas?"
"Given the glass walls of the pavilion, speakers at the podium were visible, at least from the back. The protest dissolved before the guest of honor spoke--he was to be introduced by Atlantic Yards architect Frank Gehry--but protesters did spot Borough President Marty Markowitz at the podium."
"3- Cruise every post from Blogs of War and subscribe to each and every one you find interesting (or don’t already follow)."
"And we will all the pleasures prove,"
"\"The story of the Boers in Chubut is a remarkable one, in terms of privation, hardship and loss,\" says Tony Leon, the former Democratic ­Alliance leader and now South African ambassador to Argentina, who, with his wife, has been living in Buenos Aires for just over a year."
"I’m sure that, wherever he is today, he’s celebrating in his own style. Because, like the song reminds us, it is “his life.”"
"so one crazy guy in florida shoots his pregnant daughter , and goes to boston to kill more people. and another crazy guy leaves boston for florida and shoots his pregnant girlfriend, or says he shot her.is this how the universe evens out criminals.they will both probably end up in jail here ,if there is enough room .if a jury decides to convict them…"
"Inbetween the lines on the tree I wrote:"
"My colours were inspired by the Icopics challenge blog and I’m very happy that I’ve managed to fit a card into their challenge! As we are moving house in two weeks, and I truly didn’t think I would be able to manage this one… happy, happy, happy!"
"I also took the Magazine class. When I first read about this class it sounded like a good way to practice my writing, and I have to say that writing is an activity that I really enjoy, so I thought this would be the perfect class for me. And it was! Furthermore, I discovered that writing in a Magazine is more than just writing. It implies research, design, team work, editorial skills and all those things are possible only if you have a great guide, and that is something that ELTC offers. I had the opportunity to work with amazing teachers. I really appreciate their help, mainly with my writings, especially the help of my teacher Fiona. I definitely learned a lot from her."
"A melody in a bottle, a sonnet without ice,"
"In fact, two were chosen."
"\"Maybe?\" Says Christine, \"But some things don't have to be explained do they?\""
"Blue Sky Rye"
"Lord, we thank you for showing us the Light, for you are the Way, the Truth and the Life. Help us to know You, to follow You, to serve You."
"It’s pretty clear that, during 2005, Newscorp CEO Rebekah Brooks’s mobile phone must’ve been the most public piece of personal technology on the planet. For as well as her conversations being bugged by the Met Police (they probably wanted to know what was on the menu for dinner that night) A N Other Newscorp title was also hacking her message-box. What a good job it is, then, that Rebekah wasn’t hacking anyone herself; otherwise her phone would’ve had a nervous breakdown at some point."
"I don’t play with bullies, or cyberbullies, but I do take appropriate actions, and those actions may soon have to reach an even higher level if I want this to stop, and I do want it to stop. If you are being cyberbullied, do not sit back in silence. Tell some. Speak out. Get help. Below are some links to organizations with information on cyberbullying."
"We came home to eat lunch and cook the family a chicken pot pie and some Oreo cream cheese cookies (YUM!)."
"2. Mix the flour, bicarbonate of soda and spices, then sift into the bowl. Lightly mix all the ingredients – when everything is evenly amalgamated stop mixing. The mixture will be fairly soft and almost runny."
"Another councillor in Tameside has apologised after she wished ‘Margaret Thatcher would go blind’."
"Unless you're publishing articles, novels, stories, books, etc. on a regular basis, then you need to start somewhere. But where to begin? Contests, my friends! I've written about the usefulness of literary contests in the past and I continue to feel that they are not only great in getting your work read by those in the industry, but they can also open doors to other writing-related things as well. Five years ago, when I started writing my first novel, I didn't have one piece of writing cred to my name. Period. Now, this is what I list in my bio:"
"“This is literally at your fingertips,” she says. “What people are talking about what people are interested in.” Catering to community interest promotes relevance in a broadcast. “The only way we can make ourselves better is if we’re open to others’ opinions,” says Watts."
"for therein lie so much love you will provide"
"ensures that I know and trust the people who are going to watch after Talula."
"The Sunday Times reported that Panday, owner of Goldcoast Trading, was awarded a contract to provide accommodation to 1 280 police officers during the 2010 World Cup."
"#2) Mind sharing what you work for?"
"1/2 cup mixture of fresh herbs, finely chopped or roughly ground (I use a blend of lavender flowers, rosemary, and sage. Pure mint is tasty too...)"
"you have the answer;"
"Why doesn't random.org let you save the image of your random generated number? Oh well, you're going to have to trust me."
"6. MxPx - Good Friends Are Hard To Find"
"Whyte then did what other journalists have done in the past: made a video showing Natalie talking about her success, which has been extraordinary, to the point where she can make a living from doing what she has done - making funny videos - since 2006. Again, Natalie plays down her success, saying that the internet is"
"Upon reaching the area, we did not straight away walked to Hadi’s grave because next to him, another young child was being laid to rest. It seemed that they had just finished the burial and the Imam was reciting prayers for the dead."
"prides itself on its ethnic and cultural diversity. That's why it"
"The Reluctant Fundamentalist ~ by Mohsin Hamid (Pakistan)"
"Our children are no longer under our roofs. We can't protect them...but we both know God is Sovereign."
"It has been awhile since I have done one of these... Here is a flier for a show that Yes Sensei's original drummer set up in his back yard. It was a lot of fun. A beautiful Long Island summer outdoors show with solid tunes. If I remember Davecat's mom fired up the barbecue too which was always stellar. Man, did Yes Sensei miss moving its practices to Dare where there was not any barbecue to be had. Davecat threw a drum stick at Paul at this show for forgetting how to play the then just new tune \"Progress is Dead\" which is one of the few times I have seen Paul genuinely pissed off."
"picnics"
"After much debating, we have decided to start at the Creation to the Greeks. We really like what the Exploring Countries and Cultures has to offer, but we've actually managed to do a lot of Geography this year with the Little Passports (and the extended studies we've added to that). We will definitely wind our way around and when we get to that point again, Goofy and Loquita will be able to join us then!"
"6 TBSP butter, divided use"
"Geez, I would totally understand if you told me straight up that I pushed the wrong buttons or I stepped on some nerves because I honestly don’t get where and in what way I have wronged you. I’m certain though that it’s unintentional and I’m totally unaware of it cos in my part, I wouldn’t consciously do anything to attack you. I’d take a bullet first before I do that. Srsly."
"This record does not contain a clear indication that the applicant departed from the general rule for the article \"a.\" Nothing in the claim language, specification, or prosecution history compels an exceptional reading of \"a\" in this case. The district court erred by misapplying the term \"said fabric roll\" later in the claim and the phrase \"in intimate contact with the fabric roll\" in the specification. Initial Order, slip op. at 8. As noted above, the use of a definite article (\"said\" or \"the\") to refer back to an initial indefinite article does not implicate, let alone mandate the singular. Because the initial indefinite article (\"a\") carries either a singular or plural meaning, any later reference to that same claim element merely reflects the same potential plurality. In grammatical terms, the instances of \"said fabric roll\" in the claim are anaphoric phrases, referring to the initial antecedent phrase. Because the initial phrase carries no definitive numerosity, the anaphoric phrases do not alter that meaning in the slightest."
"Azman Amin said that during the forums on understanding in Kelantan, which involved 18 people from 10 nations, they had also visited places of worship of different faiths."
"14Then the Levites are to say in a loud voice to all the men of Israel,"
"6. Recruit Comrades"
"The bow really makes this blouse special and is what first caught my attention. I wanted a more floppy look, so I did not interface the bias cut piece. That process has always confused me. What exactly is the point of cutting something on the bias if you intend to use interfacing?"
"Well, the new normal is WYSIWYG. Which is fine, but models are REALLY expensive!"
"The channels through which these energies flow, and the systems managing the energies, are not physical systems. They cannot be seen with our naked eye or physically located in the human body. This is the main reason why there is still much skepticism from mainstream medicine on the concept and role of subtle energy in our health and wellness — even if it has been used by ancient healing traditions long before the birth of science and Western medicine. See related article, The Role of Subtle Energy in Health and Wellness for 2012 and Beyond."
"My image is coloured with copics and a little bit of sparkle from stickles. I love this little swing into spring image and thought this card made a good Easter card."
"Hubby: Sigh……"
"I may not have kids, and may not be young enough to watch this show and enjoy it, but i do! Their songs get stuck in my head and I don’t mind at all."
"I also started my smash journal which I am creating to record our Queensland holiday photos."
"Under the ‘something for something’ mantra that the Opposition is adopting, these benefits would surely be scrapped – leaving many extremely vulnerable people with no support whatsoever. But rather than say this – which would be unthinkable – Byrne simply skipped over this rather inconvenient truth."
"Check out these segments from a recent Nightline investigation, aired April 14, including interviews with anxious NYC parents enrolling their four-year-olds in arduous test prep programs, because they believe that if they can get their kids into these programs they will be set for life, as well as an interview with Chancellor Walcott, who expresses no concern that some parents may be paying four or five thousand dollars to prep their children for the test, because he says this gives them more \"choices.\" Walcott also evinces a surprising lack of skepticism, given the extreme racial disparity in the results, that these exams test actual giftedness rather than economic and social privilege."
"I wondered that she is so adorable~~~"
"Mitten ornaments"
"Suddenly, a fist smashed through the stomach wall of my mom and I yelled \"Prepare ye selves!\" then I finished my escape by doing a flying dragon kick to smash out into the world. I was naked, but I was born with a black belt around my waist. No one knew how it got there, but it was a miracle of medicine and this event was documented, if anyone wants to confirm it. I grabbed my umbilical cord and bit it in half with my teeth. The chunk that I chewed off I spat onto the floor, and it was immediately devoured by a nearby golden retriever. As soon I was born, I uttered my first words, which were \"Where is my cake!? Incompetence!\" and the doctors begged for forgiveness, which I granted them. The birthday cake was brought into the room, and a stripper burst out of the cake and she sang \"Happy Birthday\" like Marilyn Monroe."
"Mere Descriptiveness: The PTO argued that the words SUGAR and COTTON identify the type of commodity being traded, and the wording NO. 2, NO. 11, and NO. 14 identify the contract numbers that the applicant provides for its future exchanges. Applicant pointed out that investors trade, buy, or sell contracts from each other, according to the established rules set forth by the SUGAR NO. 11, SUGAR NO. 14, and COTTON NO. 2 contract terms."
"Phew, what an ordeal."
"DARK SHADOWS – MAY 11"
"“Belly dancer!” he shouts at the top of his voice. “Belly dancer!”"
"I became addicted to ceviches in Mexico. Still remember the ceviche from Hacienda Puerta Campeche. And the snail or octopus ceviche we had at the beach in Celestun."
"Junie was an amazing character. Unfortunately, I didn't always find myself agreeing with much of what she did throughout The Opposite of Tidy. Luckily, Carrie Mac's latest gives the reader hope that Junie and the novel's secondary characters will pull through for the better in the end."
"My world is not right when I don't get a chance to watch and follow the NFL. Springs are terrible (save for the draft). Summers are pretty bad, but I usually get a chance to follow some off-season workouts so all is well (except this past summer – fucking lockout). Fall and early winter it's on. Heaven. Literally."
"First impression? Horrible."
"The Greek malakoi, literally translated, means “spineless” (some linguistics scholars translate it as “limp”, or “coward”)."
"I wont lie – that is not the most exciting image in the entire world ever but it marks a new stage in the house…new wiring that is not 60 years old !"
"Ok, there are so many things wrong with that statement. Why did I have a good day? Why was I able to do hard work for the entire length of the 8 hour shift? Because my body allowed me too, that’s why. My temple worked hard and performed amazingly. And what do I want to do? Poison it with diet coke. AS A REWARD?! What the *heck* is that about? I mean really… just, really?"
"Israel also has multiple delivery systems. It has intermediate-range ballistic missiles – ‘Jerichos’ – that are capable of reaching any target in Iran. Its fleet of F-15 long-range strike aircraft can also deliver nuclear payloads. Some analysts have suggested that it can also deliver nuclear weapons from its German-made Dolphin submarines using cruise missiles."
"As far as detailed analysis goes, everything was good. Skull was the right size, belly was the right size, heart beat was good, umbilical cord was functioning as it should, and there were no discernible fetal abnormalities. Also, the volume of my amniotic fluid was at the 50th percentile, so totally normal."
"I have several things to post about including awesome food in Sydney but instead i'm blogging about about the one thing that I kind of want to blog about."
"I’d been listening to her act for 90 minutes and even heard her name, but until she spoke directly to me (as herself and not her character) I wasn’t sure if I knew her or not."
"To this end, I did not choose the beautiful silky black and white number I was drooling over that Muslimah in Reverie recently reviewed, though I think it’s really gorgeous."
"Claude and Camille by Stephanie Cowell, the story of Claude Monet in his young struggling years which led to the birth of impressionism and his great love for his model and wife , the tragic Camille. The Boston Globe said, \"an enthralling story, beautifully told\" and Bookpage added, \"A vivid portrait of Monet's remarkable career.\" www.stephaniecowell.com"
"I am now catching my breath!"
"Yes, \"sharing\" has changed quite a bit from what it was six years ago. Somebody else might post every \"Prisoner\" soundtrack album. Over here, and not in FLAC, is the fairly obscure original \"Prisoner\" theme. A \"share\" that's more like jaywalking than attempted murder."
"The business must demonstrate that they are conserving water by keeping track of water sources and consumption. Its practices and equipment may need to be modified — or new technology installed — in order to reduce water consumption or to avoid contamination of springs and rivers on and near the property. The business should have the proper permits for water use, treat wastewater and monitoring of water quality."
"I felt the need for a slight background on the back cover and i think the metal fence wiring works really well not only as a reference point to the film but if you notice it not where its supposed to be and looks upside down- symbolizing schizophrenia and things are not always what they seem which plays an important part in the film."
"(NOTE: Though US and eventually Cuban casualty figures were later confirmed, there have never been any official and credible figures for Grenadian casualties, either military or civilian.)"
"8. Skye Boat Song 4:44"
"So, before I know it, it’s almost a month since I had my last drink. I’d like to say time has flown by, and for the most part it has. There was just one time, around Day 17 I think, when I was in real danger of falling off the wagon."
"Howdy Friends."
"* Engine Manager (Porsche)"
"The real question is what does one do with the garden tub wall? I don't even have tile like the above picture..but I think it will need something. Any thoughts? What could I do for super cheap but get super fabulous results?"
"(a) This mixes the ingredients."
"Blurb: A lively book illustrated with archival photos, Secrets of Lake Simcoe is a valuable addition to local history collections and provides a refreshing way for anyone to view what some consider to be Canada’s sixth Great Lake. At the heart of central Ontario, Lake Simcoe has played an important role in the province’s history for hundreds of years. Today a popular destination for pleasure-seekers and cottagers, it helped open up the region to explorers and fur traders, settlers and entrepreneurs. The lake has secrets aplenty and this book offers a selection of stories of dramatic episodes from the lake’s past. There are shipwrecks, stately resorts, vanished industries, forgotten forts and even murder most foul."
"With the BK CROWNTM/MC Program, Burger King Corporation invites kids to tell BURGER KING® what matters to them most. BKC has established a fund to help support the Wildlife Conservation Society, National Parks Conservation Association, DonorsChoose.org and Have It Your Way™ Foundation. By visiting BKCrown.com, kids learn how BKC’s charitable partners make a difference. Upon entering BK CROWNTM/MC Codes and clicking on their favorite cause, each kid’s vote helps BK® choose which charity to give back to."
"I messed up and now I am going to pay for it."
"“Many have left and party branches and divisions closed. The recent party elections demonstrated how in disarray the party has become."
"Morning juice was beet, celeriac root and carrot juice. Beets must have some magically fantastical properties to be in all of my juices but really it smells like my grandmothers basement. Some of the juices don't taste that bad but just having to pick up a beet makes me have a physical reaction."
"Perhaps we can either get some of our current 800 men to cross train a bit in the 400, and/or get some of our 400 meter men that are currently running in the David Rudisha range (mid 45’s) to give the event a try."
"In addition to Oyler, Steamworks staff members earning the certified beer server designation are: Aaron Albosta, Jesse Armer, Ken Baker, Mike Brace, Jen Burgstahler, Stevonna Chavez, Nicole Clark, Sean Clark, Ben Colia, Stephanie Dieter, Theo Dillingham, Cassie Farr, Lea Gibbens, Landon Griffin, Jason Haley, Joel Hayes, Brandon Herrera, Chip Hosfeld, Marc Howard, Stevi Jaworsky, Steve Kammerer, Wilson Lawrence, Josh Lengner, Ken Martin, Katie Matney, Brian McEachron, Shirley Melton, Sean Moriarty, Sena Nissen, Sabrina Olsen, Derek Raimo, Rick Rivera, Spencer Roper, Mitra Sabeti, Jorge Sanchez, Keara Sandy, Devin Schuck, Brian Skyles, Erin Skyles, Lauren Turner, Shelton Urquidez, Alice White, Dave Woodruff and JD Zent."
"I coloured the pot with antique linen and stormy sky Distress ink and edged it with tea die. I used stormy sky and the small rosebud stamp to decorate the pot. I embellished the pot with hand made flowers, die cut leaves and part of a doily. I used Quickcutz alphabet dies for the letters."
"gift package of Krylon Artist Sprays and Adhesives with an approximate"
"This snuggling and rocking is one of my favorite rituals. Early on I learned that I needed to embrace this time and not allow any thoughts other than this beautiful task to invade our sacred moments together. I used to sit with my infant and make lists about other things that needed to be done once I got the baby to sleep. It didn't take long to realize that not only did she pick up on this energy and not settle as well, but that I wasn't allowing myself to be present for one of the most precious things I did with my child. Once I let go of the task-oriented thought process, I became the one who wanted to rock longer than necessary and enjoy our quiet time for just a few more minutes. It became the time when we could cast aside our worries, or share them, and then turn them loose to the universe. It was, is, healing for us."
"With that in mind I may not be around much this week, or I might be, who knows, just giving you the heads up."
"Deputy Dan Weston is with Rachel when the bouquet arrives, and he's at her side as she deals with so many of the secrets that come to light after her husband's death. Dan has carried a torch for Rachel since puberty and he's not going to let her dead husband's vindictive girlfriends or his psychotic mother come between them now. But that means finding out who is sending snakes and poisoned posies before one kills Rachel."
"I am veeeeeery sleepy and not up to explaining cellular automata or meta-rules or the serendipitous exploration of logical spaces, or what the buttons actually do, or anything. I wrote down some words on the page that probably say some things."
"Today marks the new year. The year 2011. I can't believe how time has flown since you were born. And then again, I can't believe how much it has drug along."
"It also shows that (while not a “generational buy”) imagine what all the momentum chasers globally would do if the yen fell back (say, towards 100 to the US$?) and allowed the P/E ratios to look more attractive and earnings to actually percolate throughout the economy. Think the current US indices rally is strange? Imagine that times five…"
"I can't say I've ever been a huge fan of these sorts of drinks, and I've expressed my opinion about them in this very space before. But I do understand that people enjoy sugary alcoholic drinks, like ready-made margaritas or \"hard\" lemonade. My question is: why the energy boost? If you need a pick-me-up, drink some coffee, or better yet, take a nap. And if that's the case, should you really be consuming a lot of alcohol?"
"Over time, the pain in my heart ceased to be a daily reminder of how bad I could feel and made me a stronger person. Life is for living and I lived."
"And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord."
"A big THANK YOU to all the contributors to this week's carnival. And a big THANK YOU to you for attending. Please help promote the carnival on your own blog (you can use one of the spiffy COH images found here*), Facebook, Twitter, Google+, homeschool message boards, and your local homeschool email groups by sharing the link to the carnival!"
"[insert your blog's name] has been added to The Atheist Blogroll. You can see the Atheist Blogroll badge in my sidebar. The Atheist blogroll is a community building service provided free of charge to Atheist bloggers from around the world. If you would like to join, visit Mojoey at Deep Thoughts for more information.Your blog can contain nudity, but I draw the line at pornography. Blogs that portray pornography will be dropped. I am the sole judge when it comes to determining what is porn, although I do listen to the voice of the community. To Join:"
"After all, we could have our own reality show on the Lifetime network proving it."
"Since all writers exist in the present, all writing is unavoidably presentist. I would say that it is natural to use your current-day intellectual framework even when you write about the past. It would be dishonest not to. And it can be fun to enliven a historical text with sidelong glances at the modern. But I also believe the rules are different for fiction, nonfiction and memoir. At times I"
"Contact Person: Patrick Keeley"
"It looks to be well worth a watch (and of course useful revision for Biosphere topics in SG or Unit 2 in Int 2) and starts Sunday 6th May!"
"7. Diana Taurasi – Phoenix Mercury*"
"When you purchase an eBook reader, your first concern might be the size. Some people like them to be much smaller, about the size of a paperback book, while others prefer a larger reader which is more like a tablet. The choice is up to you, but keep in mind that you may want to travel with it or put it in your purse or backpack, so sometimes a smaller one is preferable."
"I am entering my card into these challenges as well:"
"Because let's face it. Your sister will be awake soon, and then all this meditation on the wonder of new life flies right out the window because I know we are out of goldfish crackers."
"Elsewhere, a staff member is ill and needs to be home resting, but she comes to the office anyway, not wanting to burden her co-workers with an overflow of her duties. Ironically, this person is doing her co-workers’ jobs by not letting them cover for her. When she is sick, her job changes. Her duty is not to come to the office and perform tasks, but rather to stay home and recover. Her co-workers’ jobs also change temporarily, incorporating some of her tasks into their daily routine. If this creates a burden for them, then communicating this to her or finding another way to manage the workload is also their job."
"“Oh, I can’t get anything here.”"
"But enough about interviewing other people. It’s time I interviewed YOU."
"It’s time to announce the Ballerina of the Month!!! First of all, thank you all for waiting so patiently for this. It has been a while since the post came out. Second, I’d like to say that all of the ballerina’s in this world are WONDERFUL and one really isn’t better than the other. Anyway, I’m sure you’re all dying to figure out who is this month’s winner so….."
"How can people promote these influences?"
"She can read and write, I say huffily. I do not add: Better than you."
"Now some of you may ask, what the big deal is. Simply put, it’s this: For me, Godzilla is a cherished part of my childhood memories, and a connection with my Dad, who’ll have been gone an unimaginable 30 years this February. He was the one who introduced me to Godzilla. I was always into dinosaurs and dragons, and he thought I might like Godzilla, so he let me stay up one special Saturday night, to watch MONSTER ZERO, in bed, on my little 12″ portable black & white TV. I was 9 years old, and I was immediately hooked. DESTROY ALL MONSTERS was actually the SECOND G-Film I saw. I loved how many monsters there were in it, and I never missed it when it was on. Some time in the 80s, it disappeared from the airwaves, and years later, when I watched it again, something was horribly different – the voices were all different than what I remembered. It was only due to getting G-FAN Magazine (remember that the internet was barely in its infancy in the early 90s) that I learned about the different versions -the version that I grew up with, the AIP version, as originally released in the US, and the horrible ‘international dubbing’ version – a version that Toho themselves had made, for international distribution at the film’s release. I was floored at how awful it was. I was hopeful when the VHS came out, but sadly, no audio that I’d grown up with, just the terrible one that was now making rounds on the airwaves. For many years, the only remnant I had a was a badly degraded vhs copy I got at a convention. We had no ‘official’ release of the AIP version, and we didn’t know if we ever would. So now I hope you younger fans will appreciate why us older fans would be so happy to possibly have a real release of ‘our’ DAM after so many years."
"I bet these ladies do not do polymer clay, LOL!"
"New books hit the shelves of stores and debut online every year, but finally Pamela Redmond Satran and the editors of Glamour published the perfect book designed and written by women and for women."
"It is for this reason that a lot of attention is focused right now on the prophecies foretold by the Elders of the Maya; their calendar which began in 3113BC comes full cycle on that date."
"I truly enjoyed the class, did stuff I never thought I'd ever try to do. I hope you'll check it out!"
"since i was sick over the weekend, i didn’t get out to see the watered trees and grass until saturday. everything was so lovely."
"I originally had thought to leave recruitment relatively open for about 4 weeks, but given the success we’ve had to date, I believe it would not be premature to go ahead and narrow the path to guild membership. This means we will be adopting a new recruitment policy that will effectively suspend open recruitment (i.e., stop actively advertising the guild on the server by directly contacting unguilded potential recruits, and posting guild advertisements to channels like Trade, etc.). Such promotional activities are necessary evils, but I think we have reached a threshold of activity that will allow us to suspend those activities, at least temporarily."
"Address: Praça Terreiro of Jesus, Salvador de Bahia"
"Oooohh, now it makes sense. Her children are so embarrassed that they want to flee to another country. Well, can't blame them there."
"-Kalihi’s Balasi wins a majority decision (57-57, 58-57, 59-56) in an entertaining fight with both fighters trading power punches. Crowd came alive in the final round as the two traded power shots to end. Balasi had a little more energy in the final seconds of the fight. First professional loss for Kona’s Penovaroff."
"Also at the factory store, they are now offering a pair of seersucker shorts...Yes, please!"
"All systems are go."
"Why? Why prematurity happens, why this happened to us, to my new friends at the NICU, to anyone is a question that I still don't understand and struggle with on tough days. Until now, I haven't shared Andrew's birth story on the blog. In honor of the 1400 babies a day born prematurely, I will tell it now."
"Whisk in the honey, eggs and orange zest."
"1/2 C. canola oil"
"I am 25 years old and have only recently started becoming interested in the world of fashion. Growing up as a tomboy, I just threw on whatever I could run around in and play comfortably. I grew up playing outside in creeks and trees, not exactly the best place for a dress and high heels. From there I went on to become a dancer; again I dressed for comfort, not style. What was easiest to move in? While in high school it was easiest to throw on sweat pants and a hoodie when waking up at 6 o’clock every morning. I didn’t want to brush my hair, much less put together a great coordinating outfit. Now I am in college and still find it easiest to just throw on a pair of sweat pants but I am trying to change that attitude. I am realizing how great fashion is, how you can express yourself based on what you’re wearing and how changing your accessories can make you stand out from the crowd. But I still have a ways to go. My closet is still more hoodies and t-shirts than Chanel and Versace. But let’s see if I can change that. Let’s see how far I can go. I have an idea for how I want to be perceived in the fashion world but have yet to actually be able to pull it off. But like I said earlier, I am trying."
"S: i would send it for like the lego man. he puts it in his cash."
"Oh it’s that time of year again, when the smell of burning rubber and burning oil waft gently towards one’s nose..and the gentle sounds of Boogety Boogety Boogety fill one’s ears…yes indeed, it’s racing time again!!!"
"Melissa of Iamnotshe has passed on YET ANOTHER AWARD! I feel very lucky that Melissa likes me! If we met in the playground I would run up to her and ask to be her friend!"
"The engineer had 0.375 calibre Manlicher rifle. He also gave Shankar a rifle. Two of them slowly came out of the tent. They saw the hole. But where is the lion? Shankar pointed towards the hole: It was over there sahib, see that hole there?"
"Barbara Baird is Associate Professor and head of women’s studies at Flinders University in South Australia. She has researched the history and contemporary cultural politics of abortion, and changing discourses of sexuality in Australia."
"90% of the media who blasted Irvin’s ‘baggage’ don’t know him on a personal level and are way too quick to jump conclusions on his wrongdoings."
"In the coming days, we’ll deliver more previews of 2011-12 Past & Present Basketball, including an advance look at some of the set’s short-printed base-card variations."
"Sometimes, there's a wave of laughter and smoke and sausages if there's a summertime barbeque happening. Othertimes, you can walk through the wafting aroma of someone's winter dinner, emanating from a warm house."
"of a dream."
"Batahola Norte"
"There are said to be 108 energy lines, or nadis, converging to form the heart chakra. Marma points are like Chakras, or intersection of energy, with fewer converging energy lines. On Sri Yantra, the Marmas have 54 intersecting energy lines where three lines intersect. Each has feminine, or shakti, and masculine, or shiva, qualities. 54 X 2 = 108. Therefore there are 108 points that define the human body and the Sri Yantra or the Yantra of Creation. The same rule is observed in the Sanskrit language, with its 54 letters, both representing the two genders and they are also called Shiva and Shakti respectively; again, 54 X 2= 108."
"xxxx"
"This comet is a bit of an interesting one. Its closest approach to the Sun was over a month ago, at a distance a good 20% greater than the Earth-Sun distance, but the geometry works out so that its closest approach to Earth was just four days ago at a distance just 40% of the Earth-Sun distance. (No worries, though, this is not even close to hitting us.)"
"422300 Apparel, piece goods, & notions"
"See you gets to dress people up in silly hats and have fun with Barry and Barry in Barry."
"~John Keats"
"But I'm thinking back on the conversations I've been part of since coming here. With the scared expat arrivees, who worry how to find a way through this. With some upstanding Kenyan friends, who are clear they won't be paying a bribe, no matter what the consequences. And I remember the safety advice tendered by the experienced police officer when I was a freshfaced student twenty years ago."
"The plan was to paint a canvas each as a birthday presant to"
"Everything else is still in the works. The brewery is in it's infancy. I have the domain, and most of the logo. The website still needs work, but I have a plan. I'm working on raising the capital to get it going. That street looks good. I'll know more in the coming months. So stay tuned for that."
"\"Good. I have enough.\""
"Okay. I have to fess up. I've never been good at menu-planning. As a free spirit, I find it constricting. It's true. I mean what if I just don't want the chicken burritos today? I don't want to have to eat the chicken burritos. I refuse. I refuse. I refuse."
"All of the Design Team member's have some amazing creations."
"Specifically, under 35 U.S.C. § 363, the international filing date of a PCT application is also the U.S. filing date for the corresponding national stage application. 35 U.S.C. § 363 (1984); see also Manual of Patent Examining Procedure (MPEP) § 1893.03(b) (8th Ed. including May 2004 revisions) (\"It should be borne in mind that the filing date of the international application is also the filing date for the national stage application.\"). Thus, the ’595 patent’s U.S. filing date is November 26, 1993, the filing date of the PCT application. Because the ’094 patent is entitled to priority back to the ’595 patent’s U.S. filing date, the ’094 patent’s priority date under 35 U.S.C. § 120 as well as its term calculation date under 35 U.S.C. § 154(a)(2) is at least November 26, 1993. In other words, the ’094 patent, which specifically references the ’595 patent and thus satisfies the requirements of 35 U.S.C. § 120 and 37 C.F.R. § 1.78(a), is entitled to effectively the same date as the original PCT"
"Do you remember this? I designed it for a custom order for a new Easter baby and the lady that it was made for was so delighted with it that I decided to knit up a few for my new Etsy shop. I still have another one in stock in Newborn size, so pop over to my shop here if you want to have a look. I also have a couple of cardigans in my Spring Basket design......"
"Holes in memories of the homes from which they had run."
"I went yesterday for a yoga class which was really just an old lady stretching class in the dark. We did more deep breathing than stretching. Today I went to try out the weights and treadmill."
"How many times have you read or heard someone say: If you believe – You will receive?"
"Hi Folks! We are happy to announce that Prickley Pear is releasing a new set of clear stamps coordinated with new or already existing dies – everything to get the most out of your stash! A release party will be held May 11-13 with blog hops and a give away!"
"I thought this bunny was too cute! I have cut the base out of a light blue and then cut the body pieces out of white, the eyes and mouth and nose line out of black and his nose out of pink. I then cut the egg decorations out of a darker royal blue. Once I had him put together, I chalked him a little with a light blue chalk on the edges and a little pink on his cheeks. Depending on the size you wanted to cut, you might have some pretty small pieces. If they are too small, just skip trying to get those glued down. The file is about 3 1/2\" W x 4\" H."
"Looking forward to hearing your suggestions:)"
"However, Messers Mutkin and Shevchenko are being more than a little misleading. If they care to look West and to the EU, a large number of EU nations have national identity card schemes. In fact there are only a few that do not, my home nation of the UK being one."
"Cheers."
"door to the squat"
"Now a real conservative sees things differently. A real conservative takes a few moment to even realize they’re looking at a picture that is out of the social norm of heterosexuality…no a real conservative sees Obama getting all touchy feely with the Communist dictators and goes ballistic in the fraction of a second before they realize the photo is doctored. To hell with the genders, a real conservative is pissed about this man once again getting too close to our enemies (and after his long standing habit of groveling before any other head of state it almost seems plausible that first moment you see it)…so which did you first see?"
"But anyway... check out the link above for a few laughs from a great writer."
"I do know, however, that this is a potentially great match for the sport – the pairing of one of the best doping minds the sport has seen with those entities entrusted with catching the very individuals that Conte once assisted! And just as I raised the question of sincerity with Conte, I have to do the same with the agencies whose job it is to bring down the cheaters, because I would think that whether you like Conte or not, obtaining his knowledge on doping would be a tremendous coup."
"The point one should really make about Bloomberg’s dim-witted observation is that it is based on roughly the same amount of evidence as that supporting the existence of the Loch Ness Monster, minus only the grainy photographs. Neither QE nor Zirp have made the slightest difference to the US or UK economy, because that was never the idea in the first place. (Bernanke himself is still trying to persuade observers to forget his paper of 1988, in which he rejected QE as unproven and ineffective)."
"First of all, this may have been the best episode of The Office ever!"
"Starring John Cusack back when he had a sense of humor, Better Off Dead is a haven for great quotes, most famously the line, \"I want my two dollars!\" from the paperboy who hounds Lane Meyer throughout the film for past due payment. Other Better Off Dead in this blog can be found HERE, and a website with .wav files of the quotes from this film can be found HERE. Your super sentimental trivia for the day: this was the first movie that Marci and I saw together, even before we were \"officially\" dating. Awwww."
"“Writing a book is a demanding and emotional experience but save some vitality and creativity for the next big exciting step - getting it published.”"
"whipped cream"
"Anyone can enter and the deadline for entries is Sunday 10 June 2012."
"Until recently I thought this was called \"Tommy in seven Minutes,\" but I guess the real name is \"D.U.M.B. rock Vol. 5,\" Live and learn I guess."
"But when it comes down to it, they can fly and I only wish I could. Those are Pelicans in the photo, but it's probably time that I dust off and crack open my aging copy of Jonathan Livingston Seagull."
"6. Priorities"
"3. Put the Oreo crumbs, melted butter, and salt in another small bowl and stir with a fork just until crumbs are moistened. Press the crumbs evenly over the bottom and up the sides of the spring form pan (they should go up about 2 inches on the sides). Freeze the crust for 10 minutes."
"Helping students create positive digital footprints"
"You still love playing with your red bucket of blocks, but prefer it to be empty at all times. If Daddy or I put anything in your bucket you immediately tip it over. You love anything that plays music and you are obsessed with buttons, zippers, velcro, and snaps. You especially love Daddy's belts."
"Well, no rain as they had forecast, instead, we’re getting snow. It isn’t sticking on the ground of course, but when I woke up, it looked as if I were looking into a snow globe when I looked out the window. It will be a winter parka with the camera tucked safely inside kind of day today."
"To my undying blind"
"A glimpse of Sime Darby’s cost overruns in its energy and utilities division:"
"Crews are working this week to jack up the farmhouse, raise it from its foundation and roll it to its new location."
"Special thanks to my travel-mate for her patience throughout the trip. My thanks to our coach driver, the attentive tour-manager and the knowledgeable tour-guides. I was grateful that our tour group had generally enjoyed good weather and great hospitality throughout our stay in Italy."
"RSVP: ademelle"
"ring out the bells again"
"She was hoping that the couple would understand that something was amiss and call the police. However instead, Abri got out of the car and walked to the nearby hut of a Malawian priest, only named as Ernest."
"-I watched Martha Marcy Mae Marlene and became obsessed with Elizabeth Olsen and her haircut, so I copied her and chopped off all my hair, having a lot of fun with my new 'do."
"HB 2094 has gone to bill heaven. We made it much further this year in our attempt to allow you to visit Texas craft breweries and leave with samples of our brews. We had strong support from the public, the press, our largest distributor and many legislators including Jessica Farrar who sponsored the bill. Unfortunately all of that and logic were not enough to overcome the opposition of one distributor group. But we plan on trying again next session. The trend is positive. And many thanks to you for writing your state elected officials. You showed the legislature that people care about this issue."
"Smart, Safe and Happy training everyone!"
"– Open eyes"
"Ver 1. And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him.2. And, behold, there was a certain man before him which had the dropsy.3. And Jesus answering spoke to the Lawyers and Pharisees, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day?4. And they held their peace. And he took him, and healed him, and let him go;5. And answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?6. And they could not answer him again to these things."
"I have decided that another way to kick start my career, in addition to applying for jobs and taking civil service exams - by the way, I scored only 80 or so on the state test. What was wrong with me? I know that I got that \"1/8 = 0.125\" question right. And the cat/veterinarian one."
"On the corner of Rue du Mirail and Rue Saint-François, a stone’s throw from the busy thoroughfare that is Cours Victor Hugo, sits one of the city’s most curious buildings: Hôtel Saint-François*."
"I am traveling to a special wedding next week...celebrating the union of two people...my sister is getting hitched. In joining her, I am joining lots of family I have never met. I will be a part of her big day, which means so much."
"A literary dinner party? Well!"
"Taste – 3/5"
"When approached, Wang said she missed her two daughters, aged 10 and four, very much."
"6. People are individuals. Understand them first as individuals, second as members of a culture."
"When I am teaching, I often experience the same phenomenon. I deliver my lines, answer questions, provide feedback, encourage nervous students... juggling so many functions makes the state of Zentangle elusive at times."
"By default, the slider must be changed manually by the visitor by clicking the “dots” over the right top section of the slider. In theory, this is preferred in order to meet some government laws for accessible websites where nothing should move, jump, shake, rattle, or roll without the action being initiated by the user. Regardless of the access laws, most people want the slider to advance automatically."
"S: Lyrics are the hardest part. I decided not have them in the liner notes because I think it demystifies the songs. I want what I’m saying to be open to interpretation."
"Total Size: 244mb"
"Rewind to July 2009 when things were starting to cave-in on us. The pinch initially began in January 2009. So, by July the shock and awe on my naive arse was really overwhelming!"
"\"Not if he's wearing his muskrat armor,\" I added."
"They dance, oh, they danced till they bled… There were green"
"Omer Arbel - Difficult question that I usually leave critics to answer. There are certain objectives and obsessions that I can track through our work, but as with anything, an insider's view can only be that - an insider's view... with its \"built in\" biases and blind spots. I think our work is Romantic - I mean this not in the contemporary sense of the word - but rather in the 18th century sense of the word, stemming from Romanticism. We believe in the enigmatic emotional potential of objects and spaces... and we aim to focus and amplify this potential in our work."
"Mother's time at rehab is dwindling and we hope that she will be returning to her assisted living residence, but we are not sure at the moment."
"Mix cream cheese and SPLENDA® Granulated Sweetener together until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl, and mixing well after each addition. Add sour cream and extracts; mix well. Pour over prepared crust."
"1/2 cup cold water"
"2.) Wait until the curds have cooled a bit to dump them into the cheesecloth in the colander."
"That's all for now.........If any of you have any tips or advice for me for quit day please let me know!"
"Podcasts will be released all along the way of its creation to keep you inform of where we went filming and who is joining the project."
"After talking with me, the doctor told me I’d have to attend an over-night sleep study."
".....lately I have really been thinking about buying locally grown food and how beneficial this is.....it is grown by people in our community....it is in season....good for us all. Then my brain switched to shopping local small businesses....again, good for our community. We have so many great locally owned shops....and not until I was an actual business owner did I truly appreciate how important this is.....to the owner and the feel of the community. I, personally could not live in a place where all there was for shopping was big box stores....don't get me wrong...I love Target and Costco as much as everyone else...but I LOVE locally owned boutiques and couldn't imagine a place without them."
"You bitch about America at the protests, where our police handle you with kid gloves. You pose like little anarchist douchebags in your Guy Fawkes masks (my GOD! These people are ignorant of history!) throw bricks at the cops and destroy other people’s property, and then scream and cry about your civil rights being violated, all while demanding to be more like other countries that would just machinegun you in the streets and be done with it."
"Marcy over at Ben and Me has started a new bloggy link up. This is something that I can do because I can plan for and know what is coming rather than having to wait for a topic."
"He did not say this on his own, but since he was high priest for that year, he prophesied that Jesus was going to die for the nation, and not only for the nation, but also to gather into one the dispersed children of God. So from that day on they planned to kill him. (John 11:49-53)"
"Confidentially Yours directed by Francois Truffaut"
"UK"
"March 24 Shank Hall, Milwaukee WI"
"Where:Virgil's Cafe"
"Roughly two seconds later, Kunalan Subramaniam stole the ball from a shocked Carl Jenkinson, dribbled playfully around the superstar and shot nonchalantly, while blindfolded, into the visitors’ net."
"Mound fruit mixture in piecrust. Top with second crust, trimming so that top crust hangs 1/2 inch beyond rim. Tuck edge of top crust under and crimp."
"But the Little Fir Tree was broken-hearted,"
"Upon the astrologist’s arrival, the King of Prussia told him to sit down and listen. He had had a strange dream, and wanted to know its meaning."
"“Poor boy. I know. But where can we take him?”"
"An update on 16 Handles storefront sign:"
"Basking in the milk of your flesh, like a hungry babe to its mother"
"Given this clear teaching in the Book of Mormon, it is no surprise that blacks were denied the priesthood. I grew up being taught that the more white a person is, the more valiant they were in the pre-existence. I literally thought that, since I was born white and into a Mormon home, that I was one of the very elite."
"They've gone to seed."
"Draupadi’s Desendents was funded by PSBT and directed by Oindrilla Hazra. It was an attempt to cover all aspects of bride trafficking. It is first film where we can find such ethnic-track of bride buying and trafficking. It also covered Honor based crimes. The Haryana police are using this documentary as IEC material in police training and police gender sensitization workshops."
"…that’s it?"
"“Sure.” Reggie nodded, pulling out his wallet that was in his back pocket. “Here’s the credit card the master gave me for supplies. You can use that.”"
"Check out the book of Lamentations in the Old Testament. The whole book is a lament over the destruction of the city of Jerusalem, which the Babylonians took around 587 B.C. Lamentations was written at a time when it seemed the world was falling apart and for those in and around Jerusalem it literally was."
"This card is more of a Congratulations card as you can see! I thought it was perfect for someone who has just received a promotion or is going off to the big city - something like that!"
"You want a great marketing strategy? Create an incredible customer experience and you’ll have the greatest contributor to new and recurring business you could have. Think about it. Most business owners and managers think of marketing and promoting their business in the context of spending money on advertising. While certainly advertising and other forms of marketing your business are key, creating a superior customer experience is the first worthy marketing investment you can make."
"later, they primarily used acoustic instruments and placed"
"Rolled Spelt"
"Starting in the late 1600s & throughout the 1700s significant numbers of the poorer proto Afrikaans speaking members of the Cape began to trek out of the Western Cape & inland becoming pastoralists in an attempt at escaping the autocratic rule of the VOC & to find better grazing land. The term Trekboer was used to describe these nomadic frontier folk as they were essentially migrating or trekking farmers who began occupying the northern & eastern Cape frontiers & were already quite distinct from the urbane inhabitants of the Western Cape who were often referred to as the Cape Dutch. Over time the term Trekboer was shortened to Boer to describe the frontier folk who were markedly independence oriented & would later have their first freedom struggle against the Dutch power in 1795."
"For all the right reasons"
"The setting of the books is as dramatic as its characters. And with the exemption of the narrator, every character is highly emotional, leaving little space for etiquette. Love and vengeance are the only motivators, and there is no time left for anything else. This book is part of the Romanticist movement, a group of authors, musicians, writers and philosophers that rebelled against all the sense and logic of the Enlightenment and set man (and woman) and their emotions front and center, casting aside science and knowledge."
"When we were looking around for somewhere to move into for the summer we commented on the amount of open space around the apartment and mentioned that it would be good for Ady to have somewhere to run around. The landlord was right there and he quickly told us that she shouldn't be allowed to run around unsupervised. His tone wasn't suggesting that we wouldn't watch her, or that she would cause problems so I looked at him somewhat curiously. He then went on to inform us that wolves and bears in the area make it unsafe for children to just play outside unsupervised. We left the appointment and were discussing how odd a comment that was, and were sure that we'd never heard that line before when looking at an apartment. Kasey of course was worrying and asking me how many bears are in the area, do we need to worry much, do you think we'll ever see one, how many people get attacked each year... I immediately began to inform her that bear sightings are rare, and we'll probably never see a bear or wolf, and the guy was a little off his rocker. Just as I got done saying this I had to slam on my brakes as a bear came out of the woods in front of us and crossed the highway. Two days later I had to slow down for a wolf. I guess in Northern Minnesota you keep an eye on your kids when they are outdoors, and one eye on the woods."
"A burrito bowl without cheese (add extra guacamole instead as a healthier fat option) is a good choice. Look for healthful options that are popping up on menus nationwide. They include things like chili-lime salmon burritos with a whole wheat tortilla, blackened/grilled mahi burritos wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla and Health Mex bowls without rice (get cabbage instead; if you get a burrito with rice, unwrap it and don’t eat the tortilla but eat the rice). Corn tortillas are better than flour tortillas, and guacamole is a better choice than cheese. If you have a taste for Tex-Mex, fajitas are always a healthy option – choose salmon or chicken, load up on the veggies and a side salad and eat only one of the flour tortillas. A side of black beans is a better carbohydrate choice that will keep you full for hours."
"But it is too simplistic to claim that government support is the only reason China has had some B2B success. The strength of the country’s scientific and technical talent is growing, and local companies increasingly bring real capabilities to the table. What’s more, a number of government-supported innovation efforts have not been successful. Some notable examples include attempts to develop an indigenous 3G telecommunications protocol called TDS-CDMA and to replace the global Wi-Fi standard with a China-only Internet security protocol, WAPI."
"As I once told Maria, one of the Sweeties over on the Sugar Bowl, everything comes to those who wait."
"I knew I had ballooned way beyond any weight I had ever been. By now I had stopped weighing myself for years...the truth would have been too much to bear, besides I was really trying to lose and couldn't imagine that I wasn't losing and it had to be impossible that I was still gaining."
"the next day was a beautiful rainy day in california."
"Pours a clear, yet robust Blood Orange color with a champagne like head that dissipates quickly to sturdy ring. The nose is complex - sour, dry cherry, tart, dusty with hints of wood, florals and some pale malt. The taste is all about cherry, but not overwhelmingly so. It starts out with tart cherry and light oak. Slightly sweet grain notes come next and transition into a finish full of florals and tannins."
"And everyone must breathe,"
"Now that I have got you mentally trawling your own relations for genius and money (best of luck), I can share with you the discovery of a young, beautiful and talented film-maker emerging from the Hat's genealogical debris. She produces opinionated rule-breaking film, often music based, stuffed with the fresh take of youth and it was while watching one of these the other day, I was reminded of the huge influence of original moving images backed with powerful music and their ability to stimulate, sharpen and often change our view."
"Your sleep schedule is an important aspect of healthy sleep. Going to bed each night at similar times helps the body to establish a pattern and subconsciously know when to wind down each day. It won’t hurt you to stay up late for a night or two, but continually staying up for hours or even all night can reverse your schedule and confuse your body."
"Some people are lucky to have a pigmented skin and don't tan or burn as quickly as those with a pale skin---but they do burn."
"Supposedly back in \"ye olde days\", those who worked with animals on farms were also encouraged by country doctors to do a regular de-worming regimen (and of course, I can't find the links where I first read this). There are plenty of herbal parasite cleanse methods available to humans over-the-counter. It's been three years of owning animals, so I'm thinking it wouldn't hurt if I were to do one as well. And thankfully, I don't need to worry about throwing out my own eggs."
"At Hamlin House, Colonel Yates hears the howl of a dog, just like the one the night of his and Sir James's visit to the Balfour crypt. Looking out the window, he sees a car approaching. It must be Scotland Yard, he tells Sir James, and not a minute too soon."
"We couldn't agree more."
"So I decided to share my interpretation instead for this week’s photo challenge albeit the fact that I live in the tropics."
"I immediately knew \"DD\" would fall in Love with this little guy the minute I saw it on Dandelion's website! Its so cute with its soft colors and silky soft fabric! The pictures really don't do it justice and its the same for all their products. When I received him in the mail and opened the package, I was pleasantly surprised how nice he was! I could instantly tell from the moment I saw it and picked it up, that it was made of high quality materials, which isn't always expected with products that are made from Organic and natural materials for some reason. But honestly, I was shocked how well made this Toy was! And not to mention how Incredibly soft, silky and luxurious it felt. The Giraffe is so cute and has a nice silky \"sheen\" to its body."
"The last time I popped in with a playroom update, I shared that I decided to update the color. Again. And part of the reason was to get rid of the too blue feeling and another reason because of a little project I had up our sleeves. So the color went from Behr's Prelude to Behr's Reflecting Pool:"
"Let us take a moment to describe what Human Resources Management really is."
"Our hotel was conveniently located right near the I-10 Freeway, allowing us to easily address prominent items on our itinerary that were in Orange County: specific landmarks in our home town of Buena Park and neighboring towns of Fullerton and La Mirada."
"The ability to intentionally modify a deadly virus, to make it more contagious within and between human populations, suggests that we may be entering an entirely new phase in human bio-warfare. Nature's editorial staff debated the issue prior to the decision to go ahead with the publication of the risky research."
"Yesterday we had the day off from school …YAAAAAA! It was Labor Day here and therefore a free day to do no labor, which I didn’t. The other special thing about yesterday is that is was SUNNY! Yes, the sun actually came out and stayed out for many consecutive hours. I was pleased to have the opportunity to dry out, warm up, feel the sun on my neck."
"We did the papers on Thursday and let them dry overnight. On Friday, i modeled how to cut different papers into shapes to create a collage picture like Carle does. Most students were quite successful with this, and they were very interested in becoming \"real\" illustrators."
"Accessory617 (sold out) (click for pic). Haha, I couldn't resits buying two of these. I knew that one day, I'll force a friend to wear one."
"God, please help me"
"Students working from Bowling Green include Anna Anderson of Shelbyville; Brianne Kelley of Perry Township, Ohio; Anna Williams of Davenport, Iowa; Stacie Hewitt of Mt. Juliet, Tenn.; Jacob Kasinger of Owensboro; and Ben Severance of Wilmot Flat, N.H."
"The claim is firmly grounded upon two significant archaeological findings during excavation at Governor’s House in 1906 and at the ongoing archaeological dig at Gor Khatri, Dr. Ehsan said during his recent lecture at Wali Khan University."
"First, thanks to all of you who read my blog! While it's the least-trafficked of my three blogs, it is my most personal, despite the lack of posts."
"Surly Brewing Company Darkness"
"8:21 I’m not sure how she’s keeping it together with what she’s saying about Ted. Maria’s not."
"President Aquino and Korean host and model Grace Lee were among the high-profile couples who watched the concert of Brazilian jazz legend Sergio Mendes at the Smart-Araneta Coliseum in Cubao, Quezon City Tuesday night."
"over the last few decades suggests we may soon see an ice-free Arctic summer. But then, as I have linked many times before, the US Navy has long known this and is making major plans. So are the Russians. Maybe THAT will get through to your crazy uncle."
"\"Do you need a glass of water or some toilet paper?\""
"The Rangers are 11-2, have a 4.5 game lead in the division and the best record in baseball. Where have we seen this story before? Texas might be even better than the last two seasons. That’s terrifying."
"\" There is. Can we please proceed with the check out?\" I inquired while holding a fistful of twenties."
"I can’t really think of anything that could be improved. In fact I think it is so perfect that I chose to go to school on world book day as Silas. I have already recommended it to my friends."
"The metaphorical interpretation is an interesting approach to the problem of Ephesians 5. I am not sure that I could hold an audience long enough to explain such a position with those who expect a quick, two-punch sound bite or proof text. Nevertheless, the interpretation is a useful reminder that texts should not always be taken at face value or as prescriptive when they are just as likely meant to function as literary or as descriptive."
"* university lectures are subject to copyright protection even though they are not explicitly listed in the definition of \"literary work\" in the Israeli Copyright Law."
"The life of young British boy and his band called The Beatles left an indelible mark on the times and is told in Fab: An Intimate Life of Paul McCartney by Howard Sounes ($29.95, Da Capo Press). Born in 1942 while England was in the midst of war, few would have predicted McCartney would become one of the most successful songwriters, starting a musical revolution with fellow band members. There have been few written accounts detailing his life after The Beatles. This is an exhaustive biography that will more than satisfy any one of his fans. Jazz aficionados will enjoy Thelonious Monk: The Life and Times of an American Original ($18.00, Free Press, softcover) by Robin D.G. Kelley. Monk broke the rules of musical composition along the way to creating a body of work and a sound that was distinctively his own. As a composer, his songs, “Round Midnight”, “Straight, No Choice”, and “Ruby, My Dear”, are now standards whenever musicians get together to jam or play in jazz clubs. He was a bit of a mystery in life, but his goatee, dark glasses, and beret became the icon for hipster cool. The author has performed a great service to his devotees and a new generation discovering him. The jazz legend lives in this thoroughly researched presentation of a unique life."
"If all the year were playing holidays,"
"So, while I have been sitting here crying and stressing out, Mr. LIW has been putting a major chain on the broken door. Our plan is to replace the door this weekend."
"Though I’ve given away a lot of the book, there really is more to it and Olson does a good job of guiding the reader on the path to success. Though it doesn’t seem to be in wide release most places (I had to inter library loan my copy) I highly recommend getting your hands on a copy and reading it."
"Peace Covenant:"
"Republicans have now pulled within 44-42 on the generic Congressional ballot, a six point improvement from a 46-38 gap a month ago. A key reason for the tightening is that Republican voters are more unified, saying they plan to vote for their party by an 86-7 margin compared to Democrats who are only committed to theirs by an 81-10 spread. Independents narrowly favor the Democrats 35-33, a reduction in their lead from 37-30 a month ago."
"Something must be done."
"No song I could sing"
"On a more serious note, I did find, for me, that minimalism could slip over into Giving Up and Not Making an Effort - for example, I won't wear my watch as I have the time on my mobile phone; I won't wear jewellery as what does it do? I won't put together a different outfit I'll just keep on wearing the same jeans. I think to embrace the ascetic side of minimalism you need to be a very buoyant, committed person. Ultimately I like my inner landscape to have a scattering of fripperies and frivolities, they keep me happy and prevent me howling with existential angst in the middle of the supermarket (or at least snatching scones from the nearest old age pensioner in the overcrowded bread aisle); I guess I am deeply superficial."
"At that time the world oil price was US$125 a barrel and it continued to rise to hover at US$140 a barrel at one time but has been on a downward trend since early this month."
"“The medical examiner opined that the cause of death was blunt force trauma to the head and that she was alive during the beating."
"I get the basic structure that we’ve all been taught:"
"When Nate is kidnapped and taken prisoner by the Sea Goddess, only Bertie can free him. She and her fairy sidekicks embark on a journey aboard the Thèâtre’s caravan, using Bertie’s word magic to guide them. Along the way, they collect a sneak-thief, who has in his possession something most valuable, and meet The Mysterious Stranger, Bertie’s father—and the creator of the scrimshaw medallion. Bertie’s dreams are haunted by Nate, whose love for Bertie is keeping him alive, but in the daytime, it’s Ariel who is tantalizingly close, and the one she is falling for. Who does Bertie love the most? And will her magic be powerful enough to save her once she enters the Sea Goddess’s lair?"
"Then, Hoffa stated that the Tea Party is in his union’s sights:"
"I have written to the address (to whom it may concern) asking if they know of any family members of the original family at that address in relation to my mother... I am waiting for a reply."
"Salt and ground black pepper on both sides of the chicken parts."
"Is your husband working overtime or looking for a job?"
"Remember how I set out to shop smarter this year and with a budget in mind? Ya, so far the plan isn't working. Time to set boundaries. Publicly. Now I'll be held accountable. Here's what I have in mind:"
"CAMPOS W, JALALUDIN BB. Predictors of influenza vaccination amongst Australian nurses. Aust J Adv Nurs 2002-2003; 20: 19-21."
"When they speak, God is speaking."
"This was not just because of the unconvincing nature of his story that al-Baghdadi had attacked him, which turned out to be a pack of lies, but also because of Dizaei’s appalling record of dishonesty, corruption and abuse of office."
"As we turned away from the window, gathered our belongings and walked to the lobby, I thought about my buddy Al's Respect the Truck/Dummy Passing method. I told him that this tactic will not please the drivers of the cars lined up and waiting in the left lane. He was not concerned."
"Beat together brown butter and sugars with an electric mixer until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. At low speed, mix in flour mixture until just incorporated."
"Even the holocaust comes out of their so called holy books as it’s written that 6 million Jews must die in persecution/holocaust, so it can and will never be more or less then 6 000 000 …"
"Due to the nature of how iOS push notifications are invoked by Sparrow Push, your iPhone’s battery life shouldn’t be affected more than it would be when running the stock Mail app with push turned on."
"Breathe."
"gave her boyfriend a hell of a fright."
"or the splendid growing of an ash-tree"
"If you want a clinic on how not to write or perform a horror comedy, you can watch this. If you want to hear one legendary funnyman, one hardworking producer, and this squirrely nut trying to crack each other up to compensate for the lack of laughs, this one is right up your alley. There is a retroactive poignance to this track since neither me nor HOSTEL producer Scott Spiegel were aware that Fred Travalena was valiantly fighting cancer when he sat down with us, and would ultimately lose that fight a few months later; he coulda fooled us, as he was fast with the quips and honest with his assessments on the state of comedy. It's essentially the career retrospective interview that would not have happened were it not for a movie that Fred probably would have been happy to forget, so something good came out of it all."
"You can use these questions as conversation starters at mealtimes, while completing daily activities together, or at a family gathering. Work up to the deeper questions like “How would you like to be remembered?” and follow up with related questions to keep the conversation going. If your family member with dementia gets confused, frustrated or upset by your questions, change the subject. You can always rephrase the question and try asking it again at another time."
"Charlie attends the meeting because she wants a voucher to buy new balls for the playground. Joan’s meeting however, turns out to not be a good idea so Charlie offers some words of advice and Joan takes it surprisingly well. Charlie says that she shouldn’t be so stiff and she needs to be more friendly towards the families. Joan decides to set up a website so she can answer more questions in timely manner."
"We are hoping to tear down the wall between the kitchen and the playroom next summer but we'll see if I can bear to tear down the cloffice and the now fun and functional playroom. Our goals for this makeover are to get rid of the carpeting and replace it with flooring that dog pee doesn't ruin, organize the games and toys so that the kids can find them and might actually want to play with them, make it kid friendly, bright and fun all while not spending a lot of cash. I think we did a decent job in accomplishing our goals. We used black and white alternating peel and stick tiles because they were cheap, fairly easy to install, if the dog pees on it we can always peel it up and replace it and it was a fun pattern for the playroom. Two years ago we paid $1200 for carpeting in the playroom and the hallway. For the tile we spent $135 for the playroom and the hallway."
"Is it wrong to argue about religion? We have heard it said, “There are two things you don’t discuss; religion and politics.” I ask, “Why not?” Well, for one thing, it could very easily get you into trouble. It did for those people Saul of Tarsus sought to punish."
"Pendragon: Go keep an eye on the new employee. You know the one."
"\"And now, it's time!\""
"Other - box was painted green to match the dp, flowers are from pretty petals and where inked with antique linen, ribbon, lace from Kaiser, large wood beads for feet (which where painted white with watered down acrylic paint), Stampin up antique brads, and finally the clock face - I could not find one that I both liked and that was the right size, so this one is computer generated, printed onto acetate and layered in front of the image."
"Mix all the ingredients except the olive oil which you will add slowly slowly in the end. Put in the fridge for at least 1 hour. Prepare the salad and pour 3 to 4 tbsp from the dressing on top."
"Tracy Wolff is creative in the sense she does not out right tell you what is wrong with Rhiannon but lets it slowly unfold. This story is really about a woman’s emotional battle to let a man back into her life after three years of not being intimate with a man because of her rape."
"And so it went for the rest of the night. Mike berated Siri with juvenile and inappropriate questions, and I giggled until the wee hours of the morning."
"Happy Sunday Stampers!"
"Awww thanks! You're right, you can only vote once. Thank you to everyone who voted for me. I've slipped from the running in the Mommy Blogger category though. :( I've gotten like 200 or so votes. If the rest of you 8000 or so daily readers want to vote, it's not too late. They're announcing the winners on Oct. 16th. The links for the Blogger's Choice Award categories for which I've been nominated are to the right there --->"
"Another alas."
"COOK on LOW 4 to 6 hours or until liquid is absorbed. Sprinkle with remaining cheeses; let stand, covered, 10 min. or until melted."
"Even with the regular croissants, I couldn't pass up the chocolate croissant as well, made using the same lamination technique, folded around 2 bars of chocolate. I couldn't help but eat one of these immediately as I needed a little pick me up for the walk around the city, and as always, it was absolutely delicious!"
"In the last set of posts on God Encounters we looked at Jacob and his encounter with God. His encounter came out of fear – fear of an uncle who he thought wanted to kill him and fear of a brother who he thought wanted to kill him. Jacob ended up trying to manipulate his way out of everything but then God showed up. God showed up and wrestled with Jacob all night long. Jacob held on tightly to God. He would not let go and in that we see a picture of what we need to do. We need to hold on and in be in God’s presence and allow Him to change us from manipulators to ministers. Jacob had trouble on every side but God changed him. God changed his heart and God even changed his name. God encountered Jacob and Jacob held on till God made him let go by knocking his hip out of joint! Jacob gladly left that encounter with God with a limp that reminded Him of who God was and how great God was! God wants to do the very same for all of us."
"I: Inspiring-Well I am actually taking this from my WW buddy who tells me that I have inspired so many to join WW and change their lives but I just feel like I’m sharing my excitement with other!"
"So things stood for at least half a century. Then, in the 1990′s, a scientist at MIT made a startling discovery: the hand has two more fingers. Determined to expand the horizons of banjo picking, Dr. Greg Liszt began to experiment with what became know as— have you been paying attention?— the “four-finger” style. It is thought that it took an MIT student to figure out that he had all those extra fingers on his right hand because [REDACTED] and the lack of livestock near campus. Dr. Liszt has predicted, reasonably enough, that a five-finger style is bound to be forthcoming, but development of a six or seven-fingered style clearly must await further lab work."
"We can think of hokku aesthetics as the “taste” or the “fragrance” of a hokku. It is the overall feeling one gets on reading a single hokku or a collection of hokku. In some it may be fainter, in others stronger, but however faint or strong, it should always be there."
"Some of you are sitting out there thinking, “I don’t know that I have ever really been in love with Jesus. I’ve been here in church my whole life, but it has always been about the rituals and rules.” That’s cool. Let’s fix that. There is a whole new life out there waiting for you."
"Anchor Brewing Company Anchor Porter"
"When she looked out the kitchen window, she could see it was really pouring outside. \"It looks like an inside kind of day Lulu. That's okay, we've got plenty of things we can do. I think later, I might even start a fire in the fireplace since it’s so chilly in here. Are you hungry\" as she went to get some food for her. Mary fed the cat and then started the coffee. She went to the pantry and got some oatmeal. When it was done, Mary put some blueberries in the oatmeal and sat at the kitchen table and contemplated what she would do that day."
"The dialogue is scribbled as are the FX."
"Sure, we can all take a nice picture of the sunset, but how many of us can spot the angle that will sell a house in seconds? If you fear that your listing photos – or lack thereof – are hurting your sales numbers, you could be right. Here are three tips for taking good pictures to make your real estate listings move:"
"Fading memories of loves lost to me."
"Please allow me to repeat a favorite poem of mine:"
"To guide homeward benighted Daddy or Baby,"
"You only need to be a millionaire to live there, I consider this each time we are there and wonder how to manage this."
"The time came to walk; to leave the Slavic women to their uneavesdroppable conversation. Puddles aside, I slipped on my backup shoes (it’s astonishing what I can fit in my bag) and carried the shoes of lies."
"all my life i've been attracted to tattoos - but they are 'a no go' in my family - my first and only tat was a tramp stamp of a heart of some sorts (i don't even know what it looks like bc i never see it, and always forget about it) -- anyway i'm now looking into getting a few tatts that are meaningful in my life - to ground myself, to believe in myself, and to live freely .."
"Then, you know what was bound to happen. It WILL happen to us. It already has, Enemies speak. We have had some add their opposing comments to this blog. I don’t mean people who have differing insights or opinions — but real enemies. You can always recognize their language. And most of our readers have met these enemies, often in person, as we speak out against the injustices being dealt to the weak and oppressed by their churches. The dragon is going to roar, and we just might get singed a bit. Sure enough, this is how it was for Nehemiah and the people. Sanballat, Tobiah, and Geshem, the evil stooges of the devil. And what do they do right off, just as evil, abusive people always do when their target is beginning to succeed? They jeer and mock and speak despising words. They accuse us falsely."
"I haven’t been posting much in the past 2 weeks….I’m having a really wonderful time reading, studying, reflecting and learning…sooooo much….my guess is that a very quiet spot within me and pages will emerge…my own form of “translation” from words and studying to images…. but that seems to happen when there are many solitary, quiet days…."
"Another example of what should have happened HERE is what was done by Gadaffi, in Libya; because he actually tried to funnel that countries profits directly back to the people of Libya, the way that we should have been doing things here, all along. (1)"
"Brian Wilson - guitar, keyboards, vocals"
"Lyin' Ass Bitch by Fishbone"
"Each week he'd focus on different areas of cooking - bread, meat, seafood, desserts. The week he taught how to cook meat, he made a honey cider glazed pork that looked to.die.for. He used pork belly and let it slow cook for 4 hours in the oven. Heaven help me! *swoon*"
"It was about that time Alex blurted out incredulously, \"Are we still talking about Lucien???\""
"“The longer we go now without any major shock, the more strength this recovery will have and the more it will be able to sustain without significant detrimental impact any shocks that might come,” Fleming said. “So time then is one of our most helpful forces at the moment.”"
"CassaFire by Alex J. CavanaughPrint ISBN 978-0-9827139-4-5"
"where light meets darkness"
"Popularized by the likes of 9GAG, they’ve become something of a cult phenomenon, and we’ll openly admit that a few of us here at our company are somewhat hooked."
"It was horrifying! having everyone watch as I tried to fit as many bills as possible into that tiny capsule. Then once I sent it through, you should have seen the tellers face! First he took a glance at it when it came down, then quickly did a double take, his mouth falling open. He looked at me, then back at the tube. I was totally embarrassed, and apologized."
"As an awakening to the dynamics of purpose."
"They have room for a very large dining table that will seat 10 and have 8 existing chairs in a woven seagrass. I would like my friends to choose 2 new dining chairs for either end of the table that will be real statement pieces so I have a collection of images to provoke ideas for them and getting them to think a little outside the square."
"Level 7: Weapon ATT: +7, Accuracy: +3%, Proc Rate: 49%, Deals 181% damage 2 times."
"tonight tho, Liz, Emily and I are hitting the malls to shop for ball dresses and have a bite to eat and a few wines! just what I need to forget about the woes of the world."
"Quickly now, for I am short on time:"
"Sauté veggies five minutes, then sprinkle in flour. Cook with flour for two minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in broth and combine. Stir in milk and combine. Bring soup up to a bubble. Add corn and crab meat and simmer soup, about five minutes."
"Keep me removed, but we both know my atmosphere will haunt you."
"I often wonder when I became a hermit. Not, actually, in real life, mind you, but in my heart’s home. I used to be an extrovert, drawing energy from the crowd. Now, I sip on a sunrise and savor the silence."
"The result..so far so good. His pain is a ZERO!!!! It may stay that way for six weeks to six months to six years. (We will take the years please.) Far Guy is scheduled for another injection in six weeks."
"Newcastle East, in New South Wales, up here on the coast."
"Hello people!"
"Fair eyed daisies sway in meadow's brow"
"-Phos (1976, Vertigo)"
"“Those tours are really extra special,” stresses Smith, “and just like our Creek tours, they give people lots of opportunities to just relax, de-stress and do some wildlife watching from a water vantage point.”"
"Based on these perceptions, groups aspiring to self-determination formed delegations, selected representatives, formulated demands, launched campaigns, and mobilized publics behind them. They composed and circulated a flood of declarations, petitions, and memoranda directed at the world leaders assembled in Paris and directed at public opinion across the world. Many of the petitioners adopted Wilson’s rhetoric of self-determination and the equality of nations to formulate their demands and justify their aspirations, both because they found his language appealing and, more importantly, because they believed it would be effective in advancing their cause. They quoted at length from the president’s Fourteen Points address and his other wartime speeches, praised his plan for a League of Nations, and aimed to attract his support for their struggles to attain self-determination."
"Ingersoll-Rand 2135TiMAX 1/2-Inch Air Impact Wrench WORX WG912.51 2-Piece 18 Volt Lithium-Ion Cordless Combo Kit With Blower & String Trimmer Factory-Reconditioned DEWALT DC315KR 28V Cordless NANO Li-Ion 1-1/8″ Reciprocating Saw Kit DEWALT DCF895L2 20-Volt MAX Lithium Ion Brushless 3-Speed 1/4-Inch Impact Driver Genesis GL12DHOK2 12V Lithium-Ion Combo Kit-3/8-Inch Drill, Oscillating Tool, Close Quarter Hammer and 65 Accessories, 3-Piece Hitachi CR18DL 18-Volt Li-Ion Reciprocating Saw Kit Black & Decker NPP2018B 18 Volt Cordless Pole Chain Saw – Bare Tool (No Battery Or Charger) Greenworks 20602 20-Volt Lithium Ion 10-Inch Cordless Electric Chain Saw (No Battery or Charger) Makita (RJ01W) 12V Li Ion Reciprocating Saw Kit Makita JR3070CT Reciprocating Saw Bare-Tool Milwaukee 0719-20 Sawzall V28 Lithium-Ion Cordless Reciprocating Saw (Tool Only, No Battery) Bosch RS325 120-Volt 12-Amp Reciprocating Saw – US Fluke 116/322 HVAC Combo Kit Stiletto CB5TB TiBone Combo Kit, 5-Piece"
"Hey Everybody! Didn't mean to be away quite so long but it seems my Internet connection out of town has just about become non-existent unless I take my laptop out somewhere and this past week I just have not had much time. I know, same ol' story. Time at home is packed full of chores and such and just trying to rest a little."
"Second series of questions: for what is there suffering?--and from this a conclusion is derived concerning the relation of the true world to our apparent, changing, suffering, contradictory world: (1) Suffering as a consequence of error: how is error possible? (2) Suffering as a consequence of guilt: how is guilt possible? (--experiences derived from nature or society universalized and projected to the sphere of \"in-itself\"). If, however, the conditioned world is causally conditioned by the unconditioned world, then freedom to err and incur guilt must also be conditioned by it: and again one asks, what for?--The world of appearance, becoming, contradiction, suffering, is therefore willed: what for?"
"causes of the conflict on land in Somalia.”"
"Chamille never did that. I'm not even sure that she can count by 2's, not that it really matters much because she can count change really fast in her own way. She did that yesterday too. She had a pile of change. Okay, here I go again trying to count my children's change... and she says \"NO! You are going to mess me up in my counting. I have my own way of counting.\" So, she quickly divides up the coins in neat little piles of $.25 and counts them really fast and is done before I even begin to count and add each coin individually!"
"Billy Wilder, the great Austrian-American filmmaker won, I think, seven Academy Awards. He also had great movies in almost as many film genres, including film noir (Double Indemnity, Sunset Boulevard), war (Five Graves to Cairo, Stalag 17), comedy (Some Like it Hot, The Apartment) and more. In short, he was quite a \"storyteller.\""
"In spite of traditions of high educational qualifications, many feign ignorance of the constitutional laws; rather they do not want to understand them because of their vested interests. In spite of glaring atrocities against Dalits, they are reluctant to share with them positions their families have been holding for ages. Complicity of the state makes situation worse, allowing crime against Dalits continue. Equality remains on paper."
"04. Gaby - A Bailar"
"- When I was in the late stages of writing my first book, I listened to the Into the Wild soundtrack on repeat every day. Especially “No Ceiling.” But I was surprised to find that I can’t listen to it while I write my current book, because it takes me back to the way I felt when I was writing the first book, which is not the same as the way I feel when I am writing this book. I don’t know if that makes sense, but it made me sort of happy."
"Recollections Mulberry Paper Rose Leaves (3)"
"Leisha"
"He said: “I am quite surprised by the findings because of the range of outcomes for schools which appear to recruit very similar students."
"The first order of business in comparing the three variations of discounted 2011 A&G purchases is to declare the blaster the loser. It really was a let down after the success of the other packs."
"why can’t we play media burnt on to discs in our xbox yet. That would be a great and revolutionary installation."
"13. Rudy (Sean Astin) – I’m a fan of the sports genre, especially underdogs."
"I haven't blogged since February 9th!!! My bad. Again."
"Psalm 113:9 niv"
"09/19/2011 BUY 0.01 audusd 1.01758 09/20/2011 1.02734 +9.88"
"Earlier this month, in Bruhn Newtech Ltd v Datanetex Ltd and Lashbrook [2012] EWPCC 17, the Patents County Court (England and Wales -- with John Baldwin QC presiding as deputy judge) refused Bruhn Newtech's request for a declaration of ownership in respect of UK and Community unregistered designs for the 'Hazkey' (right), a device which was \"useful in the field of predicting hazards\". At paragraph 2 the deputy judge noted:"
"2) The Righteous Path Through The Forest of Old – Mammatus – from “Mammatus”"
"1 x (1379)Cadbury Dairy Milk - Black Forest = 2.49"
"One would wonder if there are also \"long held concerns\" about the many smaller public hospitals and private hospitals that do not have medical personnel on site 24/7. Surely no-one imagines that all pregnant women should be herded into large baby-factory hospitals that process births like cars off a production line?"
"Like the ritziest diamonds, or anyway, zircon,"
"removed her parental rights when I was 17. I was terrified in that"
"1. Thank and link back to the person that gave you the award."
"Well maybe I got a little Karmic some of the time, I spoke to my daughter and who enjoyed getting my letter, photos etc. this week, But I think that I already feel good enough about that, so maybe = Zero Karma points (but lots of warm fuzzies…), no my daughter did love the extra effort = 10 points"
"Billy Crystal: Ahhh, never gets old."
"I knew that I had a picture of them kissing each other when Mya was a baby,"
"* My cleaning crew is coming today, I have a babysitter coming in a few, and I have a massage booked at the Mom Spa!"
"Brazil’s government may continue to contain the appreciation of the Brazilian real in “legitimate defense,” given a world awash in exaggerated levels of financial liquidity, former finance minister Antonio Delfim Netto told Dow Jones Newswires in an interview."
"Two more decrees, issued by the Congregation of Sacred Rites on April 10, 1848, answered questions which had arisen. (1) The Mass of the Immaculate Conception, transferred to Sunday, has the Gloria and Credo and the Gospel of the Sunday at the end; and, if the Mass is sung, it has a commemoration only of the Sunday; if it is a private Mass, it has commemorations also of other feasts observed on that day. (2) The obligation of reciting the vespers of the divine office is satisfied by attendance at the vespers of the Immaculate Conception on the Sunday to which the feast is transferred."
"session went pear-shaped, we lost focus and almost gave up...did give"
"State prosecutor Werner Gibson asked Moyo why he had not alerted anyone that he was being threatened."
"3) Students fill out a prewriting web for their mother."
"I conclude by reading Ephesians 4:1. Paul writes, “I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called.” Walk in those steps and experience the joy and contentment in doing it."
"But fire and water weren't Lawrence's only distresses. Sometimes he had to fear his own constituents."
"So today it's \"Rosenmontag\". Carnival is really important here in Germany, usually."
"This sounds pretty dismal, doesn’t it? But it is true, and as I think back on the way I was, it makes me sick. I was heading toward disaster. I had my spot marked in hell. I had prime real estate in the hottest place there is."
"And that number keeps growing."
"The couple was overjoyed."
"And some pictures of the celebrations in the USA. Let's all remember now how the Arab world celebrated after 9/11....an eye for an eye is my motto in life. U.S. officials have reportedly told broadcaster CNN that bin Laden's body has already been buried at sea in order to prevent the grave from becoming a shrine for extremists - a brilliant move by the USA."
"--Andrew Murray"
"NOTE: Be careful when customizing certain features of your Operating System unless you know that it is not completely necessary for the successful running of your computer."
"I was blessed to have a big chunk of uninterrupted time today and this prayer was answered very quickly. Have you ever spent time with God and he revealed something to you that you wanted to shout from a mountain, tell your best friend or hubby and yet you knew it was not the right time or maybe you would never tell anyone."
"Little wonder then, that our school system is failing our children so badly, when politically correct indoctrination is prioritised over real education. This sickening episode shows just how badly our country needs a party that will fight the evils of this alien ideology wherever it rears its ugly head."
"- The Titans album release flew totally under our radar, but it’s really quite impressive and deserves an audience. Full review coming."
"Several ‘friends’ of mine in school sometimes come up to me to talk about their troubles. They aren’t really true friends; they just… use me. There were times when they were frustrated with a certain person and started bad-mouthing him or her. Using cuss words about every 2 seconds, those girls always rambled on in my ear, expecting me to talk badly about their current enemy also. It was always torturous for me to listen, and all I wanted to do was start talking about Christ. It was always during those times when I silently prayed for the gossiping girl next to me, and also for me to stay calm and not get too influenced by her."
"The islands have a home, it’s a little house. This house is 5,000 square feet."
"I could have been going out to nice restaurants every night and drinking champagne instead of sitting home like a schmuck watching Antiques Roadshow."
"This was the palest of my Cinque Terre wines, very lemony straw and fresh to look at."
"With the “Pirate of the Year” awards around the corner, Pirate Captain (Hugh Grant) and his crew of scallywags take to the high seas to find a bounty worthy of entering the awards. Instead they find a young Charles Darwin (David Tennant), who informs them that their beloved parrot is in fact a rare dodo, a discovery priceless in the scientific world."
"After all, one plans on having this animal for it's lifetime and build a great bond and possibly achieve great heights in sport, or just have a safe family horse that anyone can safely ride or drive. Why should training take 30 days...or 3 months? It is a process that lasts a lifetime. The horse deserves a good foundation."
"It doesn't seem like a lot at all does it? I think I can make it work though."
"As a parent, sick days are pretty much null and void. I mean, sure, if you're lucky enough to have a partner in crime, a phenomenal grandparent or fab friend to take a child off your paws, you can attempt to have some semblance of a sick day but in all reality, you can usually get one good day to really recupe and then, it's back to baby business."
"Even to this great crowd in Jerusalem Paul testified in Acts 22:20 that he consented unto the death of Stephen. He was also guilty of the unpardonable sin. He should not have been forgiven. That is what the Lord said in Matthew."
"One of the things I miss about living here is my friends back in England. We've been here 3+ years now and there are some people who have slipped down to just being FB contacts and some have dropped off my radar altogether**. My friend Al is a different matter though, whereas in England we would meet up probably once a week for lunch or minor (sometimes major) shopping and gossip incessantly, this has now been distilled into a weekly chat. I always make sure that that particular evening has no other plans or possible interruptions because we can and do chat for an hour or so, without necessarily discussing world peace or the latest political scandal, indeed if Si were to ask 'what did you talk about?' ( an unlikely scenario) I'd probably have to think hard to find something concrete to offer. Children and schooling inevitably get a look in, the whereabouts of our husbands always crops up (hers travels as much as mine) and Al's work but other than that..."
"Overall it was the best weekends I could have imagined and such an amazing way to propose! I am seriously on cloud 9 every time I remember that we are getting married! I will put pictures of the ring up soon too, it is gorgeous!"
"2. Expectations. As your body changes during the course of your life, you have to re-learn certain things. For example, when you start skating as a young child (I started when I was six years old) and then you go through puberty, you have to re-learn how to execute each element with your new weight distribution and center of gravity (both boys and girls are affected by growth spurts in height and girls are affected by growth spurts in other areas as well). Then, as you get older and your knees, feet, and back change because of the mileage on them, you have to learn how to push yourself without hurting yourself. Skating has helped me learn how to adjust to these changes without feeling discouraged. It has shown me that there’s always a new vein of potential within myself to pursue. These same lessons about one’s body can be applied to changes in one’s life. You can learn to roll with the punches and still come out on top if you can adapt your expectations of yourself and others as people and circumstances change."
"ROYAL STAMP"
"What dread hand? and what dread feet?"
"Breakfast- Oatmeal- 1/2 cup rolled oats (made with 1 cup water), 1/2 cup original almond milk, a handful of frozen berries"
"This is a hefty and substantial tome. Cover to cover, it is pushing 2 inches thick with 440 pages of slight puffery that is typical of the era. I have read far worse in turn of the last century technology history reviews. If the title page is any indication, this is probably the best book ever written! Or something like that."
"The bones from the ritual slaughters are stacked in piles to make “bone men”, which are ritually burned on All Souls’ Day. All Souls’ Day is a British religious celebration practiced by members of the Anglican Church on November 2. On this day the church faithful pray for the departed souls of members of their community—in Heptonclough the ritual has special significance because in recent years several children have gone missing, leaving no trace. Are they dead?"
"To demonstrate my thanks and willingness to ally myself with you, as a token of my friendship, I have sent one wagon of goods with this messenger. You may keep both the wagon and the messenger. I have included much of the armor and weaponry damaged in the battle, as I would lose face for trying to sell goods with such obvious cosmetic blemishes to the Dragon, the local smiths would rob me blind for repairs, and by the time I purchase new oxen and hire new guards and drivers, it would be unprofitable to ship them anywhere else… but the equipment is still in good working order and I hope it will prove useful to your order."
"and before you know"
"Time to open a Cloudline Pinot Noir 2008."
"Upon arrival in Siem Reap, we did not waste any time as we immediately set out to explore all the temples that we could in one day, well more likely in half a day. Thanks to our reliable tuktuk driver, Ly Horng, he helped us maximize our temple visit by bringing us to the temples that we could."
"Following the vision of the red-feathered arrow"
"The magnificent roar of the spectacle that is the start of a Formula 1 race."
"article about my good friend, Rose Hicks."
"that I am."
"Let me just put this out there:"
"I signed the contract. My whole reason for going – not wanting to be a wuss – is the only thing that kept me moving forward with this ridiculous plan. How much of a wuss would I be if I turned around and went back to the hotel now? I’d never live it down!"
"In all honesty, I would say anywhere. I could live in a library or a bookstore and never feel deprived of the outside world. My mother placed a book before me when I was nothing more than an infant, and I have been fascinated by books every since. I read cereal boxes, road signs, recipes, newspapers, etc. Anything is fair game. When I read for pleasure at home, I read either in my favorite chair or sitting on the bench under the weeping willow in my back yard or snuggled under the covers in bed late at night."
"Everything in your car"
"In any case, fingers crossed, this latest surgery will alleviate the suffering this sadly maimed lady endures every hour or every day."
"Tomorrow I will be posting a third shelf sitter. He is nothing like the first two. I hope you come back to see him."
"Mason’s nine and he’s pretty mature for his age. He tells me a lot of kids say a lot of nasty things on the bus, but he doesn’t resort to their level of thinking and stands up for himself and his buddies. That’s what we taught him. Still, I wonder just how many THINGS he is learning on his bus ride home from school."
"I’m probably the last person to ask for advice on this one. I didn’t really know that agents existed so I just submitted work to lots of publishers. I got my fair share of rejections but then I got into a spot of bother. A couple of publishers wanted the same thing and I didn’t know what to do. Two rather lovely writers (Liz Kessler and Joanne Cotterill) told me I needed to get an agent NOW! But not many agents are interested in picture books, and I’d already sold my Cinnamon Grove series, so I submitted another unfinished book to some recommended agents and found myself in the lucky position of choosing my favourite!"
"Me: Hubby, it’s no big deal. We can buy another plate!"
"One reason isw he contrasted Republicans from Teddy Roosevelt to Dwight Eisenhower to Richard Nixon with the current party orthodoxy. Could Ronald Reagan be nominated today? I asked. “Likely, no,” he said."
"Living in the present, being here now – doesn’t preclude the what if process."
"in puddles of water playground"
"The whatayagonna do can be applied to matters as large as an entire relationship, or smaller ones like a lost cardigan. Either way, sometimes saying “whatayagonnado” can be just as powerful as upholding the battle."
"It’s meant to be pulpy and forgettable, but it does delve into some fascinating subject matter regarding the lives and limitations of conjoined twins (particularly in the prudent early 1950s). All in all Freaks is a billion times better, but this is a welcome treat for people who want more of the Hilton Twins."
"BF: That’s an annual budget. This is the UN development report. You’d have to go through their experts and find out how they did those numbers."
"Good morning! I just wanted to share my layouts for the first 5 days of the Scrapbooking from Scratch \"Sketch a Day\" competition. For a sketch junkie like me, this is the best competition. I am really enjoying it and can feel my mojo flowing for the first time in quite a while. I also have my eye on a couple of the SFS kits......"
"Blessed moments crest in orchestral harmony,"
"These tips worked for me, and I hope will spark some new ideas and motivation for you! I look forward to hearing any of your sneaky nutrition tips and favorite snacks! Please, bring it to the table and share away!"
"I will have the same resolve with whatever it turns out to be as I have about anything else these days, because as all the shitty toxins of junk food and pre-packaged garbage have been leaving me I have to tell you one thing that is unquestionable. My mind has never felt more clear. I was drinking Iced Tea all day. That's gone now. I was drinking artificial sweetener in my coffee every morning. Gone. Just black now. I sometimes don't bother with a second cup."
"My first half marathon was a fantastic experience. It was a chilly, windy morning, and at 6:30am my husband dropped Jason and me off as close to the starting line as possible. The race started at 7:30am, but because I didn’t know what to expect, I wanted to have plenty of time."
"The rules of this award:"
"of a little place down by the lake"
"Have you held her close, admiring the way the candlelight dances on her fangs?"
"Gym Membership: for our cost comparison, I’m going to use 24 hour fitness’ “24 Hour Fitness Active” monthly price out of San Francisco."
"Last night we decided to branch out, and instead of the usual fairy cakes smothered in smarties, dolly mixtures, sprinkles, chocolate buttons and marshmallows, we opted for something a little more sophisticated."
"It’s there."
"Note: Floatopia was a short-running, daytime event in Isla Vista on par with Halloween. Isla Vista is a small town with an overwhelming majority of student residents; it sits on scenic coastal bluffs just north of UCSB’s campus."
"I see her perk up when visited and fed by my angel friend, Cathy."
"Yesterday I worked like crazy so I could spend some time today with my Nanna. Im so happy they are coming up to the hillcountry to see me. Too bad the new store is closed on Mondays, I wont be able to show them... but we WILL still have a wonderful time."
"3. Ben - Crispin Glover"
"Another one I liked was:"
"WHEN – Timeframe"
"It was Conaing's, it was Cuiline's,"
"It was a lovely wedding, celebrated in a beautiful, historical, place that has been sanctioned for weddings. The service was very modern and very happy. The registrar was an absolute love! Our dear, youngest, grandson (3 yrs 4 months) was ring-bearer. He was ‘suited (3 piece) and booted’ and looked so absolutely gorgeous he brought smiles to the face and tears to the eyes."
"Honesty is one of the book’s selling points, according to the blurb, and it’s true that nobody would invent some of the things Baxter admits to thinking. But what impresses most is the concrete prose, the defining solidity of almost everything he says: no ambiguity here, no fine writing, just aesthetic delight throughout at what he says and how he says it, which borders on physical pleasure."
"She recently added Paranormal Romance Writer to her list of things that keep her busy, but she is ecstatic to release her debut novel, Blood of Anteros, the first book in The Vampire Agápe Series."
"Even Bono and his moobs would celebrate."
"When you turn on the tv…. read a newspaper….. listen to the radio…. it seems like we hear story after story of Children disappearing…….. wifes or husbands vanishing…. not a day goes by, I doubt, that something, somewhere has happened to someone that is beyond imagination. They tend to look first at family members, which to me, has to be a horrible thing to have to go through… but… more times than not… it ends up being the one that is supposed to be the protector, the lover, the caregiver… the one that is supposed to be the most trusted person in their life."
"At The Sunday Whirl, Brenda tells us the words are from Joy Harjo’s poem ‘Equinox’. Visit to see the wordle and to read what others have done."
"I stormed across the apartment and flung open the door and declared that I was practically starving and had been so excited because for once we actually had the exact food I was craving and I saw the look of recognition dawn on Paul's face as I stood there, eyes flashing."
"We are also grateful for our classmates and delight in the diversity of cultures represented at our school."
"– NYC “White Shirt” Cop Supervisors Help Arrest Wall Street Protesters"
"It is also worth mentioning that the huge economic crisis has generated splits in New Democracy. The Democratic Alliance and the Independent Greeks are both splits from the traditionally dominant right-wing party."
"Explosion, fireball reported in Nevada, California"
"Huckleberry Finn has been rocking the Korean indie club circuit for over a decade and is one of Korea’s finest harder edged alternative rock units around. Part of this is due to the ferocity of lead singer Lee Soyoung’s vocals, whose husky rock howl matches pound-for-pound ever other rock singer in the scene. And while Huckleberry Finn won’t have the broadness of Jaurim’s appeal, being quite tied to their specific alternative rock sound, Lee Soyoung will provide the kind of powerhouse female rock vocals that will rattle the audience, especially when tied up with the band’s potent arrangements."
"\"It's 2:40 ? OH SHIT !\""
"The police arrived AFTER we’d been informed over the PA (of the second tram) that the drunk had finally got off the tram in front and was no longer a danger."
"200g sour cream"
"The fall was because the government slapped Mexico with visa restrictions to deal with what it regarded were a steady steam of bogus asylum claims coming out of the country, some claims being Mexican newly-weds honeymooning in Canada on our dime. Only 10% of asylum claims made by Mexican nationals are ever accepted. The rest are either rejected or abandoned."
"In addition to the rustic looking buildings that give off the artsy vibe, Fernwood was home to a telephone pole painting event, in which residents and friends were able to share their artistry and creativity by decorating the telephone poles that lined the streets. I would estimate that there were about forty to fifty of these poles scattered throughout the neighbourhood, bringing life and colour to the sidewalks, but I could only choose a few of my favourites to share."
"“One surprise was how few stream gauging stations have the necessary long-term records for evaluating climate-related trends in water temperatures,” said coauthor Jason Dunham, an aquatic ecologist with the U.S. Geological Survey. “Most of them are located in streams with high human influence, which makes it difficult to separate climate effects from local human impacts.”"
"When will I ever learn."
"For beauty, for love, for something up above, and now mercy is on my lips and"
"it seems like it's always left to me to say these things, the obvious"
"US patent practitioners are breathing a collective sigh of relief—for now—since inequitable conduct has become harder to allege and prove. However, at least one of the losing parties is petitioning the US Supreme Court for review, so this decision may not yet be the last word on unenforceability of patents for inequitable conduct."
"shadow of illness."
"Now I'm not sure if I want to tell him on Saturday in Cleveland or not. I planned to tell him about it and get him the names of everyone who donating."
"When I got the book ( borrowed from my cousin in exchange for the Last Moghul), I was wondering what the book would be about. It was about 9 lives - or people that was clear. But what was not clear was how it would be played out."
"I’ll tell my baby girl"
"The two cosmonauts turned to their left. One-hundred meters to their left was the definitive separation of the moon from like to dark. Kostya felt like it was a line drawn in the sand, daring the two men to cross. Beyond were voids in the stars, where giant peaks formed a mountainous skyline. While the rest of the world was content to look at the dark side of the Moon through a lens, the Russians would not stand for less than putting men on the crags themselves."
"jennem said..."
"That’s why I give myself to no one else but You"
"Teens have been my passion since I taught back in the mid- 90's but I guess I always thought my connection with them was completely based on the fact that being right out of college, there weren't all that many years between us. But when my own children became tweens and the conversations would go from in front of the TV to around the kitchen table WITH ME... I realized they can sense how much I love them without me even having to do anything special. Just listen, be my goofy self and let them BE who they are."
"But the best part about it was stripping. As in stripping the covers off paperbacks to return them to the publishers, and we could have the books for free. The world was my oyster! So much to learn, so much to choose from – I could read Proust and Dickens and Austen and Plath, perfect for an English major like me. But more often than not, the naked books slipped into my purse were actually “Sweet Valley High” novels, and one book that has stayed with me in memory and every move from apartment to apartment: “I’m With the Band” by Pamela Des Barres."
"If your story’s synopsis has become your Achilles’ Heel, try simplifying it for yourself. Even if you find you struggle with road blocks in your story, this way may just help you past them. By targeting these four points you may just find that writing a synopsis can in fact be a key to the difference between a good story and a great story. Don’t complicate things for yourself by over-analyzing the synopsis. You already have enough to do with writing and finishing the story as well as submitting it for acceptance or rejection."
"when I am able to add some beautiful pieces to our home."
"Veteran Comedienne Hope Flood, who in her 23 years in comedy on the road, stage, television, film and as an on-air radio personality, realized it takes well over a decade of work before most comedians are even recognized. Flood decided to create a solution to help more women in comedy succeed."
"Sweet Thames, run softly, till I end my song."
"Oh, and did I mention that in the last few months I've lost 40+ lbs? Woot! Woot! I am so very psyched about that!"
"You know the little voice that tells you in the middle of a conversation that you are having with someone that you are a lot smarter than they are? Perhaps it’s hubris, but it happens on occasion. I have recently recovered from breast cancer. I’m on the other side of this deal now, having finished radiation a couple months ago. Now, when people I know (or people of people I know) get a new diagnosis of breast cancer, I contact them and at least lend an ear, share my experience and listen to theirs. I feel like it’s the least I can do, because no one can really do jack shit for someone who has cancer other than be a friend. I had long-lost friends and new friends check in with me during my cancer experience and it meant a lot. Thus, I commence with my do-gooding. Only, the old adage, “no good deed goes unpunished” starts replaying in my head as the following conversation unfolds."
"Application:"
"These were my Primitive Gatherings mats of the month for January and February, and they are done and ready for gifting, with the addition of a little candle and holder. Now that the weather is so nice, I'm really done with anything having to do with snow, so the Christmas gift I make in April is not going to by wintry!"
"Eli's been a little off lately. He's not loving much of his music....and not laughing much. This makes us sad. We feel his laughter lets us know all is right in his world."
"...watched some break-dancing. We sat opposite Shakespeare’s Globe theatre and were treated to a fab impromptu display from four guys and a girl, all throwing athletic shapes and spinning arms over legs on the dusty concrete floor. We clapped and we cheered; we threw money in the hat and marvelled at folk who go out dancing wearing a crash-helmet. I mean, you’ve got to be seriously committed to doing a head-twirl; it’s a tricky style look to pull off, otherwise."
"Staves (black)"
"Mr. Hot and I recently had the pleasure of dining at NICO Kitchen + Bar located at the NJPAC on what may be the most picturesque corner in Newark. We enjoyed many dishes that demonstrate NICO’s “Italian without borders” approach to cuisine."
"It just made me stop and think about each type."
"I think the postage to the U.S.A would be a bit outrageous for this!!"
"A has had the old roof off & a new roof on all by himself this summer ... can I find the camera anywhere ... no? So no pics. Very annoying. I have no idea where the bloody thing is. B swears she knows nothing. I have a week off & I'm having a major sort so hopefully it will come to light somewhere."
"Soak the package of yeast in 1/4 cup of warm water for 15 minutes. Mix as you would for a pie crust the following ingredients: flour, sugar, salt & butter. Now add the milk, eggs and finally the yeast mixture. Knead the dough until soft and put in a covered crock in the refrigerator over-night. In the morning, divide the dough into four parts."
"Example: From as young as I can remember I had severe hay fever allergies that started without fail August 1st each and every year and never subsided until the first frost. My allergies were so bad that most of the days I couldn’t even see because my eyes were swollen shut. I happened to be born in August. Every year I had the chance to renew my energy cycle, every year, I didn’t. Couldn’t… I was bound to a family, a belief system that did not serve my higher purpose but I was too terrified to be myself."
"What's your opinion? Do you agree with Zorroy that Mike V. is extremely eloquent? Do you agree with me that he says some extremely crazy things?"
"Not everything will work out precisely the way you planned. If you are too rigid in your approach to making resolutions, the first minor obstacle can throw you off your course completely...\""
"Not so much."
"Electromagnetic Pulse Attack"
"In addition, Conor will be conducting student workshops from 20 February to 2 March 2012."
"11. Never feat. Joy Sparkes (prod. by K21)"
"Penwizard have kindly offered FREE postage and packaging to any of my readers who wish to purchase a book from them, just go to the website and use the code 150920 at the checkout. They really do have a great range of personalised books for all occasions, for boys and girls!! Would make a perfect gift for any little one!"
"The interrogators’ voice was low, and only those around him could really hear it."
"Happy travelling and part two of ' travelling to provence' to follow... xv"
"Do I make fun of the girl above and mock people on Facebook because I'm jealous? I don't have a Facebook account. I don't need a website to constantly remind me of how few friends I have. I can count them on one hand and have a few fingers to spare. The girl above is sustaining two conversations. I, on the other hand, got my new phone in May and haven't bothered to set up my voicemail because I never get any calls. So maybe this is all just a case of simple, human envy."
"Prime Minister Najib Razak – through his hard work and use of finances (another problematic area in Malaysian elections – BR1M’s cash handouts involved 5.3 million households at a cost of RM2.3 billion, for example) had made headway and was steering BN into a comfortable win, relying heavily on seats in Sabah and Sarawak."
"Don’t forget to take a lice comb built to take away dead lice or eggs are destroyed or you will quickly find themselves battling another infection faster than you think! Usually when head lice are caught they can be treated easily and effective control – her hair tied back, NIT-comb every night, etc. Head lice are tiny insects that live on the skin covering the head. Rivet adhesive to the hair, this may be a real chore to move them. Head lice natural remedies – vinegar Method lice occur additional frequently during the summer when the weather is warm and sunny. But when a child has lice, it is highest to examine all family members. We will every be at the office of the nurses in groups of 10 or 15 waiting for our title known as out."
"I have an episode of ‘Southland’ airing in March. I start shooting a movie with a director friend in late April, and after that I don’t know, that’s one of the perks of being actor, not knowing too far into the future."
"Servings: Approximately 12 small cookies"
"Siblings: She had one litter mate that died when they were around 4 months old."
"Turning our workings on their head for a moment, it becomes clear that if we are to provide owner-occupied dwellings for persons on average earnings, then such dwellings must never cost more than four times such average earnings, nor should the land upon which they are to be built, cost more than four times such average earnings per acre."
"and they hold hands"
"Schreiber's book is loaded with color photos and each page is devoted to a different edible flower. Organized alphabetically, the book gives descriptions of how to grow, harvest and prepare each plant and also gives cautionary advice about some of their health impacts (i.e., don't consume chamomile if you are taking blood thinners). A recipe section at the back lists many scrumptious and unusual dishes that will appeal to all five senses, including Fresh Salsa with Pineapple and Nasturtiums, Watermelon and Feta Salad and Lemon Verbena Salmon."
"We literally walked through the stage to get onto the floor to find our seats. We got all those looks of, who are they? How'd they get backstage? You know, the looks you give people who walk out from behind the stage and you wish that you were them."
"We would like to remind you that there are 19 days left till the abstract submission deadline, which is 16th April 2012. If by any circumstances you have not yet resolved to submit your abstract, we would like to encourage you to put it forward as an oral or poster presentation."
"the sun is for all practical purposes the god,master and absolute lord of the solar system."
"It's not really a rock and roll memoir. Instead, it's a coming of age story about a confused young woman who moves to New York at 20 years old after giving up a baby for adoption. She lives on the streets for a while until she meets the artist Robert Mapplethorpe. Together, they struggle with their work, themselves, and if not each other, then their relationship with each other, particularly Mapplethorpe, who was exploring his homosexuality at the same time he was in a relationship with Smith."
"4 usually gets me about 1 cup. You can use more or less juice, depending on how intense you want the lemon flavor. 1 cup gives you a nice, soft lemon flavor. Not that scratchy-throat lemon flavor, wow I hate that."
"In brief, religions that are “here” religions tend to be domestic in focus. The officiants at “here” religions are the heads of families (in the ancient world, usually the eldest male/pater familias), the focus is various parts of the home, including the home shrine (but also encompassing the hearth, the threshold, bedrooms on certain occasions, and other locations), and the concerns of “here” religions are expectably domestic issues like birth and death, the health and well-being of the family, and of material abundance and prosperity. “There” religions are temple-based, and often communal in nature; as a result, they have recognized and trained (or at least communally acknowledged and nominated) sacred specialists–i.e. “priests” and other religious functionaries–as well as particular rules of engagement, including ideas about purity, persons to include or exclude for various reasons, acceptable ways to interact with the deities in temple-space, and so forth. The focus of “there” religions can overlap with that of “here” religious activities, but the overall tendency is to be less individual and familial and more communal, whether this is “communal” on a local or civic level, a more national or regional level, or in a more international fashion. The Eleusinian Mysteries and cultus of Greece would fit this model perfectly. “Anywhere” religions, however, are another matter altogether, because they can involve practitioners doing their practices wherever they happen to be. As a result, the theological notions that accompany these religions tend to be ones of omniscience or omnipresence of deities, or at least the ability to be able to contact deities wherever one happens to be regardless of the availability of a temple, shrine, or community. These types of religion tend to arise during periods in which there is a great deal of cultural contact and movement–often in the context of transnational empires–and they are popular amongst groups of people who tend to be widely traveled, like soldiers, merchants, or imperial bureaucrats and officials. Both Christianity and the Mithraic cultus fall into this category."
"“Surprised and disappointed”!"
"Day Thirty-Seven Tuesday April 24 (Inca Trail day Two)"
"As Day 1 of \"Not Blogging\" turned into days 4, 6, and 10, I began to realize that this bloggy break was good. Good for my soul. Good for my family. Good to actually give me time to pursue the design & decorating I love to do. Good for me to pursue another idea and dream. Just GOOD."
"I've always noticed that you can tell a lot about people by how they view the world. A thief thinks everyone is going to steal from them, a liar thinks everyone is lying...etc...etc. Following this theory, what does Britney being snowed by K-fed say about her? Well, probably that she never expected to be treated this way because she would never treat anyone this way. She never saw his opportunistic nature because she has a generous nature. I think that she 'Is that Innocent' actually. And I relate to this too."
"For example: The sidewalk on Dean Street that will be used by arena patrons to walk from the arena parking lot to the arena has an effective width of 3.2 feet instead of the 11.5 feet disclosed in the FEIS. This margin of error is typical, not the exception."
"It is also not very stable, meaning it will get very runny with heat but it’s in a tube so a little easier to use. Next camping trip I may just put it in the cooler where I keep my coconut oil!"
"People who've been to my house know I hate having things on my fridge, but we've found the best place to keep this is on the fridge. In December 2006, I wrote a post about how our fridge would most likely always have something on it but obviously I didn't listen to myself."
"Days just don't get any better than today. They really don't."
"Judge: Attorney Christian you may cross-examine the witness."
"But Keith Porteous Wood, of the The National Secular Society, said: 'Delia Smith has fallen for a myth in imagining secularists and atheists are somehow endangering her faith. 'It is the Church that is destroying itself with its inhumane pronouncements and unwillingness, in some cases, to admit its own evil-doing. 'When crimes against little children are denied and covered up, people are repelled and walk away."
"One summer afternoon I walked back from town and saw the house was for sale and that the realtor had left the front door open during daylight hours. I just had to go inside and explore, and so, with the curiosity of Fox Mulder and the cowardice of Don Knotts, and armed only with a sketch pad, I slipped into the dark, creepy house."
"The Sisters Of Mercy began to gather steam through a series of early singles including \"Alice\" and \"Temple Of Love,\" as well as The Reptile House EP, all of which were recorded by the group's original lineup: Eldritch on vocals, Gary Marx and Ben Gunn on guitars, Craig Adams on bass and a drum machine they named Doktor Avalanche. In 1983, shortly after \"Temple Of Love\" was released, Gunn left the band due to personality conflicts with Eldritch, and was replaced by former Dead Or Alive guitarist Wayne Hussey as the band recorded their first full-length album, First And Last And Always, released in early 1985. Bolstered by outstanding tracks like \"Black Planet\" and \"Walk Away,\" the album found a receptive audience at home in the UK and became an underground hit here in the States. They toured in support of the LP, but during the tour Gary Marx quit, blaming an inability to get along with Eldritch (you may notice a pattern emerging here)."
"113000 Forestry & logging (including forest nurseries & timber tracts)"
"Remember, JCCC employees can purchase up to four tickets for any Performing Arts Series show at half price. The employee pricing is available only by phone or in person at the box office, and not online."
"Saving Private Ryan"
"In Southern Nepal, at the foot of the Himalayas, is one of the world’s holiest places, Lumbini, where, according to the sacred tales, the Buddha was born."
"Again, those who accompany the Lord are His angels and not the believers of this age of grace. Look at Matthew 16:27 concerning the Lord’s Second Coming to earth, “For the Son of man shall come in the glory of His Father with His angels.” Matthew 13:41-42 tells us,"
"Beside me, on that bus"
"Check out your local book shop and library and get to know the current market. You’d be amazed how many people still send in manuscripts to publishers with covering letters explaining they’ve written in the style of Enid Blyton or Arthur Ransome. The chances are, the agent/publisher won’t take more than a cursory glance at your precious manuscript after that. You need to know what’s been done recently, how well it’s been done, what appeals and why. THEN you can start to write. Also bear in mind that writing is a craft and needs practising. And it’s hard work as well as fun."
"Place in glass casserole."
"i feel like i'm drowning. i can't climb out of the whole i'm in."
"But do you know what is more interesting than thinking?"
"Ruffalo’s Banner is initially introduced as a difficult mission for Black Widow. It’s her job to “bring in the big guy”. Nonetheless, when we meet him in Nameless Third World Village Number Three, we find a timid, kind and mild-mannered man you wouldn’t look at twice in the street. This is compared to the Banners of Bana and Norton, who you might cross the street to avoid on a dark night."
"How many of you have seen the movie \"Risky Business\"? Joel’s parents are out of town, and when they call to check in one evening, they can tell by the noise level that he’s having a party. “Just a few friends,” Joel tells them, and his mother says it’s all right. “You know we trust you.” Of course, at that moment, Joel is running a brothel out of their home and there are prostitutes wearing his mother’s clothes."
"A famous Arts & Crafts bloke in the 1870s was William de Morgan, a man who found a second career as a novelist. Piers too – after being fired by the Mirror for being a crap journalist – wrote autobiographical books which, on close examination, have proved to be complete fiction."
"Some fun stats:"
"They go into the army - all these children of ours and we know they don't all come out. It is the most terrifying of thoughts that plague us all year and cripple us on this day. It is all of us – standing there on one side of this little divider every year – there on that side up in front, the bereaved families, and here behind them and that little dividing wall the city put up to give them their space. We stand supporting them, remembering the boy we also knew just a little. We watch his mother walk up the steps and light the memorial flame and are amazed that she can put one foot in front of the other; that she doesn't cry out, but as she comes down the steps, there is a break and quietly, she raises her hand and wipes her eyes."
"Imtithal: It’s the magic of having a common goal."
"Get beer lines."
"This book spoke to me. I have never been diagnosed with depression but so many of the things that she was saying I could relate too. I was also understanding for the first time how my sister's mind works. (She was diagnosed with bi-polar some years ago)"
"Before the flop, I went all in with my pair of queens, another guy went all in on his pair of jacks...and Todd calls us, with his fucking pair of kings. A train wreck was clearly about to ensue. I was about to bow gracefully to the birthday boy and withdraw from the game, when the cards are flipped...to reveal a queen. So, I got three of a kind, which knocked the other guy out, and mortally wounded Todd. (I would like to tell you that I handled this like a very gracious winner, and that I did not shriek at the top of my lungs and jump up and down. But that would be a lie.) After that, it was pretty much all over. Damn, that was fun. I'm sorry, Todd. But damn, that was fun."
"I don’t know why I didn’t like it the first time and that would have made an interesting post. I thought that the lines were cheesy, perhaps? But all cylinders fired off in repeat viewings and I don’t know why it took me this long for me to love this movie."
"Hi Folks,"
"04 Philadelphia Bluntz-Shakey Shakey (Red Snapper RMX)"
"Here we have Ritsu's drum set."
"All that we are,"
"Then….step three is to nominate 7 people to do likewise, so no fair ducking and hiding or pretending you don’t hear me asking you to do this…besides its harmless fun!"
"Don't get me wrong, I'm always glad for a sale. I love all my customers. It's just, I'm not a mindless computer. It isn't, click this button, I'll take your money and you can immediately download your file. I think I was also annoyed because this forced me to realize that I had to go into every listing for a pattern in my shop and add to the last line so it now reads \"PDF will be emailed to you within 24 hours after payment is recieved.\" Thankfully, there are only nine pattern listings at the moment."
"Last night I went to bed at 9:30. A friend gave me a book the other day and while it’s cheesy and I’m ashamed to admit it, I can’t put it down. I was still reading this ridiculous bodice-ripper at 1:30 am. R was shocked. Haven’t been up that late in what feels like centuries."
"First up is a beer, from the home of Harley-Davidson and the Fonz—Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Milwaukee, with a mean January temperature of 23ºF, is the warmest location we'll be visiting on this trip—Although factor in the windchill off Lake Michigan and it's a whole new ballgame. My beer of choice from this icy locale is Lakefront Brewery's IPA. This beer really has become one of my favorites and I'd go as far as to say it's become my go-to IPA. Speaking of IPAs, I think IPAs get a bad wrap as \"summer beers.\" Sure, I enjoy a nice hop bomb in July, but there's something great about a crisp, hoppy IPA to shake-up those long nights during the dead of winter, too. Lakefront's IPA hits the mark. It pours hazy gold, with an amazing, rocky head that seems to not dissipate throughout the drink. It smells of grapefruit and mango with a subtle caramel sweetness. Its tart and dry, especially in the back of the throat; with more of that citrus quality, mingling with a bready, biscuity, mellow sweetness. There's a perfect bitterness to this one—not overwhelming, but with enough of a zap to make you smile. This beer is bright, refreshing and the perfect choice to help warm up any of the dozens of gray winter days you might have ahead of you."
"13. Make a career of your activism: Seek employment in an activist or volunteer group. Get a job with an NGO (or start your own), which is a new type of social institution, of recent evolution, which seeks to function as a new social check, and also to provide services to those groups that have been ignored, which are not deemed important enough by the powers that be. A specific area that still needs a lot of work, and therefore where there should be a lot of growth and opportunity in the future, is in the international coordination of activism, to offset international institutional collusion."
"why is it happening? To be truly genocide there needs to be intent. Is there really a mass conspiracy by evil people determined to destroy the white race? The acts are deliberate, but is their inevitable outcome their purpose? Or are there other factors, other agendas and other motives which have brought us to where we are?"
"Never make your self-worth dependent on them."
"Women in this male-dominated world are all secretaries, whom the males are reminded, should are not be treated like toys—but nonetheless are. In today's world, it is clear that the efficient and trustworthy Miss Jones, the smart Smitty, and the quick-plotting Rosemary would be at the head of the World Wide Wicket Company instead of out bowling or wickedly spinning webs to find husbands. But in 1961...well, those gender lines were at the musical's satirical heart. Today the plot appears somewhat as a stale joke with little resonance."
"This Ritual is amazing in its own and i have seen many people who has got the benefit out of it."
"In counting all our tears and sighs?"
"Why do I still have no patience with the twins fighting with each other? Why do I yell so much? Why raise my voice when I don\"t have to?"
"Sharia rocked forward and stumbled to her feet, and found an open pit where he once stood. Far below, the captain lay in a contorted jumble. She looked back to see the belt buckle, smeared with her blood, and noticed a small jewel, a ruby perhaps, depressed in its center. The ringing grew louder and she looked up to see the two remaining knights come stumbling down the hallway, clutching at each other like children, arms and armor momentarily forgotten. When they saw the princess they found their swords and their courage, and their eyes hardened into flashing diamonds in the flickering lamplight. Here was a foe they were worthy to face."
"There's probably a Thai girl behind that tiger"
"A YouTube poster, whom we shall not call out and \"honor\" by name except as Mr. YouTube, has made a travesty of this material - not by posting the music, but by the presentation and his utter callous disregard for the sensitivity and nature of these recordings - by his series of YouTube posts featuring (most) of these recordings."
"Postscript: A short while ago, I interviewed Hamilton Leithauser, lead singer for the band the Walkmen. Their latest album is called \"Lisbon\" (and lordy it's good, great retro sounds in the studio plus Hamilton's warm, wheezy ways with his voice). \"We went there twice while recording the record,\" he told me, speaking of Lisbon. \"Titling the record that just made sense in our minds. It's such a unique place, so incredible looking. It has its own feel, like nowhere else in the world. It's sort of out of the way, without the big museums and stuff to draw tourists. ... It felt like us, like someplace we could understand. It has its own feel. It's sort of out of the way. There aren't museums, etc., that draw you in like other places. The way it's laid out — it's built on a valley that leads down to the ocean. It's just this big swath of tile, little streets and beautiful buildings — nothing grand, just small joys. The whole city is built for cafe culture, with outdoor terraces all looking over the downtown on all sides. Great views wherever you go. I don't remember drinking tea there, but I could see it happening, on all those terraces. Good port, though. This special dish there is a nasty salty cod — it's gross, so salty you can't believe they eat it.\""
"If anyone else is interested in organizing with me, I would love to hear what you are working on. One of the reasons that I actually posted this was to help me stay on track. I have a very bad habit of getting bored and not finishing what I started. I just want to say a big Thank-You to all that take the time to post - it truly does keep me motivated!!!"
"Really, tricksters are a lot like kids: they think in unique ways, not yet locked in by society's assertions; they delight in pranks; they are selfish, yet unexpectedly kind. A child is the ultimate trickster."
"Nietzsche’s overall attitude towards the theses of The Genealogy is contradictory. He exposes quite neatly and perceptively how so many supposedly noble ideas – good, evil, guilt, conscience, justice, purity, selflessness, etc. – are really methods of torment and cruelty concocted so as to maintain and defend oppression and inequality. Yet at the same time, he is clearly more enthusiastic about inequality and oppression than about almost anything else – his whole philosophy is geared towards a love for anyone who can and will treat other people like dirt and control them. And so in this sense his ‘unmasking’ of moral fictions is really a defense of them."
"Stitcher's Guild has been my A-Number One teacher"
"Now wrap that two-layered single fold to the front of the quilt,"
"What’s the best thing and worst thing about being a writer?"
"5. You're at a party and see a gorgeous girl.. She walks up to you and says: 'You are very rich! Will you marry me?' - That's Brand Recognition"
"Howdy!....hope all of you are doing well! Just dropping in to say Hello. Over to the right I have the link for Snickerdoodle dreams. I have joined a \"paper bag swap\". We have to send 2 fat quarters, a skein of DMC floss and what ever other kind of things we want. It can be buttons, ribbon, rick rack, scrapbook supplies. My swap partner will then make what ever she wants with the things I send to her and visa versa....we then send back and get a great surprise. Can't wait to see the outcome. I haven't sent my stuff yet, I don't have mine all put together yet."
"The other night was a little different – the case she opened with began last Saturday morning in Tucson, Arizona – an adorable 6-year old girl went missing sometime through the night."
"Thanks !"
"DORO, the queen of heavy metal, has just revealed some details on the upcoming EP „Raise Your Fist In The Air“ which will be released August 3, 2012. The EP will contain the following songs and will be issued on CD, vinyl and as digital download:"
"Making a balance"
"And when he had said these things, as they were looking on, he was lifted up, and a cloud took him out of their sight. And while they were gazing into heaven as he went, behold, two men stood by them in white robes, and said, “Men of Galilee, why do you stand looking into heaven? This Jesus, who was taken up from you into heaven, will come in the same way as you saw him go into heaven.” Acts 1:9-11"
"03 - Things Have Changed"
"If you had the choice, where would you live"
"Bali Rai asked, \"Are we creating a fear of YA fiction in parents and schools?\" His new book Honour Killing is making a huge impact in the British Asian community and opening doors for discussion about this difficult issue amongst teenagers all over the country. This is a very controversial area that was little known about until only a few years ago. Books can open the door for teenagers to engage in such issues. Shannon Park backed this up by saying, \"There has never been a time when YA books have been more relevant.\" In relation to the book, Thirteen Reasons Why by Jay Asher, dealing with teenage suicide, Shannon quoted a teenager who told Asher, \"I may not have been here if I had not read your book.\" What a powerful endorsement of reading!"
"¼ c rice vinegar"
"More than just a British affair, people from all around the globe have their eyes on the event. It’s just like something straight out of the fairytales – a prince marrying the woman he loves, despite the fact that she is a commoner in the eyes of the aristocracy – and we all know how much appeal fairytales have regardless of time and location. In these hard economic times, everybody’s looking for a bit of fluff. And what can be more romantic than an elaborate festival celebrating the union of two people in love – one of them true-blue royalty to boot?"
"A few rashers of pancetta, sliced"
"Copenhagen is truly wonderful, but at the time this year I will be touring some other low countries. Beer festivals will not be missed, however. A well-reputed student festival in Vilvoorde, a new beer fest in St Olen in Belgian Limburg (that I may have to forego, though), and a Meibockfestival in Amsterdam's Helicopterstraat (at De Prael brewery) makes sure that the Low Countries remain a highlight even in the high season of European beer festivals."
"In fact, that’s what I’m here to talk about today. If you’ve been following regularly, you know that I’ve had some misgivings about the viability of Monday Morning Blues & Banjo Friday as ongoing series. But until very recently I didn’t realize or admit to myself that all other considerations aside, I really need a break from the fixed posting schedule of those two series. I’ve written many posts about the blues & the banjo since Robert Frost’s Banjo began in 2008; there are 76 posts with the “banjo” label & 134 posts labelled “blues.” Especially with my own musical life being in more than a little flux, I'm not sure what more I have to say on either subject right now!"
"and anything"
"‘The materials sent to me indicate one of the strangest phenomenon in my memory,’ said the then US Attorney General Griffin Bell in a letter to senator Harrison Schmitt, according to The Sun newspaper.”"
"The veil has been torn and the grave is empty. And I have faith something beyond all expectation is waiting for me. This is, after all, the same God who brought Cora's file to us."
"The important thing I learned from this exercise is that we are motivated ultimately by feelings and not by happenings. Our motivation doesn’t come from outside events but our reaction to it. This is really powerful. Once you find out what your motivator is and you realise that you have complete control over your own emotions and feelings do you think you can use that in some way?"
"This social context sheds much light on the crisis facing the bride and groom at the wedding feast of Cana. But it also gives us insight into Mary’s role in this scene. Mary is the first to notice the impending disaster. She alone is aware of what is about to unfold, and she brings this crisis to the one person who can solve the problem: Jesus."
"Suddenly you realize murder is at your elbow! - and there's no way out!"
"Insiders have confirmed that the payments from the Ting Pek King connected company Borion Enterprise Ltd into Chia’s accounts are indeed related to the timber concessions granted to Simon Ling by Yayasan Sabah and to Simon Ling’s management of Chia companies, of which he is the effective concession-holder."
"Support Feed Foundation’s “Hungry in America” Sunday night with delicious food and drinks at Tom Colicchio’s Colicchio + Sons hosted by Tom himself and Natalie Portman. General admission is $250, but if you spring for $750 more you can show up an hour before other guests (6pm) where Tom will be cooking front and center. 85 10th Avenue. Check it out at the feed foundation’s site."
"“Beijing is defined by congestion, lack of public spaces, discontinuous neighborhoods,” writes Michael Meyer, author of the excellent The Last Days of Old Beijing: Life in the Vanishing Backstreets of a City Transformed (2008). Which this post is all about."
"Remember Stanislaw Lem (from this post)? Well, in 1960, he had a short story, \"IJON TICHY'S MEMORIES,\" in which a scientist creates an entire virtual world (and, evidently, traps people within it). Trapped in this virtual world is another scientist who creates a virtual world. Yes, within the first one."
"by Soeren Kern"
"Honestly, this is the easiest pizza crust I have ever made and tastes amazing. You have to try it! You will be so proud of yourself for making pizza from scratch and will be thrilled with the results. Your relationship with your local pizza parlor may come to an abrupt end as a result. As Martha would say \" It's a Good Thing\". Yes, it is."
"Test 3:"
"For your next beach vacation, select only the best in Playa del Carmen. Truly take pleasure in your rest and relaxation in this deluxe two bedroom top-floor suite. This fabulous condo overlooks the awe-inspiring waters of the Caribbean."
"Fleming, Denise."
"ODIs- 262, Wickets- 416, Avg- 23.84, 4W- 27, Best- 7/36"
"Brigitte Cookie Cutter"
"In Hong Kong : ‘Girl Gone Wild’ by Madonna"
"nobody would run away from home to go do drugs."
"b. Ryan Reynolds before his transformation"
"This crucial period has become a promising new target for prevention, raising hopes of conquering public health scourges like obesity and heart disease by intervening before birth. By “teaching” fetuses the appropriate lessons while they’re still in utero, we could potentially end vicious cycles of poverty, infirmity and illness and initiate virtuous cycles of health, strength and stability."
"MH: Why giants?"
"Flair said that Garrett has stumbled into this promo, and to every single person in the ring, Eric Bischoff is responsible for all of them being in TNA."
"auhm is the name of my solo project. (ambience guitar player and songwriter Youn Sung Hoon - better known as the primary guitar player of Donawhale)"
"I'm still alive! Sorry I've been so MIA lately the holidays were CRAZY!"
"Ahhh.. i really want to scream out loud. Why do i always have to hear their fighting?? I just want to have a normal live. Is that really too much for me to ask?"
"And so we have this melding of memoir and fiction. How much of it is either of those two things is impossible to tell, although the vast majority of what we read would seem to be based very much in fact. Ignoring the sensation with which the books are accompanied (and given that most of that comes from his writing about his ex-wife who barely merits a mention in this first volume) what we seem to have at the beginning is a writer writing about the process of writing, whilst we read what he has written. But Knausgaard the writer drops away from the foreground and what we have really is Knausgaard the rememberer. Looking back on an adolescence of experiment with drink (alcohol looms large in the book as a whole and the contrast between the youthful excitement around it and the degradation it causes in later life is sharp), fumbles with girls, embarrassing attempts at making music, there is something a bit directionless about the first half of the book. One thing I did pick up on was the way the adult Knausgaard is now able to appreciate when looking back to his childhood how different his days were to his father's."
"Happy days!"
"apart"
"Links on Rail Tickets and Passes"
"Good version of an American Brown. Not a sexy style, but a solid beer."
"The exhibit examines the use of vernacular photography including the changes technological advances such as roll film and digital photography has had on the family album. In the days of film, family photographs frequently consisted of milestone moments such as graduations, weddings, and portraits. Contemporary albums include everyday photographs, including snapshots from mobile phones. The exhibit illustrates the uses of personal photography, how and why we take photographs, as well as how photography is used to document biographical experience."
"So when my boyfriends sister said she loved my pictures and asked if I would take some of her new baby I jumped at the offer."
"I’m not looking to start any conflict with users or owners of the site/service either. The purpose here is to alert legitimate PayPal users as to the risks involved as well as the utter dishonesty and hypocrisy when it comes to PayPal, their policies, practices etc."
"I lead a pretty stress free life, most of the time."
"She is beautiful, so beautiful."
"Berimbrown is an internationally acclaimed Brazilian Congo pop band. The name of the group references the berimbau, the Afro-Brazilian musical bow associated with capoeira, the Afro-Brazilian martial art-dance-game, and James Brown, the African-American soul musician. The band’s sound demonstrates the cultural dynamism of how music from the African Diaspora grew into the sounds of the Latin American music in the present day. It is also reflective of the vibrancy and cultural dynamism taking place in Minas Gerais, Brazil through the effort of groups like Berimbrown."
"01 Something Outside"
"It’s been a day of successes, small and large. On the small but important hand, I filed my taxes. So early! How Mature! On a larger scale, my review at work was a roaring success. Fantastic. Grandly, I applied for a job I’d actually like to take but that was far far away and took a lot of courage."
"It's tempting to describe the different genres of seventies rock in broad strokes - prog (widdly-wanky-woo), glam (thump, crunch, yeah!), hard rock (devils, witches, blues guitar, screeches and wails) and art rock (synthesisers squelch, vocals brood and yearn, unexpected ambient interludes). In reality, the scene was rather more confused and disorientated than that, and elements of any of these noises tended to make themselves present in many discs. The Sweet, for example, loved to play around with hard rock on B-sides when they got the chance, and the line between art rock and prog rock was often blurred - lest we forget, Davy O'List of The Nice was in the early line-up of Roxy Music."
"The sweet magazine I shoot photo's for-Simply the Sweet Life Magazine -is soon to launch it's kids and teen issue. Before that happens-they are having a incredible contest that starts today and runs through the month of February. There are some awesome companies involved-with amazing prizes (and they get better and better)."
"Then right after I took it, the penguin opened his mouth and chundered. But not like human chunder, more a casual allowance of the mashed up semi-digested fish guts to fall out of his mouth."
"Narhanhan"
"Allister: Anything that has desperation and Soul! A lot of 70's punk. As well as other stuff like The Troggs. Pretty Things, King Khan & BBQ Show, The Gruesomes"
"So what's happened over the last week? Probably hundreds of interesting things but I heard the new Twilight Sad song so I'm going to talk about that because I always talk about stupid or annoying things so this time round I'm going to talk about something I like."
"In 154 pages of hilarious writing, the first three books of the Twilight saga are parodied. We follow the story of Belle Goose and her romance with Edwart Mullen. Belle is pale and clumsy, and upon her arrival in Switchblade, Oregon, she’s looking for an undead classmate to hang around with."
"Registers were soon ringing again as bags marched out the door for $29.99 a kilo. Olive oil tastings and a musical duo offering further lingerings to the 150+ crowd passing through. Quote of the day came from a woman sampling the lorded cheese, who exclaimed, sarcasm free, “That’s awesome cheese! Tastes like stinky feet”."
"It's not just vaccinations that are believed to cause Autism. Some believe it's genetic and some believe environmental factors are to blame. What I didn't know is that Autism isn't necessarily just a mental disorder. Children suffering from Autism often are extremely ill with horrible diarrhea, up to 10 times a day! As well as problems digesting foods, colon problems, and multiple allergies. There's a symptom called the Leaky Gut and I don't even want to get into that. ;("
"Men have this ……propensity to skin a cat…….anyway they can…….rules be damned. Breakin the rules…….takin a risk…….. Playin it safe doesn’t get you in the highlight reel. I think it’s important for women to understand that. Growing up…..boys aren’t applauded by their dads for being conservative. In fact …..boys are typically belittled if their efforts aren’t up to par. I see a lot of mixed messages. Moms….try desperately to make their sons “stand still” and dads who try to make them run faster. It doesn’t surprise me that boys turn out to be men that will ultimately let you down. I admit it. We’re not very smart. Give us conflicting signals and were sure to disappoint you when you want us to be generous, kind, and trustworthy material. LOL clear message? FAIL."
"The photographs of the EDL in the Daily Star article burning a swastika flag whilst various members of various races stood around in balaclavas and EDL black shirts with the same symbols on them reminded me of the UVF or the UDA."
"9: It's A tweakers paradise unlike all other playback formats."
"No matter where she goes."
"No doubt you’re familiar with the story. Elijah had challenged the 400 prophets of Baal to prove who was real: Baal or God. And, of course, God won the contest! Everyone in the nation turned back to God."
"In addition to the writing myths that kept springing up, the dialogue was pretty terrible, which would have been unbearable if it hadn't given us more ammunition. A few examples: one of the characters described their mental state as \"I guess I went a little nuts!\" which I cannot imagine was early-to-mid 19th century jargon. Poe is also referred to as an alcoholic, when it's commonly thought the term wasn't used until 1849...the year he died. Of alcoholism! Or not...by then I'd lost all interest in the fate of Cusack-Poe. No interest in him. No interest in the heroine's fate. No interest in whodunnit. No interest in THE POOR WOMAN he was trying to save FROM THE CLUTCHES OF A MAD KILLER. Nope, I'm out. I'm just gonna steal more popcorn and stoically endure. C'mon, end credits!"
"Hilarious. At one point I was laughing so hard it hurt and I didn't know if I'd ever be able to recover."
"So family and friends, I would love for volunteers to pick a letter and spend the next... year, 9 months, whatever it ends up being, working on a letter for us. If you happen to want to pick the letter that your name starts with, even cooler."
"We got to the trailhead around 3 pm and set off. The first part of the trail winds through an area that was heavily settled before the park. You can still see evidence of human habitation like rock walls and stairs, and there's the Ownby cemetary that's still maintained by the family."
"He does this by mercilessly destroying her with sharp, pointed, cutting words, breaking her faith and dropping her to the floor, shattered and crying."
"Flawed and irritating characters belong in fiction. But characters who are poorly written or who are repulsive to most readers deserve to be shunned. Yet, keep in mind that some characters, no matter how abhorrent, can make compelling stories."
"How would YOU handle this? Would you bait the suspect so you can catch 'em red handed, therefore being justified in banning them from your home forever and ever, Amen? Or would you just assume that whoever it is must be pretty desperate and write it off as charity?"
"90) My dad was an engineer, mechanic, and all-around handyman type, and I always wanted to learn. Whenever I tried to get him to teach me things, he would tell me to go help my mother, and then he would make my brother come out to help. I finally learned to just not talk, stay on the sidelines, and learn by observing. I don't know why my dad was like that with me, as I was his favorite kid, and he definitely didn't think that chores or tasks fell along male/female lines. Years later, I'm still puzzling over that one."
"Bingo Alphabet & All My Love stamp sets"
"Now remember this is for you to make for your family, friends, charity and not for resale! Please be nice and respect that so I can keep sharing patterns with you, for FREE! Next up I'll have newborn and adult sizes."
"Judge: The jury will not consider this in their verdict. Continue Goo."
"Also even long after you have given up, be prepared for the occasion twinge of sadness when it strikes you that you will never light up after a good meal or a cup of coffee again. For some, that sadness will never leave you. My darling mother once said that a smoker never becomes a non-smoker, they merely become smokers who are not smoking at the moment. Like me, she was a committed smoker who would invariably light a cigarette before making a telephone call, but, unlike me, she was born into an age where everyone smoked, and they all thought it was good for them."
"2. Tell us something interesting about yourself."
"And it is definitely a disadvantage."
"Our two horizontal air flow condensing unit product lines are now available with Tecumseh hermetic compressors in High, Medium and Low temperature applications using R407C and R404A refrigerants. Capacity ranges from 1/2 to 6Hp offer a complete product line up."
"Earlier today I spend several hours outside to different Job Centres in Cardiff leafleting for the Youth Fight for Jobs (YFJ) demonstration on Wednesday at the Welsh Assembly. As such a had the opportunity to discuss politics with a lot of people as they were hanging around waiting for their appointments in the job centre. I heard the same thing from each person I spoke to. The anger was most certainly there but so was the demoralisation."
"‘Christina Hendricks is absolutely fabulous. We need more of these role models,’ she added."
"Long gone are the days of surfing in the morning before school with my Dad, practising dressage manoeuvres at riding school, dancing 5 – 6 days a week at ballet school… So many amazing moments and stories (you’ll have to keep following – a lady likes to take her time letting people get to know her)…"
"which made us realize how much EASIER just 2 kids are,"
"See the Father’s day"
"Tortuga: That's what I do! See! I do love her. (Pause) Corazon, YOU don't cry when she leaves or worry that she might have an accident and never come back. YOU don't love her."
"I smile to myself and change the song on my iPod."
"3. Subscribe to Frugal Mommy of 2 Girls."
"Those were the good memories. And I have so many more..."
"And looking back now"
"Advance tickets cost $35. Tickets at the door are $65."
"Chapter One - Winners"
"A few minutes later, I left the hospital with the suspicion that I had somehow been violated by a small cabal of people masquerading as health-care professionals."
"If you cross the Iranian Border illegally you are detained indefinitely."
"Jill pulls Ramoner aside and says \"it's not really dog food!\" and then explains to the camera that she lives to mess with Brad. Poor Brad. He probably slipped off to the bathroom and had some bulimia."
"Our tradition holds that RSi atharvan discovered the fire. He found the way by which fire could be produced with araNi sticks and that he systematized it in a way that the other rishis could easily replicate this process. Then, our tradition tells us that Viswamitra विश्वामित्र learned it and introduced this mechanism for quickly starting up this fire into the Rg Veda. See : Atharvan discovered the fire. Viswamitra Institutionalised it"
"I am struggling with a very tough decision. It is moments like this where I wish life were much more of the 'cookie cutter mindset'."
"All will not go smoothly?"
"Scrappen is still my favorte, bud it likes that I have less time to this."
"The winner of the 1 digi file is # 4 Jenn Zeeb"
"There is nothing like it! This method of training beats slow moderate cardio any day. The reason this method of training works so well is because you use more energy and burn more fat and calories in the shortest amount of time!"
"Schedules!"
"Nope...too busy watching kidlets in the pool."
"May the joy of Christmas morning hold new meaning tomorrow. May tomorrow's sunrise represent more than just another Christmas Day to you, and may you drink it in day after day after day into the New Year."
"Then came portable devices with headphones, ah headphones. I could move away from everyone with headphones. The music could fill my head leaving absolutely no room for the things that hurt or bothered me. It was different than just listening to music on the record player when I could still hear my mom thump on the wall and yell “Turn that crap off”. And now the walkman, it let “me” be portable, although it was clumsy, it was portable. I WAS PORTABLE! I could not only fill my head with these songs, but I could walk away! Oh the power! It took some work getting to a favorite song, but it was worth it. And now, the iPod! All the songs instantly available to fill my head and heart, removing any unwanted emotion. Music was my therapist."
"Today will be such an exciting day because we have the RA Banquet and the theme is hollywood. This means I am getting super dressed up today! On top of that my boss is working tonight and I made over one hundred cookies last night to bring around to public safety and the other RA’s that will be on =)."
"In light of Sarah's piece above, an interesting historical fact relative to Enoch Powell's famous \"Rivers of Blood Speech\": the night of the speech and in the days that followed, Powell's office was flooded with thousands of telegrams and hundreds of letters. Ninety-seven percent were in support of Powell and his message. And yet the elites in the British government not only silenced Powell by removing him from his MP post, they also did the exact opposite of Powell, the anti-elites and the vast majority of British society were calling for, namely steep reductions in Third World immigration."
"“ANJ Agri has a commitment to deliver quality products that are environmentally-friendly, while adhering to best management practices that achieve excellent performance, ensure good employees welfare and empower the community as equal partners.”"
"Welp, that’s all for today. See you next week ^_^."
"~Add a ribbon, a belt or other decorative element; why not draw attention where you want it?"
"“According to the BMA, ‘The right to the highest attainable standard of physical & mental health is a fundamental human right, protected by International Law.’ Are UK citizens to believe we obtain the highest standard of health for patients with ME, classified by the WHO since 1969 as a Neurological Illness, by abandoning them to the mercy of biased Psychiatrists who psychologise ME & declare without evidence or justification that ME Sufferers are ‘Malingerers’ & ‘The Undeserving Sick of our society’. Are these Doctors exempt from the first tenet of medicine, ‘First Do No Harm’? What of our Government, apparently theirs is ‘The obligation to protect’ as such there is ‘a duty of the state to prevent violations of the right to health by others.’ Why is the UK Government failing in its duty to protect ME Patients health from these violations? In fact they are complicit by allowing the unconscionable denigration of such Doctors to perpetrate serious iatrogenic harm on patients! In light of the BMA’s ‘Right To Health’, why do the Medical Establishment & the Government continue to ignore the thousands of International Research papers demonstrating that ME is a serious biomedical illness, recently linked to a Retrovirus? Why is the UK Government letting biased rhetoric & vested interests control Public Health Policy, MRC research funding & the media via the Science Media Centre,in the process discriminating against the neurologically ill? In doing so the Government is neglecting its legal obligation & its moral duty, flouting both in favour of the flawed ideology of Doctors to whom the best advice one can give is ‘Physician, heal thyself! The UK is fast becoming an International laughing stock over this situation, it is a Human Rights Travesty & our country deserves better!” Geraldine Hannaway, Glasgow; sick for 28 years"
"Roberts is a masterful storyteller in how she develops her characters. I can see why she has written so many books. She does a great job of building the back story behind the characters. However, what made this story hard for me was that I didn't really like the main character, Mackensie Elliot (aka \"Mac\") very much. I couldn't get behind her to root for her and the issues that she was facing with her family and her relationships. There were many points of the book that I just wanted to say to Mac, \"Get over it!\""
"?Choose warm or cool mist for customizable comfort?"
"25. A picture of your favorite day"
"See you all soon....xx"
"The facts remain. Nine lives have been irrevocably altered by what transpired. The truth of the situation, only they know. Our duty is to see that never again in our lifetimes do we see a repeat of something so ugly, and yes, painful."
"Other: Inkido- klart embossingpulver"
"Did you think I was nice all the time? Sorry to burst your bubble."
"They knew of each other in High School, but didn't officially meet until a car show in their Home town."
"F. Favorite color: Pink"
"Height 97 ft"
"The liberal elites — mainline churches, universities, elements of the media, labor leaders — have been complicit in these sad developments. Unable to ameliorate the naked self-interest of financial and corporate elites, they have clung to their own small privileges while no longer serving a useful role. They simply do not deliver for the broad population as they used to do, and in failing to do so they have become despised by many in the working and middle classes. As Chris Hedges puts it,"
"I just love the whole atmosphere surrounding darts. As sportsmen (and I refuse to get into that debate as to whether darts is a sport or not, it is, end of!!) the players seem down-to-earth and approachable, unlike some footballers, for example, who seem to carry an air of aloofness around with them that few are anywhere near worthy of. And it was this down-to-earth nature and approachability that made me realise I could quite easily write a novel incorporating my favourite sport and know that the characters would be realistic, that people could identify with them because they're just normal people with a sporting talent."
"or so I've heard."
"Adeline goes on a drive in 1955 with a guy she's just met."
"I sort of created the recipe for my Ginger Lemon Sandwich Cookies, which was inspired by both a ginger-lime sandwich cookie served at a cooking class I attended earlier in December, and some really wonderful ginger molasses spice cookies that were the favor at my friends Peter and Natatia's wedding in October (you might remember, I ate Korean Fried Chicken shortly before they walked down the aisle. Romantic!). Amazingly, Natatia made approximately 1,200 cookies for all of her guests - thanks, Tash!"
"That’s why Paul says, “Don’t worry about anything…pray about it and then focus on things that are good, happy, cheerful, etc.”"
"30 Nov 2010, 11:00"
"My survival was the result of planning, discipline and luck. I planned what I was going to eat and drink. I was disciplined enough not to throw caution completely to the wind. And I was lucky that some of my trigger foods were not in any of the suites."
"A big \"thank you\" goes to the brilliant team at BBH Labs for tearing themselves away from their test tubes and centrifuges to develop this amazing idea. We think it demonstrated to the world how technology can be harnessed to help those less fortunate than us become walking, talking Airport Extremes."
"I have just finished this one with the help of my sisters stash. This one will suit my son for his birthday in June as he loves Strawberry cake and champagne!!!!"
"She saw her father kissing me."
"Not so long ago, he told us that the new party, the Congress of the People, was like poisonous snakes. But he later changed the metaphor to say, in fact, the ANC was the snake."
"Goo: (Goo appears incoherent and begins to babble) Neanderthals used tools of the Mousterian class, which were often produced using soft hammer percussion, with hammers made of materials like bones, antlers, and wood, rather than hard hammer percussion, using stone hammers. A result of this is that our bone industry was relatively simple. However, there is good evidence that Neanderthals routinely constructed a variety of stone implements. Neanderthal Mousterian tools most often consisted of sophisticated stone-flakes, task-specific hand-axes and spades…lots of fun stuff. Many of these tools were very sharp."
"A $40+ bill is steep for three sandwich lunches without much appeal. We don't think we'll be going back, despite the lure of the lovely deck setting. Friends have told me dinner is much better. Maybe Chef Manso is more vested in the evening meals, there certainly didn't seem to be a culinary anyone around at lunch time."
"Gretchen and her brother, after having their sister stolen away by a vicious, hungry witch that they unwisely sought out in a dark forest several years previously, are not in the best of mental health. But since this book does not particularly target the issue of mental health, they are packed off onto a road trip with the vague destination of the ocean. However, not mental trauma but car troubles take them only as far as tiny, old-fashioned town, stuck behind the times by the barricade of trees which in turn hide many dangerous creatures, like racoons and rabbits and werewolves, or so I’m told. Stranded though they might be, they don’t seem to have any intention of leaving, drawn in not only by the delicious whiff but the kind and welcoming personality of Sophia Kelly, a lonely girl who runs a chocolatier. There might be a reason why she has so few friends, or it might be unfounded but I can assure that something is not entirely as it seems in this quant, back-water town. In retrospect, this town really needs a therapist."
"I was intending to write today of some scandalous news I have recieved from a contact in the United Kingdom. It concerns a well known anarchist leader from Badfort and his relationship with a young lady student whilst he was engaged in 'teaching' political studies at St.Andrews University (in Scotland) during 2001."
"Voting ends 18th May"
"Metal Detecting"
"When her husband comes home, he is filled with a rage at the woman’s betrayal and says to her that because she disobeyed his orders and allowed her curiosity to run rampant over her, she has uncovered his terrible secret and so must die. Naturally, however, the young wife’s brothers arrive just in time to save their sister from her bloody fate."
"You don’t know it all. Fuck up. You don’t even know the half of it. Don’t watch a fucking movie and draw comparisons to something where comparisons don’t exist."
"He was bleeding from the insertion sites fairly heavily, so they had to apply pressure for a little while, and they will continue to watch for potential blood clots and signs of internal bleeding."
"You can get an idea of what will be in the box....some similar items."
"…It’s just that Brad is cynical enough about the supreme court and the political aspects of the decision that he thinks enough justices will be able to argue themselves into ignoring the constitution and doing what they want to do, rather than what is right."
"Monday Marketplace @ Common Ground"
"An hour."
"“He felt like a man who, chasing rainbows, has had one of them suddenly turn and bite him in the leg.”"
"So in the middle of realizing that school is really just a babysitting service, I became militant. I realized that public school is like Social Security. There is no money to do what we are pretending we are aiming to do. We should just grow up and admit that we cannot have effective public schools for everyone. Just like we cannot have Social Security for everyone."
"Well if Niger had a tiny population and billions of barrels of oil, I'm sure it's people could take a year off to pop out kids. This is about economics and how some countries are more lucky than other with resources."
"We finally arrived at the Blue Diamond Hotel so we paid the taxi driver, who tried to get more money from us, but we held firm on the meter price. We checked in, and they informed us that they were overbooked so we would be put in the VIP suite for the evening and then moved to our reserved room the next day. Wow! Now things were looking up. The room was on the top floor and very spacious. We quickly changed clothes and headed out to dinner as it was now 8:30 p.m., and we had not eaten any dinner. We walked around the block but saw nothing that caught our interest so we decided to return to the hotel and just order room service instead. We ordered sea bass and baby-back ribs and waited for about 30 minutes. Finally, our food arrived, and we sat down to eat it. Unfortunately, the food had cooled off, but the bass and the ribs were excellent. We relaxed for the rest of the evening in our luxurious surroundings."
"Mountain Sun/Southern Sun/Vine Street - Three locations in Boulder and Denver with good beer made in house, as well as a nice selection of guest beers. Affordable food, live music, hippie vibe, CASH ONLY. Try to go during Stout Month, its pretty awesome."
"A knot formed in her stomach. How could this moment be wrong, Matt is everything I want. He’s really likes me. Jeez ….stop being a worrywart."
"I don't know if the old-fashioned irises from the country home where I'd been raised had been planted by the folks who built the old house in 1865, or if my paternal grandmother had planted them there in the 1920's when my family had lived there a few years. The spot where I planted some of those irises at my home got adequate sunshine when I planted them there 30 years ago. My oak trees have grown a lot since then, so now the irises are mostly shaded. I've known for some time that they need moved, but now that may be unnecessary."
"Later when I chose to be a teacher I knew that I wanted to be a teacher that made learning fun, like my own former teacher. I find many teachers are scared of math. Probably because most people aren't what they would consider good at math or it is their least favorite subject. Today I want to share with you guys a few ways to help make math more fun and interesting for your students."
"Anyway, I just wanted to write this real quick while I had the chance. I’ll be writing soon!"
"Coming to Vidya Balan. Inspite of the sheer ballsiness of her performance, I was left a bit high and dry with her acting. Her punchlines and abuses never felt taunting enough, her helplessness and insanity never crossed the ‘filmy tragedy’ boundary and hit the gut. Maybe she is inherently too subdued for this kind of role. Her dialogue delivery is another problem. Her voice modulation is very one-note throughout. The gutsy abandon she shows in her physical performance is not evident in her rendering of dialogues. Maybe that’s being too harsh on her. Her physical performance alone deserves a standing ovation."
"Lasse"
"Molly Pitcher is one of the only ‘ordinary women’ that I really remember from junior high history class and historians aren’t even sure if she was a real women. The gist of her story (I’m going to stick with her bein’ a real lady!) is that she was a woman in the Revolutionary War who brought water out to the soldiers fighting and dying."
"It's amazing seeing creative young minds at work. Liam (2) thought it was fun just to take the beads out of their packages and count them as he put them back in there containers. Ashlynn put alot of thought into her colors and shapes as she created this bracelet. When she was finished, she beamed at me with pride as I wrapped the finishing loop so she could wear it. She said, \"Auntie Dawn, my Daddy is going to be so proud of me. I need to put this in my backpack to show him.\""
"Contact With Chaos by Michael Z Williamson (good)"
"Mortified after muffing up a mummy,"
"Jesus Christ died for the sins of the whole world, all six billion inhabitants. But the vast majority rejects that gospel and in all too many cases inflicts suffering upon the believers. God sends out His ambassadors, missionaries, pastors and Bible teachers to warn the wicked of their evil says. Who listens? In some countries these faithful men and women of God are imprisoned, punished, and in some cases, beheaded for their faith and faithfulness. The majority demands or at least condones this action."
"My lovely friend had popped the infamous book in Bog Boy's book bag for me to collect at the end of the day. I was waving to him merrily as he came out of class when I noticed him delve into the bag."
"Do they despair of the turbulent air"
"There is a fourth – “Passive Aggressive”"
"I start my Sky work experience tomorrow. Woop!"
"My fears are bigger than I am. And God's will is not mine, so there is not much comfort there, at all."
"As for the hardware, when it all goes up, it will look like this. We went with black for contrast. Classic knobs on the doors, and a more contemporary handle style pull on all of the drawers. These are all from Lowe's. Super cheap! They also have brushed nickel if that's your preference."
"I'm not quite sure how to begin describing it. The premise is good, but not good enough to carry me through the truly awful narrative. The writing felt rushed, the characters poorly thought out, and the plotting a total cliche. The dialogue, especially, was unnatural and contrived. \"We thought you were working on the Cure--\" or dozens of other examples, are not natural dialogue. She cuts it off AFTER the person has said what they were trying to say! Sorry, but that is one of my biggest pet peeves, and after 223 pages of it, I was very fed up."
"South Africa’s economic difficulties are placing Lesotho’s economy at a crossroads, as the government struggles to push big rocks up the mountain to balance the national budget."
"Granny Smith Road, Orchard Drive, Apple Lane were some of the roads we passed on our way to Turkey Knob Apples. The Turkey Knob brand had its beginnings in 1918 with the purchase of a 300-acre orchard near Timberville, Virginia. In 1994, Mr. Bowman purchased the orchards and packing/storage facilities, along with the Turkey Knob brand. The packing operation was completely upgraded with an all-new, state-of-the-art computerized packing line, and modernized packinghouse. Bowman Fruit Sales stores packs and sells 100% of the fresh apple production of Turkey Knob growers, which currently totals approximately 3,500 acres of apples."
"I have a dear friend Ann that I have know for 13 years now. She has been my mentor for adding a child to our family via adoption."
"Sydney took the field at Allianz Stadium on Sunday to play the Newcastle Jets. With a bid to the A-League finals hinging on a victory — the Sky Blues were tied with Newcastle for sixth place heading into the game — the “boys in blue” defeated the Jets 3-2."
"Note also that, given the small numbers of Antifa members, their feeble financial resources, and the amount of time required to organize any major action, the ability of Antifa to disrupt simultaneous or near-simultaneous events across Europe will be close to zero."
"The 2012 production of My Mama Monologues at the beautiful Sharp Auditorium in the Denver Art Museum is just a few days away. Don’t miss your opportunity to see this unique production. Stories will be presented about moms that were unflappable, moms who struggled and moms who soared. You will also see heartwarming stories about relationships that were redeemed and opportunities to say goodbye. A sneak preview of Kirk Montgomery’s story is on our Facebook page at facebook.com/MyMamaMonologuesDenver."
"\"There's no-one around, just jump down and go between some empty trains.\""
"Those are four simple questions that are going to have some complex analysis applied to them. I’m not going way into the weeds with this one but my goal here is to get you to think in an analytical manner when looking at your threat."
"It was a list of reasons to homeschool, prepared eight years ago, in anticipation of our first homeschool registration visit from an Authorised Person. I thought I'd have a fight on my hands and wanted to have my ammunition ready. As it turned out, our AP was a lovely woman who enjoyed looking at the girls' artwork and the books in our bookcase and was perfectly content for us to homeschool. After she left, I put the manifesto on the school shelf and it's been there ever since."
"A symposium for social workers, recreational therapists, care providers, artists, and seniors. On May 16th from 10 am – 4 pm at Ivy Tech Community College. To register, fill out the application here or contact the Ivy Tech Center for Lifelong Learning at 812-330-6041."
"■Willing to blog for 12 months back in Australia about the link between sustainable agriculture and food security."
"He was asked to find a solution as Harpreet was still unmarried and unwilling to go in for an abortion. He then consulted staff nurse Dalbir Kaur, known to him since long."
"You can see in the photo above, how the triangle works for the sister gnome's head dress. I stitched triangles together for the male gnomes."
"Tomato, 1 pc, cut into four"
"Next up: another dish I haven't had before,which has a beautiful sounding Chinese name 艷影紗窗 that translates in essence to \"Mysterious Beauty\" ($128HK / ~$16US). Which doesn't really tell you much about what it is, but makes sense once you see it."
"why right now? because WE JUST ORDERED HIS WALKER (it's really a gait trainer). it should be here in about 2 weeks. we got word yesterday that the insurance company approved it and the vendor said it would be ready for us in two weeks. hmm. two weeks. what else is in two weeks? justin's second birthday! we have a HUGE party planned to celebrate two wonderful years with a wonderful little boy. i cannot believe my lil boy is going to be two."
"About to cry."
"Maria , Kathrin and Anita"
"Walking back, I see no evidence of the extra income that Stevon said Mother was receiving."
"Sounds a lot like we’ll be seeing some indictments in the near future by these pack of …."
"Portuguese - It leaves please go of mine flop of wing"
"In the beginning my WHY was to earn enough money to be able to buy Thirty-One and other “fun” non-essential things without worrying about our budget or feeling guilty for spending money. When I realized that I could actually make pretty good money with Thirty-One, my WHY was expanded. I had always said that I wanted to be home with my girls in the afternoon by the time Hailey started middle school. It was a dream because I never thought it would actually be possible. I was able to go part-time at my job in the middle of Hailey’s third grade year (and I owe a lot to my boss for allowing me to do that!). Now my WHY is to continue to be able to spend more time with my family and continue on our path to being debt-free (happy to say we have NO credit cards!). My WHY is also to share this opportunity with other women to empower them to have control over their lives and their finances and to be able to achieve their dreams. I especially love helping those that are trying to find a way to stay at home with their babies. I remember sitting at my computer desk during my maternity leave searching online for a work-at-home opportunity that wasn’t a scam or a pyramid scheme. That was not in God’s plan for me at the time but His plan is always greater than our plan! As I look at my downline numbers now, I know without a doubt that I am exactly where He wants me to be and I thank Him for his many blessings!"
"\"There is only the game,\" says Shakuni, \"and it must be played out.\" Yudhishtira is a kshatriya, a warrior, and because honour is all, a warrior cannot under any circumstances refuse a challenge. So he plays the game, and all is lost, including his freedom and that of his four brothers and their adorable fearless wife Draupadi. Yes, you read"
"The New Year is bringing lots of changes for the boys and I."
"My editor at Viking suggested that I change pages around, shift the ending, and change some language that I was very attached to."
"Modern cities rely on sewers, water pipes, gas lines, rail lines, gasoline storage, bridges, roads, freeways and their overpasses to be there. 9 oil refineries were damaged beyond repair. Roads, rail lines, bridges and pipes were moved 20 feet which brought civilization to a rapid halt. Most food spoiled in the first few days after each of the 4 quakes. The loss of refrigeration was a serious blow to the supply of food but far worse was the series of 15 nuclear meltdowns. Food production was irradiated. The President of the United States had to declare a ban on the exporting of food. But many countries had already declared a ban on all imports of American food until the situation of food safety could be properly evaluated. Food prices worldwide soared causing famines, riots and revolutions throughout the world."
"This post is just a suggestion that reviews and star ratings should just be taken with a grain of salt. Looking at review behavior can give you more in-depth look at a restaurant's success. I'm using the word \"success\" loosely. You can define it however you like."
"My carbs come from things like vegetables and fruits. I eat white rice about once or twice a month. I eat sweet potatoes, white potatoes, and squash when I crave them. I cannot WAIT for cherry season, but right now I eat a lot of blackberries, plums, nectarines, and apples. We have fish around twice a week. We eat a lot of buffalo and grass fed steak we order online. We eat lamb about once a week. Standard side dishes for us are green beans, broccolini with parmesan, brussels sprouts, artichokes, and mashed pumpkin squash. We eat quite a variety of food, basically."
"Yet the album was slagged by many critics! Labels such as confused, flawed, awkward, dated, and misogynistic abounded - and those were the good reviews! I always found that last criticism a bit, odd given there were two girls in the band. Whatever! But then the same criticism gets leveled at The White Stripes."
"I think the lesson is that just because a politician says one thing, it doesn’t mean that they’re going to do it. How can we trust our government then? I think there is something seriously flawed in our political, no societal, system today when liberties are taken away, politicians aren’t called out on their lying, and the media controls how we think so that we don’t even pay attention or care. Wake up, America."
"My voice may become rebellious and say NO! Not that. Yes! This! My voice will never give up. It comes to me from the deep well, the river, the source. It is more powerful than I can imagine."
"It wasn’t until I unpacked my wheelie bag at the hotel, a mere hour before the marital vows, that I made the ill-fated discovery - a rip the size of the San Andreas fault under each arm of my 1960s embellished dress. I somehow managed to overlook these seismic gaps after wearing it to this year’s Rose of Tralee festival. If memory serves me correctly I also suffered an exploding dress in The Kingdom the year prior. Note to self: avoid Kerry."
"Concepta did find the 1821 census which has only remnants still existing. Fortunately, our Coyle family is in those remaining sections. It also has the Cunningham family with little Mary who later married Michael Coyle."
"Your lives with your longings will ever keep pace."
"Jun 22, 2011, 2 comments 3,256 Pageviews"
"As before, any difficulty for Mr Bird regarding these matters would arise from documentation showing his evidence was incorrect. However, replying that one has no knowledge of something which it turns out later one does know, can be excused as a lapse of memory, rather than as a lie."
"“Yes; — that was his own field.”"
"This is a box I've been looking forward to adding to my group breaks for awhile, the early 2000s Stadium Club cards are a lot of fun. Once again, Topps doesn't give specific odds, but there is the possibility of some great autographs in this box! Other things to look for:"
"Unlike the famed cherry blossoms in Washington DC, or even in Japan, on the northwest British Columbia coast, sometimes delicate cherry trees are thriving beside soaring old growth trees that have stood for several hundred years. Boughs of tissue-thin, cherry blossom branches dance ballet-like in the wind, against rough, mossy wide girth of Douglas firs."
"When ‘the boy on the phone‘ left Brisbane for good, I was beside myself to the point where I hurt. There was so many regrets; things I never said, stupid things I had said, and the way we had left the situation made me feel hopeless. Plus, I was torn between giving him a chance to settle him before I really spoke to him about how I felt. I literally felt like I had to do SOMETHING with myself, or I was going to go crazy."
"We have now settled back into city life in Inverness, we have a new house....... well it's not a new house in any sense of the word. It is my family home that my parents have owned for about 30 years. Mam felt the house was too big for her on her own now, and we needed to buy a house in this area so we bought it from her. It a wonderful old detched cottage and we are all chuffed to bits with it. I'll post some piccies of it as soon as I can."
"6 large dried apricot, chopped or 3 tbsp very small currants"
"Steinemann has heard from fragrance sufferers worldwide. People have described seizures and asthma attacks from being around the products, she says. One woman was unable to be with her dying mother because her sister used scented hair products."
"As much as I LOVE the idea of using the sun to power my telephone, I do wonder if I could successful use the Freeloader to charge my phone on a regular basis. I do also have to question the actual energy used to manufacter the Freeloader in the first place. Does anyone know what the carbon footprint of the device is?"
"As Paul mentions (and as I've said), there are a number of functions brick-and-mortar stores serve (specialized knowledge, author events, cafés, the experience of physically browsing, and so on) that can't be duplicated by on-line vendors."
"I know I’ve been missing, and I’m sorry for that! I’ve been recovering and working really hard (like some major overtime, which I LOVE because it means more money at the end of the year and more time off whenever I want it!!!) and trying to think about my new fitness plans and schedule, now that I have to restart. I’ve also been doing a lot of behind-the-scenes work here on the blog, mostly just organizing guest bloggers and having conversations with people about what we do!"
"As the packaging states, birds can be slow to interact with new objects in their home. It took our two almost a week to approach the new bowling alley. I’m somewhat disappointed that our guys don’t bowl with gusto, but they do like standing in front of their new diversion to peck, poke, and stare into the mirror. Maybe in time the play will get more animated."
"On watching the Twilight baby being born:"
"Lightly grease a 9x9 pan and pour in your 'fudge,' spreading it evenly around. If you want to, add some sprinkles now. Then stick it in the fridge for at least an hour to set."
"Sent: Wednesday, April 04, 2012 7:24 PM"
"It is you yourself who created."
"Coming back to this place with strong power to an undeniable extent, heating up the place"
"Weakness: At times this can be a really exciting team to watch, but to Buffalo fans it can also be a frustrating team to watch. This team is not a good passing team and it turns the ball over more than its opponents. That’s not efficient basketball for a team that is ninth in the Pac-12 in points per game. This team must get more organized offensively if it wants to duplicate its Pac-12 championship run in the NCAA tournament."
"“We’re supposed to be splitting up to get this done faster,” I said. “You know, so we don’t die at the hands of an evil villain.”"
"Everything about water is about to change – how we think about it, what we pay for it, where we get it, how we use it."
"It was a warm night and everything was perfect. Maybe it was the Rum. No, I don’t think it was. It wasn’t quite December yet. She couldn’t smell the flowers, her nose was blocked. In retrospect, maybe it was a little chilly after all. We were in a bubble of our own and the glasses were fluorescent lights doing figure eights in slow motion, filling, emptying and refilling by themselves. What I do remember well is the jasmine tree beside the gate, and how its smell was in her as much as it was in the air itself."
"As you guys know that I liked Kpop so much, I wanted to write and talk about the bad side; the thing that people dislike and what is really not good. I’d like to write these things from my experience and knowledge about K-pop and keep it as objective as possible."
"6 months in jail? Solitary confinement? Arrested by your ex-girlfriend several times?"
"The portal also quoted a report from an English daily online on Tuesday as saying that political sources from the Najib and Anwar camps had confirmed that the two politicians met at the prime minister’s residence."
"I wish sometimes things were easy but of course they are not what is in life."
"Some of you expressed concern about the sheep being eaten."
"Really dude? ‘ISPs need to improve bandwidth quickly?‘ I’m sure the executives will get right on that after reading your asinine post. And it’s f—ing idiot fan boys like this moron that really piss me off. I remember the 90′s, when fast internet connections started to proliferate. ISPs clung to their bandwidth like conservatives cling to Fox talking points. When it looked like the gaming revolution would eat up a lot of their precious bandwidth they discussed ways to block games from accessing their networks. They still cling to their bandwidth like Donald Trump’s balding, empty head does to his toupee; for dear life. A single Hi-Def movie is roughly 3.5 GB in data. Multiply that by Netflix’s customer base and that’s roughly 84,000,000 GB of data. Your ISP currently freaks out when you use more than 2 GB of data. You do the math."
"I got my lap report back. Glucose was great, my thyroid is a bit high so will need to change my dose of meds, my cholesterol is still a bit high too, 208. My LDL is what’s not good so need to talk to the doctor and see what I need to change. I’ve been reading a bit on the LDL and it has some things to do with insulin resistance too. Not that I understand much about this yet but I do read a lot of blogs that talk about it but don’t understand yet how it starts but I’ll learn. I thought with all the weight loss, exercise and healthy eating everything would be just fine or even better then fine but I guess not. I know that on my mom’s side high cholesterol is part of life so maybe it’s a start for me. I’m hoping not and maybe my food will be changing a bit more, we’ll see. More to learn."
"my family"
"Add the eggs, one at a time. Then stir in the lemon extract and lemon zest. A note about lemon zest: Wash and dry your lemon well, then use a microplane to scrape off just the yellow part of the lemon peel. You don't want any of the bitter white part underneath."
"This beer pours to a copper/amber colour with a 1cm lemon sherbet coloured head. This is another iteration of the hopped up pacific northwest IPA that reminds people of grapefruit. This one smells great, like grapefruit rind(ish) hops. When you drink it there is a very powerful bitterness to it. It has flavours similar to grapefruit and piney gin coming from the hops in this one. Their site notes that it’s a combination of Simcoe, Citra, Centennial and other hops that delivers this bouquet. They definitely strike the right chord in this beer, making for a tasty beverage."
"The area around 8,091-metre Mount Annapurna attracts thousands of trekkers, both local and foreign, each year as well as day-trippers."
"5″ Ice Cream Shift."
"In an uncertain world, it’s no surprise that people look backwards. With ancient empires crumbling, rabbles rousing and new powers rising, purveyors of bread and circuses are looking to the ancient Roman Empire for entertainment, if not enlightenment, in these troubled times."
"As a bright young couple she and Tom were unstoppable. Endlessly busy, and productive and floating high on a cloud of achievement. They had known an exciting planting season when seeds of hope had been liberally strewn and tender shoots admired. Their garden was cherished and grew well to form a strong and admirable surround to their beautiful home; interesting jobs; lively circle of friends and inevitably glittering social life."
"More lovely flowers, honestly, my house is just full of them now!"
"I read all sorts of age-inappropriate books when I was a kid, from A Clockwork Orange to The Godfather (page 36, anyway, along with all the other girls in my year). Nobody took any notice--not my parents, not my teachers. I was just reading. What harm could that do?"
"And now, whenever I reach for that sweater? That's what I think about. My dinner on the pier with my brother, both of us eating crab legs and drinking Pacifico beer, before he drove me up to LAX to catch the red-eye flight back to Boston late that same evening."
"What should happen in Christchurch? In each of the cases mentioned, the church, often with the help of a wider community, endeavoured to keep part of the old while restoring or building anew. Where destruction was most complete – Dresden – a faithful replica was built, incorporating the sadly few remnants, in what might be described as a typically Teutonic exercise of vigorous communal will."
"thank her for the patience, the understanding"
"That’s how a lot of that classical music was, though."
"Boy was I wrong."
"I was hoping my surfboard would be a nonchalant and cool styling prop for my super-glam and girly bedroom. You know, like: \"Aha! You didn't expect that, did you?? There's more to me than meets the brass/mirrored/velvety/trellis patterned facade you see here!\""
"The election will turn on the economy but the question of character will haunt Romney."
"I saw somewhere in Pinterest"
"land against the adversary who oppresses you, then you shall sound an alarm with the trumpets, that you may be remembered (anamninesko) before the LORD your God, and you shall be saved from your enemies. 10 On the day of your gladness also, and at your appointed feasts, and at the beginnings of your months, you shall blow the trumpets over your burnt offerings and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings; they shall serve you for remembrance"
"Remove the slicing blade and put on the plastic blade. Break the eggs into the food processor bowl, add the salt and pepper and pulse to mix and beat the eggs. Add the parsley and raw onion to the food processor bowl and pulse to combine. Put back in the big bowl."
"The winner wrote:"
"Q: Why did you decide to start this blog?"
"Oh..."
"I see First Contact Day celebrations as being in a similar vein, just with fewer gold coins, more beads, and more boobies."
"Coalition chairman Ze’ev Elkin (Likud) on Wednesday submitted a bill to dissolve the Knesset, which will be put to a vote next week, bringing an early election that is likely to take place on September 4."
"IN A WORD: Understandable. Shirer speaks to new Christians and seasoned saints alike. She doesn’t just say, “listen for the still small voice” in answer to the “how do I hear from God?” question. She tells you what that looks like and sounds like and how she’s experienced it in her life. This book is a great resource."
"Such perfectly formed fingernails, like tiny shells."
"I put Relda back in the chest. I was too old to carry the magic, but too lonely to want to pass up a friend who always talked to me. Relda became lifeless again. I put the lid back down on my hope chest."
"2 oz POM Wonderful Pomegranate Juice"
"In a reversal of fortunes for both the Yankees and Sabathia, an home run in the bottom of the first inning hit by Justin Morneau, was instead called a foul ball thanks to video replay. The umpires playing a controversial role in the Bombers 5-4 loss to the Royals, got this call correct-as a replay from the Twins TV network showed the ball going foul."
"Well, I had intended to enter several challenges this week. It started with Emma's Throwback Thursday, always one of my favorites, in which the challenge was to use a heart from any older cartridge. So the wheels started turning. Then I saw that 365 Cards was having a \"Romance\" themed challenge. Hmmmmmmmm..... And then I saw that the Crafty Ho's were having a monochromatic color challenge. The Cuttlebug Spot was having a book inspiration challenge, and Stuck On You Sketches was having a sketch challenge. My mind was spinning, and I had what I thought was a great idea--which I didn't get finished for the Cuttlebug Spot challenge, but I did enter it into the others. I really liked the difficulty of making one project work for many challenges. This did not completely meet my expectations, but it does express the sentiment I wanted it to."
"2 free"
"27th Feb 2012 Monday Covent Garden, Jubilee Market"
"The mission of the Order put the lives of the Trinitarians at great risk. Many suffered death in their vocation"
"INSIDE by Brenda Novak"
"Most of you probably know this one - if you're using double sided tape to stick the box together, run a glue stick along the tape as it makes it repositionable for a while until you get it together neatly."
"Makes me want to circle the house with a lighted sage to cleanse the evil spirits."
"I love how our extra chunky moldings turned out ... it took 3 separate molding pieces to accomplish this look ... it originally started as a diy project but after hours and hours of suffering with the baseboards, we decided it would be much more cost effective to hire someone who actually knew what they were doing and could knock the project out in a day!"
"Bake for 1 hour"
"However, some protestors breached the barricades that the authorities had erected to cordon off the Dataran, Bersih’s original venue for their sit-in protest, and provoked the police into firing tear gas and water cannons at the crowds."
"A giant asphalt sun trap next to the Seager Distillery, the tall buildings that form its perimeter catch the light like a Canaletto (something our useless photographic skills have failed to do justice to here)."
"- I have worked for Wickham Farms in Penfield for the past several years. I'm currently their director of marketing. Wickham Farms is starting a CSA this year, which excites me to no end. Among my duties is writing the blog for the CSA, which is here."
"Garrison Keillor, Lake Wobegon Summer 1956 – the entire family enjoys Keillor"
"They were not being mean or trying to keep us from having a life. Quite the opposite, they were instructing and disciplining us out of love and because they wanted us to have the best life possible."
"I'll break them down, no mercy shown"
"Adding a photo or pattern background to your blogger template"
"Sitting on the deck this morning the unexpected sunshine was irrelevant to the weight I woke up with. Took to bed last night. Walked around with all week."
"And because I was trying to open my new lens, I cut my finger. T.T PAIN! ITAMII ITAMIIII."
"R.S.V.P: Due to limited space, participants must register by e mail to bsherman@council.nyc.gov."
"It made no sense to keep the runt from an otherwise impressive litter, but Emily had a feeling. A strange, magical connection. And the little white whippet proved her right. Hope became Emily's star - a running phenomenon that showed her disappearing fanny to the fastest sighthounds in the country. But more, Hope became Emily's heart."
"The Koch Brothers chose the wrong son.. oh yes, indeed"
"1. Wednesday evening, the Point Beach nuclear power plant in Wisconsin declared an Alert due to toxic gas in a vital area room. During a maintenace run on the plant’s emergency diesel generator, exhaust fumes caused a buildup of carbon monoxide in the Plant Instrument Air Compressor Room that exceeded the Immediate Danger to Life and Health standard set by the Occupation Safety and Health Administration. The diesel was turned off, and the Alert was terminated two hours later."
"512.398.9344"
"Grab a sharpest knife you own, or sharpen your knife to the ultimate sharp that your knife can get."
"But I can’t shake this nagging feeling that a relationship of this sort would be a mistake, for several reasons. First, it’s not very responsible for me to form such a tie when I still have so much emotional baggage to lose. That just seems obvious. But more pressing to me is the feeling that I couldn’t possibly make someone else happy. That any relationship I entered would end up being one-sided. That I would be able to take, but have nothing to give in return. And that is unacceptable. I wouldn’t wish such a fate upon my worst enemy, let alone someone that I want to love."
"I know several people who drink good beer, and yet express a mind-boggling affection for Pabst Blue Ribbon. It's one thing to celebrate the retro kitch culture such as a wonderful place like Philly's own Bob and Barbara's Lounge, which is awash in long-forgotten PBR ad campaigns of the past. It's another to swig down a can of PBR and actually fool yourself into thinking it's a premium beer."
"We had asked both of the little ones to come to church with us this week. Last year when Nick preached, God used him to speak to our older son. He spoke in such a profound way it was all I could do not to sob. It was a confirmation to me that God was doing a work in our son Nathan and that He had indeed heard my prayers. The prayers of a mother for her child are especially sweet to our Lord for He understands a parent’s heart. So this year, we desired for our twins to hear from God. Our daughter declined the invitation. I think she was a little freaked out about seeing a man with no arms and legs. But Jonah’s curiosity was peaked. So, he came. As the service started he was engaged, looking around, checking it all out. He listened to the first twenty minutes or so but sleep overtook him. He dozed off."
"-Homeowners with cabinetry that is in good shape and has a style that is simple enough to transform with paint"
"Eventually I quit asking her questions. Later, as an adult, I realized how anxious and scared she’d been herself through those years. With the passage of enough time I even forgave her, as children do, though my whole-hearted respect never returned."
"MIL bought back 3 packs of 'char kuey teow' (without cockles) and YX suddenly said he wanted to eat. Surprise ! Surprise !"
"Fourth, Rick Santorum is a likable guy and I agree with him on much of his social conservatism. I think that it’s important that we rediscover the meaning of the family and that it’s the most basic building block of our society. There is no way to escape that, and I respect him for coming out and saying that. On the other hand, he’s an earmark king and do not believe he can hold his lead at the top of the “Not Mitt Romney” party. I think his decline is imminent."
"Bitch made a deeper noise, low in her throat. Aisha and Alec approached, which contributed to the loose half-circle of people and animals around Lisa and me. Tension hung heavy in the air."
"I saw this questionnaire on a friend's blog and thought that it would be a fun post for today! Especially since I was racking my brain trying to think of something to blog about. Enjoy!"
"Clench played on 1978's Street Action and 1979's Rock N' Roll Nights with BTO before the group disbanded."
"Your daddy he’s an outlaw"
"Fraud accused linked to Cele hospitalised"
"Late to jump on almost every bandwagon, I've just started reading Eat Pray Love. In the book, she quotes a friend of hers, describing the life experience of divorce as:"
"** I don’t know. I lack creativity. Maybe “Plain Janie”"
"Grandparents should also have rights of access after separation, but where possible to have access to coincide with the Parents Contact, but above all to be there to show support, stability and continuity to very young children."
"Back on the path after about an hour we soon find ourselves (after a minor diversion involving a Rolls Royce Silver Cloud and more unidentifiable, to us anyway, earthworks) going through our first stretch of forest – some may call it a copse or (as the sign claims) a plantation but I’m a city boy and to me it’s a forest. Feeling revived from our short tea-break surrounded by the pines and ferns we brave the increasingly challenging wind and precipitation to push on to Plain Trees and our first chance to actually touch The Wall."
"Robyn Gordon lives in South Africa. Her wood carving has become a form of meditation. \"I decided to portray one of the most important facets of my life, and that is the serenity that I feel while creating art.\" her blog ArtPropelled here"
"So fuck you, weird, hairless, bipedal mammal. This shit is on you now."
"I CRAVE stability and schedule"
"Zines were underground publications that arose in the late '80s early 90's around the then new word processing technology that allowed for cheap \"desktop publishing.\" It opened a whole new world of publishing possibilities that were previously too expensive using the traditional printing press. This was before there was widespread internet access and it was exciting because suddenly everyone could print anything in their own home! Once the internet exploded in the late 1990's most zines migrated online. But in its brief heyday our Valley was a pioneering area for the zine scene, with lots of music zines coming out of the Northampton punk music culture. There was also a subversive little political zine called The Baystate Objectivist, edited by yours truly, which probably had the largest single audience of any of the Valley zines."
"So what can be concluded? If my experience is anything to go by, the other big chains are a dead loss for no-budget literary fiction, but Hatchard's and some, though not all, of the Waterstone's branches are great. And that Waterstone's just can't be characterized by any single one of its variable branches."
"2:30pm – “Kevin and Dayton’s Catch-all Panel About Absolutely Everything” – This panel is like that drawer in your kitchen with all that crazy shit that doesn’t seem to belong anywhere else. During the hour, we’ll discuss our current and upcoming projects, Kevin will dish on Trek and other licensed property goodness coming out of Hallmark, and we’ll figure out something else to fill the remaining 55 minutes."
"Pip Andrew (Team Adam) – Adam told him straight up that he is at risk getting sent home in the instant eliminations; Pips last performance wasn’t the greatest and he is fighting for his life. I am sure that struck some fear in his heart. Tonight Pip was singing “Somewhere Only We Know” by Keane. This is such a great song. He started off playing the piano and he it was really sweet. I feel he didn’t have the control he wanted while singing. His voice was shaky and he wasn’t hitting all of the notes. His falsetto cracked noticeably towards the end of the song and it seemed to fall apart after that. I paused my tv and just stared at the floor. Its never good to have your bad notes fall apart at the end. Blake said where in the hell is the bowtie? Adam said he likes the no bowtie; it was great overall but he is proud of him and he let Pip do the song that he wanted to do. 1-855-VOICE-07"
"The Pakistani government thinks so, too. The Pakistani prime minister,Yousuf Raza Gilani, called his foreign minister home from talks in Washington and ordered an emergency meeting of the government to assess the prospect of an American invasion."
"I began to think of all the past hurts I have had in my life. I saw them in my mind as rocks in a backpack I was carrying around. I didn't think they affected my life, on a day to day basis. However, as I try to change things in my life, I realize I can't. I have to pull out a rock from my backpack, and let God restore me through that hurt. Then and only then, can he change the way I act and think. This year, a little rock at a time, God is going to restore past hurts, and in turn, Glorify himself through me."
"Writing is my craft"
"it's educational"
"I've polled my friends and asked for and received lots of great suggestions, so thanks to everyone who contributed. I think I've finally settled on a name (that is free of federal trademarks) and am even fairly sure of the logo design that I want. Now to get it all set into motion!"
"reported to CAIR-NJ that, during open court proceedings, the foster mother"
"It's been interesting watching the reactions of the old school crowd (my peers) to the news of D&D Next. As with the release of 4e it has been largely negative and often vitriolic. There's a lot of cynicism about the game to come, a lot of cynicism directed toward the Company."
"* link to the person who tagged you"
"I remember the horns of this dilemma from what my mother used to say:"
"1 cup white wine vinegar"
"I am very grateful for this because he both put us on track, as well as pushes us a bit further in the training."
"Queenstown, after all, is the birthplace of bungee jumping and is also home to a variety of adrenaline-charged activities that make you wonder who in their right mind would pay money to put their life in peril in the first place? That would be me!"
"Nov-30 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center On Sale Soon"
"So, Bev is smiling and will hold my hand again at Kirsty's wedding reception tonight because she got the jug she really wanted anyway."
"As the train rumbled along, I thought of the A$400,000 I'd sold my one-bedroom apartment in South Yarra for the year before. I thought of the building, and how a prostitute had moved in next door. And then I thought of the chateau, with the gatehouse and estate. Thinking of these stark difference in property prices between France and Australia made me sick for the rest of the trip."
"“Yes,” she replied."
"My choice is for my children to know. They have each been given their fathers’ last name (it’s the only way to make a family vine more colourful). It’s their life, which is a part of me, but not mine to live. I will raise them to reach as high as they can, and live their lives to the fullest. I am teaching them to do their best and give it their all. If you didn’t do your best, than how will you know you couldn’t go farther? I insist on honesty, for you must be true to yourself in order to open your life wholeheartedly to others. I will support them the only way I know how, with open arms, annoying words of wisdom and a love that continues to multiply."
"I disagree strongly with Mr. Gingrich’s splash-play on judges – but I hasten to add, his ideas are not “crazy.” The Supreme Court’s final authority on constitutional interpretation was an unsettled and controversial question before 1803, when Chief Justice John Marshall handed down the landmark Marbury v. Madison decision. And the controversy continued simmering thereafter (emphasis on “simmering,” as we conducted judicial and political business as if the issue were finally settled)."
"Color the rose image with coordinating colors. Embellish the centers of the rosettes with the stamped image and buttons."
"So I made Cinnamon Molasses Muffins yesterday, and of course there were plenty for my kiddo's this morning. However, my dear sweet little boy says, \"Mommy I want BIG tootie (cookie)\". He has a life-threatening food allergy to peanuts so there are a lot of things he just can't have because it's made in a facility that also processes peanuts, or may contain peanuts, or has tree nuts in it (he has to avoid tree nuts too). Then he's just a picky eater on top of that. I have tried the \"you eat this or it will be waiting for you later, this is what we are having ... you will eat it or go hungry\"-type of approach. There are some kids, contrary to popular belief...that will go hungry as opposed to eat something they don't like. I also think kids with food allergies taste things a little different than we do. So long story short...I caved and compromised...Pumpkin Cookies! Basically like a muffin anyways! Plus with the pumpkin it's semi-healthy!"
"thought and patience."
"Below is a simple recipe for a Roasted Beet & Butternut Squash Salad with Arugula, Goat Cheese and a simple Champagne Vinaigrette."
"A little after 2 am, the all-too-familiar \"Code Blue\" rang out over our intercom system. These night shift codes mean two things in my Radiology world: will the patient need a Radiology exam to solve the mystery of their code and how long will I be able to do chest compression this time?"
"Walker, face of shaving cream, got in the shower with him, and washed him off as well as he could."
"61 one"
"I always use cotton fabric - you really don't want anything too stretchy, as it just doesn't gather very well."
"The Mediterranean Sea drew back a along the southern coast. In Yaffo (Jaffa) a crowd rushed onto the suddenly dry seabed, unaware of the impending danger. Many died when the waters came rushing back. A tidal wave was reported in the Dead Sea. For several days the Jordan river dried up, as did rivers in the Gush Dan region. When water started flowing again, they were said to be fiery-red."
"Picking through the cavities of my mind to see what I’d find"
"with a FOR SALE sign"
"Budget Cut for Fence on U.S.-Mexico Border"
"Just as there are theories about the reasons for searching, there are those about NOT searching. Lifton writes: “Nonsearchers, for all their sense of righteousness and loyalty, have always seemed to me self-denigrating. There is the implication that they don’t have the right to rock their own boat, to open their own can of worms. They seem to accept that they don’t have a right to their own heritage.” (p. 75)."
"2 cups chopped parsley"
"corriander leaves few"
"Mute Mondays. It was how I came to join this blog community."
"Luckily, before Freyfaxi could run me straight off the edge of a cliff, Begga caught us, scolded me gently for not scolding him harder, and led us back to the group, who had been waiting patiently for God knows how long. So we continued forth and Freyfaxi seemed to behave himself from that point on, presumably because he knew of the upcoming photo shoot:"
"My new book blogger friend Helen had left a message, saying, \"I have an award for you.\" Ha! My sunny day continues, right up until dark. Helen presented me with the Sunshine Award. Thanks, Helen! I'm tired in a good kind of way this evening, but totally ready to climb into bed and read before sleep. All of you dear readers who have gotten this far should consider yourselves recipients of this award -- from me to you, and you, and you. Good night, sun. Good night, moon. Good night, friends."
"Well, as you may know, I raised Sunny from a week and a half old and therefore, I had to take her with me if I was going to be gone for more than a couple of hours. That meant I had to feed her in the car. I was able to do this (after some practice bottle feeding) and she would eat, and then go to sleep. On her first vet visit she was fine in the car but when we got to the vet, she freaked out (understandable since she was getting vaccinated) and ever since, it has been a nightmare to travel with her because she gets carsick. Well, I know that she doesn't have an inner ear problem so she just freaks herself out. I have been working with her and getting her used to the carrier and today I made the step of taking her with me for a short trip in town. She was nervous but was NOT sick and was calm for the most part! So I would say we had success! Now for longer trips..."
"We retired workers are very proud of being citizens of the greatest country in the world, but … we cannot think it is the greatest possible country when about 65 percent of the aged do not have any insurance to deal with their needs for hospitalization and medical care. Without such insurance, the retired person must pretty much exhaust any savings he has before he can get free hospitalization. This is a constant source of worry. Many of my acquaintances will not visit a doctor for minor illness because they have no money to pay for drugs. After they exhaust their savings they go on welfare to get medical aid, but then, in many cases, it is too late.The real difference between Democrats and Republicans on health care is not, Cohn writes, between an idealized free market and Stalinist central planning. Rather,"
"This is the end of my little rant, but tell me, is there anyone else out there that feels like this at all???"
"The scarf was a last minute addition today but I'm glad I wore it, if for nothing else, than it gave me something to clip my nametag to :-)"
"When the Anglo-Boer War started he was sequestered to the Middelburg commando and fought with distinction during the war. Almost immediately after the war he began to suffer from a combat induced neurological disease."
"Compared to the 7 day avg before Escalation, the last 7 have seen a 14.7% increase in avg m3 mined in WH sec (from 2.8% to 4.7% of total)"
"She has the guy. The terrorists have been taken care of and she has a shot at becoming popular."
"Now it's your turn to show us your Birthday cards or creations! See upload instructions below! There will be five free digi's given to one lucky challenge participant who will be chosen by Random.org at the end of the month! You may use images from any company and still be included in the draw for the blog candy prize! Those who use one of Crissy's images, either from her rubber or digital collections will be entered twice in the draw. But please respect the rule of no more than three entries per"
"During my twelve years in the classroom my eyes and ears were on constant alert for bullying. If I heard or saw or was told about bullying, I addressed it. I brought the victim and the bully together countless times. Some meetings were formal lunch meetings while others were a quick talk in the hallway. My goal was always the same: get each child to see the human being across from them. I wanted the bully to fully understand the pain he/she was causing— to try and understand the tangible effects from their hateful words and actions."
"Minnesota 7-Feb 40 2 17 1 9"
"“I work hard everyday so you can sit around? Fuck you!”"
"The third punch that strikes me:"
"Black cats vs black girls?"
"Well, I'd only ever had a couple of fillings when I was younger, so this was a new experience for me, and one I shall not be having again. (Hopefully). The injection was fine and lasted for 6 hours, though this left me unable to drink properly without feeling as if I had a hole in the side of my face. Also, as I had to pick up the Kerrang! magazine (for my daughter) from the local shop, I became conscious that my face was lopsided, and my need to appear happy with my lot was lost in my tragic smile/grimace. When I got home I looked in the mirror and it was all good; parallel but numb."
"thrown the ice picks in the back."
"Then my invisible companion shall silently speak my secret name, and my feet shall approach him on the soft mossy ground under the holy trees that drop their leaves onto our hair until we are dappled in green, and the midnight mist will sing and swirl around us. Then he will reach for my two hands with strong palms and his dovelike eyes will study my face, and we will dance and laugh like angels, and Fear will be terrified of us and Sorrow will laugh out loud."
"A purple El Dorado nearly runs"
"8. Serakel 5:06"
"My staff of faith to walk upon,"
"-The Mrs"
"Bitterness - 35 EBU"
"Kuni’s bitterness is shared by his wife, but she admitted, “At least I can sleep at night now. On the farm I would go to bed, just doze for an hour or so and then wake up and lay there waiting for the dawn. Here we’re safe. We’ve friends and neighbours. But it’s hard living away from the farm. We miss the small things too.. .like having our own meat and eggs, baking our own bread and making our own butter. I don’t think I’ll ever get used to shopping for groceries. But it’s safer for us here.”"
"Luckily it’s soon feeding time, which always puts a stop to the monkeying around. For a bit."
"Now, after you’ve translated that, I’d like to say that I’m not actually there. I really wish I was. Alas… I’m not. I’m here in my little home in Calgary watching the cool refreshing rain fall, the vibrant green grass grow, and the wonderful alluring scent of flowers blooming. It’s just so amazing how, just a few weeks ago, snow was drifting down the sky to our earth and coating everything in a silky white blanket."
"Nap time."
"Yes Face IPA (4.5%), South of Taylor Special (4.5%), and the non-session but what the hell I'll throw it in anyway East Griffin Stout (5.0%). Now there's a session beer line-up! They do have non-session guest taps, too, so you can take your big-beer insistent buddies along (and carry them out if they try keeping up with you)."
"One of the main functions and benefits of drinking aloe vera juice is that it helps to improve the immune system of the body. This it does by releasing high doses of antioxidants in the body that get rid of the free radicals (which lead to aging and release of other harmful toxins) and help in improving the immunity of the body."
"Yes, there are plenty of pubs and bars that have gone for a more modern image, but in general that has been accompanied by an overt appeal to the youth market, and they are often places to avoid unless you’re looking for a fight or a pull. So many times, a pub going “trendy” has been a precursor to a downhill spiral that ends in closure."
"Leesha: \"I love you.\""
"As of this morning, April 2, 2012, the 1940 U.S. Census is available for public use."
"\"For purposes of discussion it may be assumed that even if"
"Many in the news media are prepared with specials already crafted that"
"558 *D-XI/1/1965. “On Citizenship: Alexander Meiklejohn (1872-1964).” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago.. (Incorporated in Item C-1976(1), above, pp. 144-45.)"
"Just then, a mutual friend enters the restaurant with a gorgeous babe on his arm."
"“I will call your Dad and get him home…”"
"Had she not been such a beaten down little soul, she might have said, “Hey, Jean Paul, you know what Bargain Tuesday at Cineworld actually means, yeah? Cheap for us, maybe, but cheap for everyone else, too. It’ll bring ‘em all flooding in.”"
"Adult and teen participants receive groceries at the end of each class to practice the recipes they’ve learned at home."
"I mentioned the other day that my digestion was off. This has continued, so today, after finishing a plate of birthday pancakes, I started the Kitchari Cleanse with optional Colon Cleansing! Yeah! Sounds exciting right? Actually, I’m finding that the kitchari tastes great and feels like it’s just what my body needs. And the added side benefit? Less cooking! I know that with my love of gardening, and mozzarella, and parsnips,and boiling up pig’s heads, I might seem like I love cooking, but mostly I don’t. I’ve never loved cooking, and though I’ve come to a truce with it, and have gotten excited about all the cool things I can make, it still feels like a time-consuming chore to make sure everyone is fed every day at appropriate times."
"In the wake of the nuclear catasphorie in Fukashima, Japan, many pondered on the idea whether this was a new \"Chernobyl\". Some then continued to ponder if Fukushima would be the setting for a new STALKER game. People were disgusted at these thoughts, with the notion of it \"being too soon\" to mention anything about it. Here's the thing though, with nuclear fallout, even after a hundred years it will still probably \"too soon\" to use it for trivial entertainment purposes. STALKER has given many people new insights into the trials and tribulations of the people surrounding Chernobyl... as well as many hours entertainment blasting radioactive zombies in a virtual exclusion zone. It's all about balance."
"protectively and possessively"
"Whirlpool-Cascade 2#"
"Every year, I get to write a check and watch money from the Common School Fund be distributed to all K-12 schools on the State of Wisconsin! This year, I will get to distribute $33.6 million to the school libraries statewide. For many of these school libraries, these are the only funds they will get to buy new books for the children."
"Basically, he's no longer a little boy. He's still young, but he's bursting at the seams to be all grown up and is doing a fine job of it."
"So here are the three best things I love about Heirloom Market BBQ -"
"Williamson WD, Desmond MM, LaFevers N, Taber LH, Catlin FI, Weaver TG. Symptomatic congenital cytomegalovirus, disorders of language, learning, and hearing. Am J Dis Child 1982; 136: 902-905."
"The slime mould body can resemble a slug, insect eggs and dog vomit (oh the wonders of nature)."
"I want to run away from this difficult, terrible moment."
"I am totally into ‘houses’ these days, so this one, of course, caught my eye! Very nice!"
"‘I wonder what she’s doing,’ whispers Betty."
"Our house is weatherboard house built in the 1950s and then in the 70s someone put brick cladding on it which in my opinion is nowhere near as appealing. This now exposed weatherboard is also going to be removed for newer board and our extension will be done in weatherboard to match."
"It is obvious that Paul felt he was in the place of God’s choice, Jerusalem. Again, recounting that this event happened early on, Paul had limited revelation of the Dispensation of the Grace of God."
"*What is your favorite fruit or veggie? And why am I so into food lately? Must be running all those additional miles…"
"the social dancing and celebratory, but casual outdoor, evening ‘get-togethers’."
"But no, my pussy has to go and steal my thunder."
"Duncan was initially jailed for the shooting, but a Greenville County circuit court judge appealed his arrest, citing South Carolina's Protection of Persons and Property Act, a series of laws enacted in 2006 that guaranteed a person the right to defend him or herself against \"great bodily injury\" in his or her own home, vehicle, or business. The case made its way to the state Supreme Court, and in May 2011, based on testimonies that confirmed the preceding story, Duncan was exonerated. The court ruled that Spicer's forceful attempt at entering the home constituted an adequate threat to warrant self-defense under the law.Known as the \"Bluffton Christmas Tow Truck slaying\"--Preston Oates is now using the aforementioned \"Castle Doctrine\" as his defense in the shooting of Carlos Olivera. (This is after his escape-plan didn't work out.)"
"He died il 18 February 1564 having made testament: he left his soul in God’s hands, his body to the earth and all his belongings to the “closest relatives”."
"Grumble less. Giggle more!'"
"All in all, a major disappointment. But, after all, it is Target we are talking about and I am sure they will come out with a new, innovative marketing campaign in the next few weeks that will completely redeem themselves in my eyes."
"Self: “A final question from the man with the beard, glasses, shirt, pullover, trousers and underwear.”"
"“This is delicious.” Kates."
"Metallic Card: From my stash"
"There came a point, maybe three years into that, where I began to realise I'd have to have another go at a novel. Giant Thief didn't originate with any one story, but it did come out of not wanting to make the mistakes I'd made with my first attempt at novel writing. I was writing one or two short stories a month, and I didn't want to lose that pace. So it had to be something fast-paced, fun, not too convoluted. Something I could throw myself into and just keep moving with."
"All it takes is the smallest knock on the door."
"Windows 8, as you know, is the upcoming operating system from Microsoft. If you are a Windows fan, you might have to wait a bit more to get the final release of Windows 8. Meanwhile you can satisfy your anxiety levels by downloading the Windows 8 consumer preview from the website of Microsoft. This is basically the beta version of the new OS; this was released a couple of months before. It is good to install this version of Windows 8 on your computer as it will help you to experience the new interface and some of the newly installed features of windows 8; this is very helpful especially when it comes to making a decision on whether to go for Windows 8 or to stay with Windows 7 at time of the final release of the new OS. Talking about whether to buy or not, the one important thing you would like to consider will be the performance. This article provides information regarding the performance of Windows 8 with respect to Windows 7."
"To get past the paywall: simply erase the question mark in the URL that appears right after \"HTML,\" and everything after it."
"In winter, she’d extol the virtues of eating a bowl of porridge before school. She’d also ensure that our footwear was appropriate to the weather. \"Where are your boots?\", she’d ask, sternly. When one boy admitted that his family couldn’t afford any, she bought him a pair, herself. \"Now, you look after them.\", she said. During cold season, Monday mornings we’d each find on our desks, a cod liver oil capsule and a lemon throat lozenge. I still remember the rows of children grimacing as they struggled to force down that pungent pill, and the fishy, oily after-taste, followed by the cleansing lemon."
"Though she’d never actually been to one, and didn’t have any idea how long it might take, she thought the funeral was probably over by now. But she’d watched Mum earlier on, packing three pairs of pyjamas into the big blue holdall, wrapping their toothbrushes in one of the spare plastic bags from under the sink, so Susan knew their parents wouldn’t be coming back that day; she knew they’d be staying with Auntie Joan and Uncle George for the night."
"Bob, 90, and Nancy Strait, 85. Last month, six racist blacks raped and beat her to death, and beat him within an inch of his life. They had been married for 65 years. The national MSM ignored this racist atrocity because who cares about a couple of old white breeders, anyway? Thousands of Americans had to read the UK Daily Mail, in order to learn about this crime."
"Happy Tuesday readers!"
"01 Skull - Flump (3:23)"
"While the project would get $100 million in direct subsidies from the city and state, the total public costs remain somewhat vague. Reuters pointed out that the arena \"will be financed through tax-exempt bonds backed by payments in lieu of taxes\" and that such \"PILOT bonds are often used by local governments as an incentive to attract private developers because their payments are lower than what they would have had to pay in real estate taxes.\""
"They said The Who's \"Tommy\" was supposed to be a Rock Opera, but I hadn't seen it, and there were only like two songs on the album I liked anyway."
"And lead us not into deep union,"
"I thought we might have a pleasant discussion about Fernando Torres’ 17-minute hat-trick, but they didn’t seem too bothered about that. They then asked me where I was going."
"His resume said he was a “self-starter.”"
"“The EC will also cooperate with other agencies including the National Registration Department, the armed forces, police and Mimos in cleaning up the electoral roll,” he said."
"We are not in control of our life. He gets to decide what we get and what we don't get. All we have to do is live in joy and be grateful for everything we are provided. And we have been provided with plenty!"
"Brian T: What is your Zombie Apocalypse Plan?"
"10 squats"
"\"Fosket?\" He shook his head, while Pevan kicked herself. \"It would have had to have been Fosket, or word would have reached them from Polten. No, I think I was betrayed.\""
"Oven: Preheat oven to 350° F. Arrange frozen chicken breast fritters in a single layer on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake, uncovered, for 25-30 minutes until no pink remains or an internal temperature of 165° F as measured by use of a food thermometer placed in the thickest part of the chicken breast fritter."
"The suggested uses for QuaDror \"include support trestles for bridges, sound buffer walls for highways, a speedy skeleton for disaster or low-income housing, and quirky public art.\""
"Hope you are having a lovely Easter weekend!"
"Share Your Journey"
"The cutting room floor"
"It should be going on at the time of writing (10am Wednesday)."
"﻿﻿﻿What a weekend! I have been hunkered down in the studio for two days. Yesterday, I received the shipment of chain and clasps I was waiting for, so I worked on finishing up more of the holiday collection, including these gorgeous (if I do say so myself) Scottish Tartan Necklaces. worked on the Faux Bone and Ivory tutorial. The publish date is near, though, my patient friends."
"In the center courtyard, the St. Regis presented an exhibit of the late artist Sara Modiano in benefit of The Sara Modiano Foundation of the Arts. Books & Books presented Diego Singh. Oscar de la Renta presented “Iran Issa-Khan Photography Book”. Oxygen presented Miami Children’s Museum artist Stephan Dominique. Jimmy Choo presented Santigo Rubino, benefitting St. Jude. Pomellato presented imagery from Annie Liebovitz, benefitting the Bass Art Museum in Miami. presented the 25th Anniversary of the Miami City Ballet by Gio Alma. Calypso presented Carolina Sardi on behalf of the Panamerican Art Gallery, benefitting the Arts Ballet Theatre of Florida. And, Saks Fifth Avenue joined artists Alain Guerra and Neraldo de la Paz presented “Manto,” a video."
"I hope you decide to give Studio J a try. It doesn't cost anything to use the application. I've heard of some who use it to determine their layout and then they use CTMH paper and accessories to create the pages. If you do decie to purchase and print the pages, they are of a high professional quality. In case you are wondering, the printed pages do not include the Studio J and scrapbooking lines accross the bottom."
"Make them accountable for every crime,"
"2- Wash the rice well and strain it, place it in a bowl with the mixture and stir till they mix well together (without cooking)."
"'That's an elementary mistake,not checking and double checking your quantities'"
"4 tbs whole coriander seeds"
"As the earth starts to warm the earthworm casts appear, inviting the return of the robins. Some tribes called this Moon the Full Crow Moon, because the cawing of crows signaled the end of winter. It was also known as the Seed Moon as it was now time for sowing."
"To be honest, there's more than one option. The second option will result in blood in the streets, the deaths of thousands or even millions, and suffering on a colossal scale. When companies don't handle their tendencies to be become too arthritic they go out of business. The equivalent for the country is collapse, civil war and chaos. Something to be avoided if at all possible. Without reform, and without throwing out large chunks of regulations, we are headed there."
"(Listen to me Greene King. Promote this stuff. You are good at this.)"
"Insofar as possible, I will use this space to update you on progress, and to report on the experience. Thanks for reading, and thanks for patronizing NABC."
"to bully such redress."
"What do Scarlett O’Hara, Michael Corleone, the Vicomte de Valmont have in common? They all have power. Scarlett is so beautiful and charming no man can resist her. She also has the power to overcome the hardships that come her way during the war."
"I’m keeping the insulated super bag handy, since Thanksgiving is just around the corner and — who knows? — maybe I’ll want to prepare turkey and all the fixin’s at my desk if I have to work that day. I could even bring a few family members along, secured safely in the side pockets."
"Kill Alex Cross by James Patterson"
"You know, the fake juice. I don’t like real juice. Blech."
"Anyway, ACC, I’m glad you’re having a good time with Ted. Rescue mounts can have their quirks, no question about it, but over time it does get better, once they’ve had time to realize that they’re safe now. And remember, yeah, those roflcopters are cool and all, but a roflcopter can’t love."
"JLL report that rents fell by 3.1% in Q1, 2011 which represents a moderation in the pace of declines which have been running at over 20% annualized in the previous four quarters."
"What breed of dog Curly was I do not know but he was medium sized and very happy all the time. He was the family's beloved pet and companion for my brothers and me, always with us when we were outside playing. Curly had long, wavy and silky brown hair, which would move about when he romped or ran with us. One day he just disappeared!"
"Since he left, his beautiful house has been vandalized: toilets, taps and pipes were removed, and doors and cupboards throughout the house were broken off from their hinges and taken away. Some of the roofing has disappeared. The farm’s dams and camps are now inoperative. Nobody wants to pay the electricity to work the pumps."
"Funny though, last Friday two people thought he was a girl and the way he was dressed and really, just looking at him, I didn't see it. Girl or boy, I love him or her to death!"
"Society trains people not to question authority. Hustlers exploit this “suspension of suspiciousness” to make you do what they want."
"I’m exploring the basic structure of things the same way I explore the skeleton in order to express the movement of a figure with one flowing line. The basic structure of most things is geometric. A byproduct of perspective drawing is intersecting planes that are not necessarily attached to the object being drawn. The shapes that appear to float in the air surrounding the object create the illusion of space and movement that I strive for. Hours vanish like cotton candy on my tongue when I’m working on these drawings."
"Yay for Labor Day, where we are free from laboring! Welcome to our Fall Fun Blog Hop. There are dozens of talented stampers on the list today just waiting to show you some cute fall projects while you lounge around in your PJs being grateful that you don't have to work today!"
"Today I welcome Ada Brownell, who shares about handling the sting of criticism. While her focus is on what she's learned from critiques and rejections of her writing projects, the principles certainly apply to any types of criticism."
"\"I like these better.\""
"Now, you risk mutiny if it shows up. Pepe hates it too. What happened?"
"The Yoga really helped me with that."
"This is the third year in a row Amorphis is making my list, and with each mature step in my mind they’re steadily climbing towards being one of metal’s most under-appreciated bands. The Beginning of Times knows exactly when to be heavy, when to be soft, and when to build appropriately on either end just enough to evoke the proper emotions. This is modern “heavy metal” the way it should be: it’s new, without being “nu”, heavy yet serene and soothing, melodic yet ballsy, not overly technical but not insultingly repetitive or simplistic. Behold: Amorphis evolved to its strongest incarnation yet."
"EPUB 3 will include:"
"8.Germany 64"
"LABOUR: VAT pie pasty sausage roll, chicken tikka slice. Pasty pasty pasty pie sausage roll Greggs!"
"Beside him was an owner of billboards."
"1 booze"
"Once you break free from the institution, the division of learning into subject areas and step-wise, age-based development markers loses much of its practical value. \"Educational standards\" are created so that institutions can measure themselves and run quality testing on their output. They don't ensure that a child gets what he needs out of his schooling. They *should* ensure that the system is working as well as it can for the needs of society. Our mission as parents is far less daunting. We have to deliver our kids to adulthood ready to take care of themselves and share this world. Homeschooling doesn't suddenly confer on us the mission of the public schools. It merely expands our opportunity for pursuing our goals as parents. I don't usually think of what we do as homeschooling, although I use the term because it's familiar to people. We're living, and learning is what happens when you're living."
"In the absence of answers, speculation is bubbling in the blogosphere that Wasilla’s policy of billing rape victims may have something to do with Ms. Palin’s extreme opposition to abortion, even in cases of rape. Sexual-assault victims are typically offered an emergency contraception pill, which some people in the anti-choice camp wrongly equate with abortion."
"As part of the Kreativ blog award, you have to mention 7 interesting things about yourself. I have already done that here, and even though there are many more such “interesting” facts about me, I will not bore you with them, today."
"*Doug is currently with some of the local branch leaders delivering supplies to Hachinohe. Evidently a lot of their resources are being diverted to Sendai so they're running short."
"I learned how to do back walk overs and back handsprings."
"I WILL HAVE NO CHARISMATIC NONSENSE OF FOCUS ON THE HOLY SPIRIT (so they think) WHEN IT IS REALLY THE MANIFESTATION OF THEIR OWN SINFUL NATURES REACTING AGAINST THE HOLY SPIRIT IN THEIR LACK OF REVERENCE, SUBMISSION, AND FOCUS ON JESUS."
"We spotter a few birds along this stretch including a Buzzard, Woodpecker, Kingfisher, White Egret and of course loads of Coots and Ducks."
"Munch wrote of how the painting came to be: “I was walking down the road with two friends when the sun set; suddenly, the sky turned as red as blood. I stopped and leaned against the fence, feeling unspeakably tired. Tongues of fire and blood stretched over the bluish black fjord. My friends went on walking, while I lagged behind, shivering with fear. Then I heard the enormous, infinite scream of nature.” He later described the personal anguish behind the painting, “for several years I was almost mad… You know my picture, ‘The Scream?’ I was stretched to the limit—nature was screaming in my blood… After that I gave up hope ever of being able to love again.”"
"Tomasz…You can follow him at @dkingpin."
"I noticed something about myself when I was recording our little loping session, though. I got nervous! Thinking about how many people might watch, and perhaps criticize, made me nervous and no doubt changed the way I rode my horse. This had an impact on Lilly as well, and I found her a bit more forward than she usually is and a couple times she jumped the gun and tried to lope without my requesting it. She hasn't done that in weeks!"
"with fragrant goodnight lips,"
"1 tbsp. butter, melted"
"Many sections of Albinia’s novel are actually narrated by Ganesh. The god wants to correct the belief that Vyasa was the author of the Mahabharata. As he tells the reader, “I freely admit that my sworn enemy is Vyasa, pedestrian composer of India’s too-long epic, a poem called the Mahabharata, every word of which I wrote” (Albinia 26). Ganesh also wants to reveal Vyasa’s true character. He says: “Now, in the Mahabharata, Vyasa portrays himself as a holy sage, with matted hair and an otherworldly air, an expert teacher, the counsellor of kings, the wise old grandfather of his characters. He builds up a fabulous portrait: comforting yet aloof, clever yet alluring. I have only one problem with this benign vision: it is totally untrue. In these pages of mine, I will correct the misapprehension under which mortals have languished for so long. I will show how Vyasa disrespected ladies, failed to dissuade his descendants from mutual carnage, gave students of literature headaches with his prose.” (29)."
"I'm really looking forward to connecting with you at Pinterest and checking out your boards :) Make sure to comment below to let us know that you are an active participant and not just another link posted in this hop. Hugs & Blessings!"
"It is totally acceptable and reasonable to have dreams and for politicians to lead people with the promise of dreams and it is very successful, ask any member of the ANC, because it has always worked for them. It ensures a following and it provides financial support and builds esprit de corps within the group, but unfortunately it is also blinding."
"Mom is heading through week 20 and in a few short months we will welcome Baby girl Dazz. I can hardly wait."
"me blue. Curled bodies, close,"
"Coloureds targetted by ANC chief spokesman Jimmy Manyi:"
"We were back in KL during the weekend for the celebration and also slowly moving some of our stuffs back from Jakarta to KL."
"A wall standing alone is useless, but put three or four walls"
"It is impossible to imagine anyone other than Stephen Fry reading Harry Potter. Impossible. We have played this set of cds (9 hours + in total) over and over again, and we will never tire of it. At least, I won't."
"Basically what I did was take the green & blue gelato sticks and rubbed them onto white cardstock. I spritzed some water on it, then used my finger to smear it around to mix the colours together. I did this a few more times until I got the effect I liked. Once it dried, I spritzed it with Glimmer Mist (Pixie Dust) to give it a shimmer. I WISH you could see it in real life, it is really pretty!!!!"
"I could easily see this being required reading for a Philosophy 101 course because of the simplistic style of writing and the sheer depth of Vandenburg’s arguments about the mind. This book is meant to stimulate thought and it does, whether you’ve come to his same conclusions already or not."
"Helmet."
"So, it kind of makes me warm to the guy. I mean, he was clearly in touch with his feminine side and yet he wrote this darkly sinister story about a Tranny(lol)sylvanian Count who swept Lizard-like about the walls of his castle and drained the blood of every lily-skinned female who crossed his path."
"Color Name/Number: Blue Water"
"1 misapprehension"
"I can't figure out if it's best to just make them pick something early to give me the time to purchase/make whatever we need ... or to just let them keep randomly cycling through their preferences until the week before Halloween and then *shudder* fight the crowds to get what they want."
"02 European Superstate"
"Hideji cascade lager"
"But while crime fell across the cities of Chicago and Atlanta, it may have fallen less in census tracts which absorbed a larger share of former public housing residents. They note:"
"I left the East coast and moved to Oregon. Oregon was a new world for me with mountains and coast close by. I could find myself in the midst of either by traveling east or west for one hour. I frequently visited the Cascade Range and found the town of Sisters to be my favorite. Passing through Sisters for the first time I picked up a hand drawing of a Native American girl, took it home, framed it, hung it on the wall and called it my first piece of purchased art."
"Memorable quotes"
"She told officers that two men had subjected her to repeated sexual abuse, plying her with vodka before raping her."
"His books are — like Amanda Hocking’s — all published in e-format. So he is an expert in the self-publish world."
"They entered a mosh of residents, nosey kids, and semi-respectful adults. The hurried officers paid no attention to them as they found the sergeant on duty."
"that form the loopholes"
"Obasanjo was in charge of his country’s security. Where were militants and Boko Haram when Obasnjo was active as Commander in Chief? Well, they were existing, but I don’t know of any who claimed to have masterminded attacks (Please I stand to be corrected). I revere the man Obasanjo for this singular reason which is grand to me. His domineering and somewhat autocratic style of leadership is enviable. Did you notice how he even talked to his governors during economic summits? “Governor Akwa Ibom, do you think we are here to joke?” As though the governors were his sons. After all, aren’t they? This charisma, guts and his aggressive mind of his is obviously traced not to his military background only but also as a war lord! Who the hell are you Boko Haram in the presence of the man who captured the Biafra war (Colonel Obasanjo of 3rd Marine Commando Division!)?"
"so fun!"
"When I came home the house was immaculate. Carissa and a friend had cleaned it from top to bottom. She'd also done all of her washing, fed and groomed the cats, enjoyed a home cooked flat head dinner and rearranged and de-cluttered her room. And she said \"You should go away more often. I completed three essays and read a bunch\" and that made me feel both proud and not missed. What can I say? We raise our children to live without us. Mine is doing just fine at the moment and she's almost 17."
"That's all for today-I need to get back to my house guests. Please let me know what you think about it, you know I love to hear from you!"
"Dirty Bastard Scotch Ale is brewed by a local Grand Rapids brewery (Founder's), and I'll be quite curious to head down there sometime in the next few weeks to actually try this beer from the tap."
"These are the papers that I ordered from Stampington, and I just LOVE them! And as an added bonus, I discovered the artist--Donna Estabrooks---she is the artist that designed these papers, and before this I didn't know who she was, but I sure do now--just go to her website and you'll see what I mean. If you like lots of color and whimsy, you'll love her too--well...... just look at these papers!"
"The butterfly stamp and punch is from SU. The ribbon, the bling and the rest of the decoration is from my collection."
"My lay-out is basically the same, but i used an image from Fawn Palmer called Chiharmony and those that visit me often, knows that i use one of these often, just love the versatility and there quite a few of these, just visit the STORE and see the variety and much more...........:))"
"In the early stages of the conflict, violence is likely to be spontaneous, disorganized, and relatively low in fatalities due to the lack of availability of weapons and the vigorous riot control efforts of the authorities. However, once the Rubicon has been crossed and it has become clear to both sides that any sort of peaceful coexistence is impossible, cooler heads on both sides will start asking themselves what their long-term objectives should be and how they are most likely to be achieved."
"I remove my headphones and talk back."
"The ribbon, doilie and tag are from my personal stash."
"These latest 'eye poking clothes' have been snapped up by the fashion conscious community and celebrities alike. They are available at all durian stalls throughout the country."
"most appalling wrong, why it’ll be concentration camps next, watch towers and long trains pulling wagons loaded with a human cargo, why to even think racially is an evil, didn’t you know we’re all the same, all of us, all equal none better and none worse, merely equal, merely here and nothing else."
"So that’s all it took! growing a hairy pair of cojones and removing a mental block. Yes, believe it or not, I can backroll. It was easy, I can’t believe I hadn’t done it before, bla bla bla backroll."
"Since Ooh La Frou Frou is all about glamorous fantasy,"
"Folders & Pockets: Make sure they will fit 8.5” x 11” paper since most notes you’ll be taking and contracts will be printed on that size."
"The remedy of course is Christ and a total revamping and transformation of our minds (Romans 12:1-2). Somehow the Holy Spirit works in us to communicate the love of the Father for us as His adopted children (Romans 8). But we can also benefit in our battle with shame by seeking out help from others the Lord might put in our path. For example, I would recommend Released from Shame: Moving Beyond the Pain of the Past , by Sandra D. Wilson. It is written from a Christian perspective. Probably for many of us, we would do well to get into some kind of counseling and/or therapy group for help in overcoming shame. It is a really big mistake to try to deal with this one by ourselves. Many victims of abuse have so given themselves to helping others – such as their children – that they have neglected to seek help and therapy for themselves. And that is not a good thing to continue to do."
"Sookie’s character has mellowed down – that’s a wonderful feeling."
"Families of Russian servicemen from the Russian base at Gyumri in Armenia close to the borders of Georgia and Turkey already have been evacuated, Russian sources say."
"I thought you would get a kick out of a little editing trick I did on this picture."
"I started with the pencil, as that was the easiest, and I was getting tired of working with neutral colors, that I was happy to throw some intense color into the image. The pencil was colored with the same Y21 I used on the golden horse, but this time, I accented it with YR04. The wooden area was colored with E11 & E13. I colored the graphite with N7, even though it looks like a deep black. Then I wrote in the pencil brand with my multiliner. (Recently I met the wonderful people at General Pencil Co, the last US-based pencil manufacturer. They use wood from trees logged right here in Oregon, so they are my new favorite pencil company!)."
"REPORT: PRECARIOUS HOUSING IN CANADA"
"\"Honey, where are you?\" Vackie asked me."
"\"Yup!\" He replied, as he danced around to whatever music was playing in his head."
"Shallots, 5 pcs, cut thinly"
"I was working when this call came in. Our crews did an excellent job and were very professional about it all. Of course, inevitably, the news leaked out and it was all over Twitter, then Wikipedia, then the 'proper' news picked it up. Amy Winehouse was found dead and, apart from what I've written so far, that's as much as I can go into the subject."
"I am in deep need everyday in all sorts of ways. What if I could not go to God with all of those needs, including any struggle against sin, or failure? Because that is not spiritual, but soulish. That may be good Platonism, but it is not (good) Christianity. The Spirit will help us to pray according to God’s will. And will give us the heart and mind to do so. But we come to God in all our weaknesses, just as we are. We talk to our Father about our struggles and griefs, fears and concerns. All a part of our soul (= life), and all which indeed matter to God."
"Originally by: Trey Songz & Ne-Yo"
"Happy New Year to all our wonderful readers out there! What kind of cocktails are we having this evening? Are we part of the beautiful crowd and dressing up and going out or are we part of the \"meh, I'm comfortable\" crowd and staying home to enjoy friends and family without all the wrapping and trimming? Whichever category you fit in -- *myself, I fit in the I'm staying home to help take care of my granddaughter crowd* but I know Shauni is somewhere in between the beautiful people and the comfortable people That's Cuz she's cute no matter what! *Rolling my eyes* -- some people get it all ya know? *Wink*"
"1 failed"
"If the good people of Knox County decide they’ve finally had enough – and a whole lot more of them are going to be outraged this morning when they weren’t at all yesterday, and the rest are gonna be a lot more outraged than they were yesterday – those responsible for issuing that horribly ill-timed and poorly handled statement to the press aren’t going to have anyone to blame but themselves. Period."
"But if you aren't ready to file, don't freak -- you can get an easy, automatic six-month extension, courtesy of the IRS. You just pay what you guestimate you owe, and avoid all late-filing and late-payment penalties. Then you get till October 15 to find all that missing paperwork and do it right."
"Just a quick post on my Cheetah print mani today. This is one of the more popular stamping manis out there, because it is funky, fun and easy to do! Even though the stamping could be crisper, I am quite happy with the final product!"
"\"Good thinkin' Pete!\""
"In short, the entire United State Postal Service could be out of business by winter. Clearly, that would be more gas on the fire of the economic crisis we face as a nation, making it even that much harder to climb out of the current depression. Sadly, this could mean that if cuts are necessary to save the USPS, it’s easy to see how those cuts would affect service in our community."
"To Madeleine Hanna’s puzzlement and most readers’ exasperated sighs, the traditional marriage plot takes a twist in Eugenides’s new take on an old trope. This might not be the book to read on Valentine’s Day. But it’s a great read on a day when you’re not swamped in sentimentalism. Like tomorrow, for instance."
"However the girls were the last thing on my mind at that moment. For there were more serious concerns. I would soon be in an unknown city with not a penny in my pocket. I was wishing I had hidden some money inside my socks, in the secret pocket of my pant and inside my bag as I always used to. I of course still had my room bookings. But what would I do for food and my journey back to Cologne? I did not even have money to call up my friends. Only hope was to turn myself in at the local police station and hope they would safely deport me back to India. Only silver lining on the cloud would be that I could save on the return air fare if the Austrian police sent me back at their cost."
"Where the intuitive connection with the pre-individual"
"ohhh i love clogs! i was hoping to find the perfect pair from stockholm two weeks ago, with no luck. but i'm going back in a couple of weeks, and so the search continues.."
"and change you: bluesy, fly-by-night,"
"In that same year in Tulsa a seventeen year-old was charged with the killing of a homeless man after repeatedly hitting him with a rock. The fifty-two year-old homeless man suffered a crushed skull from the multiple blows. It was reported that the attack was unprovoked."
"The Ribbon Girl is giving a prize on the ABC Christmas Challenge today so I was invited to be a Guest DT and this is my card. If you enter every fortnightly challenge you will have 25 cards ready for next Christmas!! I will be joining in for sure! Why not pop over - there are some fab prizes to be won and wonderful Christmas cards from the Design Team and Guests"
"I asked the lady if the shop was just a pop up shop and she told me that it was now a permanent fixture which is fantastic as I've always wanted to see all the MO polishes before buying and I find that Boots don't stock the entire range."
"COHEN P, DARLING C, HAMPSON AW, DOWNS K, TASSET-TISSEAU A. Influenza vaccination in an occupational setting: effectiviness and cost-benefit study. J Occup Health Safety (Aust, NZ) 2003; 19: 167-182."
"If anyone of you know anything about me, you all know that my obsession with Library Science began when I was a small kid. My biggest heroines were librarians—no matter how mean people thought that they were or no matter how withdrawn some seemed at the time. I always wanted to be a Librarian and the spirit of Librarianism has been inside of me since I first picked up a book."
"The purpose of this strategy is to fast your body for the 45min training, which helps you to empty all your energy reserves that is stored as fat."
"Just about all my items I had listed sold on ebay. Selling them is good - the photography, listing and packing all time consuming though. Still I guess I can safely say that the house has been slightly decluttered over the past week."
"If you already know what a Protoss probe is, then I have a nerdy gold star for you. If not, then I have non-nerdy gold star for you. Starcraft is an RTS (real time strategy) computer game is which two people play pick a race (Protoss, Zerg, or Terran) and then try to destroy each other's bases ... or something."
"Grapes and Raisins- cause major stomach, kidney, and renal issues"
"The seven-layer burrito, as created and sold by Taco Bell, is a wondrous thing."
"This game was done as a graduation project from the animation department in Bezalel academy. The project created by 2 students: Oren Rubin and Alon Simon."
"So, I think it started as a dream. I was working in a security team in my old school, but it was a new building, completely rebuild, yet it had the old layout before the refurbishment intact, still the corridors led to new rooms and stairs were there were no stairs before. Like in a dream, actually. Everything is the same, yet different, yet still the same."
"visited History sites related to Vikings"
"Isn't it just WOW? =P"
"A simple but effective solution"
"I am pretty sure I know what caused mine. Well kind of.... I have it narrowed down and probably all of them together did it."
"We will rock the floor"
"older son attends for kindergarten. We cross one street, and then the last"
"earshot. It can hold whiners back"
"Communication is important – like sending an email if something gets cancelled so you don’t drive all the way somewhere for nothing!"
"Being a large white heterosexual male, I am (at least superficially) one of the least likely sorts to suffer discrimination. The only time I really felt discriminated against was when I worked briefly in a Japanese-run company, where it was made abundantly clear that people like me were lesser animals. Finding that attitude among engineers was shocking at the time, but I know many other folks experience the same thing every day."
"You appeared for lunch"
"Iran and Brazil developed strong links during the Lula’s presidency, who in 2010 helped with the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to reach an agreement for the exchange of nuclear fuel between Tehran and the West which was later denied by the US and its western allies."
"A Feast of Snakes by Harry Crews"
"I would surely love to see you at a session soon!"
"Average monthly return: +2.402%"
"stuffed with clean rags for weight... penciled & stitched features..."
"The waiting. It never ends. You wait to hear back on queries. Then partials. Then offers of rep. Then publishing houses. Then editors notes. Then second-round notes. Then copy edits. Then cover art. Then proofs. Then ARCs. Then schedules. Then blurbs. Then OMG YOU ARE THE ZEN FUCKING MASTER OF WAITING."
"I've hit a wall, though. I've encountered several books I would love to read, but they are only in e-book format. I'm considering asking for a reader for my birthday, but I have heard bad things about Kindle, and I've been told it matters a LOT what reader I choose to get. I want one that will pretty much read anything--I don't want to find out after I've bought the stupid thing that it only reads SOME books--and I want one that is easy to manipulate and read. Can I read it in the sunshine? Do I have to be in a darkened room? How heavy is it?"
"The things I remember not so fondly? Waiting 30 minutes for a takeaway coffee at the SLQ’s cafe (though it wasn’t my coffee so I was perhaps less impatient than if it actually was mine I was waiting for), everything about that first panel I attended, and the addition of the bloody bridge that almost made me late for a panel that, in hindsight, I wouldn’t have minded missing in the least."
"Once I got my cramps to subside, I dealt with exploding blisters on my toes around mile 16, and an annoying side stitch and nausea in the last few miles of the race. Ah, marathoning. The differences between my reaction to this race and the last one though, were huge - I really learned to run through pain and discomfort, and to push myself, in the last year."
"my jeffrey."
"Cilantro for garnishing"
"We visited his birthmom again, and he expressed an appropriate amount of sadness at the way her life turned out. (\"we all got new families, but she is all alone.\") and then he let it go- and moved on with life. Huge progress."
"Prepare brownie batter according to package directions for 9 x 13 pan, adding 1/4 cup hot fudge ice cream topping, unheated and straight from the jar to the batter. Cool completely."
"I sure did!"
"Boost Pain (Psionic)"
"(This is at a family friend's wedding. My hair is soooo long you can't even see it all in this picture. BLAH)"
"After that comply with the task in order to evaluate improvement. Send memory joggers if you want to. Review work along the way if that’s appropriate."
"Don’t bury me here it’s too cold"
"Lastly the hubs used his skill saw to cut out the holes.. and thats it.. our very own bean bag toss game!"
"Some items I had to stare at for a while to try and remember what in the world I was thinking when I saved it."
"The marinara was good quality store-bought."
"I managed to win Lotto again, tonight. Which I thought was pretty amusing."
"To: McGuire, Lisa E.; Lay, Kathy"
"i thought it would be the perfect scale for a single succulent. i put a large handful of pebbles into the bottom if each container, placed the plant on top, and covered the top of the plan with more rocks."
"To sum this up-- why don't I throw my son out? If he had stolen from us to buy the drugs, I would. If I had found the drugs, or paraphernalia, I would have. I think he's suffering enough as it is."
"Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has gone, the new has come!"
"Waist 38\" (down 1\")"
"This is a most self-serving and irresponsible statement, not to mention dangerous."
"A 1920's child’s chain driven Alfa Romeo P2 pedal car, with spring suspension and rubber wheels, 150cm long"
"\"The anxiety children feel at constantly being tested, their fear of failure, punishment, and disgrace, severely reduces their ability to perceive and to remember, and drives them away from the material being studied into strategies for fooling teachers into thinking they know what they really don't know.\""
"Sorry I didn’t manage to get round many desks last week – there are so many now that it is impossible to see them all and have some sort of other life as well – let alone actually do some creating!! Thanks to everyone who visited my blog, and for your lovely comments, all much appreciated. I made a new friend through WOYWW last week – Diana Taylor of Velvet Moth Studio – I did a special post about her because her work impressed me so much. Also this past week, it was M.E. International Awareness Day on Saturday and I did a special post about that, which took a long time and a lot of thought, because there’s so much that could be said! If you haven’t already read this post, I ask you please to do so, because we need to dispel the ignorance about this disease."
"Instead Avery and I have been settling into new routines in new places. We've been adapting to living in a house with other people instead of just being the two of us. We've imposed new rules and done away with pull ups. Y'all my baby girl is now in panties 24/7. How did THAT happen?"
"So what can it do for you that all these other networks cannot?"
"Today is Autism Awareness Day and son C, who has an autism spectrum disorder, is vehemently opposed to the entire concept. He explained why very eloquently on his Facebook page, and I won't copy and paste his words here, but I will say he gave me a lot to think about."
"How cute are these tags?! I used Liquid Pearls to make it look like actual icing on their adorable little bodies. The holly, berries, and cheeks of the sweet girl are sparkly and I tied the two tags together with gorgeous Trendy Twine."
"Cardstock from Colorbok is 4x9\""
"It seems that the wealth of the world is in the hands of a few who put measures in place so that no matter the extent of their philanthropic endeavours towards the poor, the poor will have an almost next to impossible task of recovering enough to even dream of catching up with them."
"I don't always want to talk about it but sometimes I do because my whole life is so tied up with how it affects me and how it makes me feel."
"Experience in the field"
"A coroner determined that neglect led to the boy’s death by “animal eating.”"
"Having moved here during the flood event of last year, river swimming was the last thing on our minds. Lately, though, when it's been hot and we couldn't be bothered with the hassles of finding parking near the beach, or didn't have time to drive all the way to Bribie Island where we could take the 4WD onto the sand, we've turned our thoughts to river swimming."
"It has been a while since I last wrote on this blog where I barely qualify as a co-author. Even with complete apathy from both myself and RK, Arun has managed to revive this little project of ours time and again. And for this, I think he should be lauded. I also write this at an inflection point in my life – I have recently completed 25 years on this planet and quit my job and am headed to the IIMs. I know that I might seem grossly under qualified to make some comments and hence this post might seem hypocritical. But I have recently begun to appreciate the need for good governance and the recent events at the institute have occurred in a bizarre fashion."
"But Posh Spice. She would have the power of glamour, the British spelling the only appropriate way to express it. There it is, the g-word. The online dictionary defines glamor/glamour as :"
"Following that I did some rough brushing and then dry brushing with an off white and gun metal to give it that \"lived in\" look. The block work was actually scribed in, I'm going to put more effort into the next one. About 8 more of these to go!"
"same size. Other times we’d sandwich the guava between two slices of the cream"
"With just a little but enough back answering to let you know"
"an egg white and some Black Cumin for covering of the rolls"
"So the archbishop was wrong to attack them on this issue. Banks did have a case for increasing rates. He may have been trying to say they did not explain their case adequately. But, if so, what is he complaining about? Some kind of PR failure?"
"Anyway, regardless of whether we have more new music to review and discuss, I declare the effort a success for the sole reason that it has brought singer-songwriter Lydia Loveless into my auditory universe."
"For today's card I wanted to use a stamp I haven't inked up. I have tons of those and I feel really bad about that. One of my goals is to ink those forgotten stamps up and put them on a card! I looked through my Sweet November stamps and thought Piper's Surprise would be the perfect image for a birthday card. Shame on me for not inking her up before today."
"I'm hoping that I'm a combination of BOTH of my loving grandmothers when it comes to the memories I create with my two grandchildren. I want Jonas and Paisley to know the following ..."
"In order to comply with FDA regulations, Lorillard had until June 22, 2010, to rebrand tobacco products marketed as “Lights”, “Ultra-Lights”, “Medium”, “Mild”, “Full Flavor”, or similar designations to belie the false impression that some tobacco products are comparatively safe."
"If you're still in doubt as to whether this event is becoming a reality, check out the Countdown Clock on the official website."
"this young man is no quitter."
"Women, wear heavy eye makeup, tight skinny jeans with high top Nikes, tshirts or dress shirts with a leather jacket. I am not sure if it is because it was slightly chilly, but the seas of people were mostly dominated in women with black pea coats or tan trench coats."
"Read just one poem a day."
"Watching a car drive away, laden with a life."
"Of course, most of the time the school in question has only been in Division I for a few years after enjoying success in Division II or the NAIA. Occasionally the team is supplemented, if not dominated, by sketchy transfers or refugees from a local work-release center. It doesn’t matter, though — it’s in the field of 65. The school becomes part of the madness of March, and its supporters will cheer wildly (often televised from a local sports bar) when its name is called by James Brown on Selection Sunday."
"These people care absolutely nothing about voting and media and all the other mind-control techniques. They’ve studied the problem for a long time and found the chink in the armor."
"I didn't have time to wash my face when I woke up, Oscar was begging to go out. So, I figured, meh, whatever. I dont care."
"You'll notice though, that while being an Avenger is something that Brian would clearly love to do, he does initially turn it down. You can see the disappointment on his face, but out of a sense that he might be letting people down - his team-mates, the people of Britain maybe. That's just how he is. Its a key point to his character. He's a very personable human being - something which was made pretty clear throughout Captain Britain and MI13. Despite his posh boy roots he remains a man of the people, and he's connected to them on a level few other National Superheroes could ever possibly know. Because that connection actually is a physical thing. It part and parcel of his very powers."
"When we are compelled by Him to come clean or to confess, we had better do it right away so that we can receive His forgiveness. Otherwise we might risk our hearts becoming harder and harder for His spirit to reach us. We can enter God’s rest by having a heart filled with courage, confidence and trust."
"and love and a better future?"
"The funds will help finance the group’s attempted acquisition of London’s Stansted facility – the fourth busiest airport in the United Kingdom. The group currently owns three other airports, at East Midlands, Bournemouth and Humberside."
"(8) there is evidence of abnormalities in the autonomic nervous system (including a failure to maintain blood pressure, abnormal responses of the heart rate, and unusual pooling of blood in the legs, as well as low levels of blood volume);"
"Not all seven made the cut, I only had a few select favourites, those that didn’t make it will most likely get a second chance if I decide to return to them in future."
"But sometimes he takes down the wall."
"Tom: Penalty, replay 2nd down, 9 ticks."
"Angela Hill’s story, published Sunday in Bay Area News Group papers, explores why it isn’t easy being green…in fact it can be downright confusing. What may claimed to be green, when looking at the carbon imprint and the amount of energy used in manufacturing a “green” product may net an adverse impact on Mother Earth. So sometimes when we are trying to be green we may not be…thankfully sometimes we are. The story offers tips and sites where you can go to help make good green decisions."
"my heart is my treasure,"
"The author has had half-dead lizards dropped in his lap or at his feet, and countless cat owners get presented with similar “gifts”—dead or half-dead birds, mice, toads and so on. It horriﬁes some people but delights others."
"Theseus Cassio Lowood has inherited his father’s job. His duty is to rid the world of ghosts that kill humans. Note: the word “rid” Yep, you can’t “kill” a ghost, they’re already dead. And don’t even think about calling Cas something as demeaning as a Ghostbuster. The kid has killed over 20 ghosts in a few short years. Traveling across the country to perform his duty."
"The first step is to be a guest at a meeting of the Legion of Mary."
"--iNot only protects your iPad, it also holds iPad in the perfect positions for typing, viewing slideshows, and watching movies."
"So, we got the marshmallows out! Experimenting with food is always fun!"
"In commentary for the New York Times, John McWhorter writes that our movement towards informal writing in the form of texts and e-mails is “a sign of a new sophistication in our society.” How’s that? McWhorter compares the rise of texting to the rise of language itself. He writes: “The earliest writing was based on the way people talk, and that meant short sentences with a direct logical throughline.” By extension, texting is merely a continuation of this millennia-old communication. It too is based on the way people talk and because of the speed of modern text communication, it permits a text-based conversation."
"A few examples:"
"This weekend I felt on top again and it was a shock to the system to get so much attention. I didn’t have my ass outta doors, 0r the worlds skimpiest outfit on so to be honest I wasn’t expecting even a fraction of the attention I got. I’ll be honest; last night I felt beautiful, like someone would be proud to have me on their arm, to show me to mummy and to wake up to me everyday for the rest of their life, flaws and all!"
"The varieties of household paint proliferate;"
"ANIMATION: B-"
"Last week, I posted the list of 1940′s Films I came up with that I aspired to watch. I knew I would not be able to watch them all, so I asked for recommendations from readers about which films I should make it a point not to miss. Here are the results! What I will end up doing is making most of the films with votes a priority, with an additional few that received no votes. There are a few of these that are hard to get ahold of, and this may be an additional factor as to what gets seen."
"Suddenly the bell sounded. He just got up and left. Abby stayed seated, heart broken."
"Syrian rebels kill two army colonels"
"Kid #3 But she’s dead sh*t head."
"The chick who does my indexing also parties hearty."
"Thank you all for your love and support."
"What I think Pollan’s comment lacks, though, is a bit of context. Not all vegetarians are “animal-rights purists.” More importantly, it isn’t just the purists who have criticized Pollan’s stance on vegetarianism."
"i've read this one a zillion times: if something happened to your friend and she came to you, telling you what upset her and began to cry, would you distract her by changing the subject? nope, you'd put all your attention on her and listen – calmly just being there for her."
"His blistering goalscoring form has coincided with a horrible goal drought for his compatriot and strike partner, Ba Ba Senegalese Sheep. The Sheep with the fish lips smashed the bar but Cisse’s clinical ability and confidence in front of goal was epitomized by his first finish. However, his second goal was a stuff made in your wildest fantasies."
"EMMA’S STORY UNFOLDS"
"Me: \"Nah, I don't want to learn right now\""
"Great Watcher, we surrender ourselves before You and we ask You to watch, save, preserve, protect and cover us under Your Wings throughout this month and may who ever makes evil attempts against our lives, pay with their own lives in Jesus Name, we pray. Amen*7times, 7times and 7times."
"They won't chat with prom queens, politicians, or earn a TV special. Their"
"There was also joy, hope, and a lot of inspiration that constantly appeared"
"PACHUCKI CT, WALSH PAPPAS SA, FULLER GF, KRAUSE SL, LENTINO JR, SCHAAFF DM. Influenza A among hospital personnel and patients. Implications for recognition, prevention and control. Arch Intern Med 1989; 149: 77-80."
"You may already be a follower of our Crafty Ribbons Challenge Blog. If not be sure to check it out at http://craftyribbonschallenge.blogspot.co.uk/. There's a new challenge every fortnight with prizes....."
"Yesterday, Greece’s central bank governor said his country would have to leave the eurozone if politicians do not stick to the austerity programme after the elections due to take place on 6 May."
"I worked this Sunday, the whole weekend in fact. Fortunately I could work from home and do some cooking at the same time, so that working on a sunny and hot Sunday wouldn't be so terrific. These alfajores-like biscuits are very simple and you can have loads of them from one dough because they are so small, and cute! But... beware! there is quite a bit of butter on them, what were you expecting? smooth dough = butter. Anyways after eating the first you won't care anymore. They are ideal for an evening with friends with some tea, coffee or mate in between, whatever you prefer!"
"Jenny and I walked the aisles of cages, our hearts breaking with each please-take-me-home-faced animal we passed. Pit bull and Chihuahua after Pit bull and Chihuahua. Great dogs ready to be adopted, but I knew they were’t right for me. Finally we found Shelby’s cage. Shelby was indeed an adorable white 8-year-old Jack Russell with one black patch over her eye. Well, her eye socket. A sign on the cage read “Not sure what happened to her eye.” I’m sure she’s a great pet to someone now, but I just couldn’t do it. I was looking for my first dog ever (never even had a family dog as a kid) and was unprepared to handle a gaping eye socket."
"Can feel the knife taking out the bones of the prize salmon."
"Out of all three of these train wrecks, what really gets my feathers ruffled the most is that these girls are MAIN CHARACTERS!! A good angst-ridden story wouldn’t be complete with at least one of them making a guest appearance, but as the PROTAGONIST? And authors expect me to relate to this character? Really? Let’s not do this, people, and if you do, please allow these brats to learn from their mistakes. They should set an example of what not to emulate, instead of something young girls should aspire to become. High school is just a blink in the vast scope of life, and pissing people off in the real world will make said life very short."
"I also have been playing with my new Flower Soft Stamps - for these cards I experimented and stamped the images with a pigment ink before washing over it with a water brush."
"Commodification of care"
"At first I was disappointed that really creative people lived such ordinary,lives. Where are the adventures? Then it occurred to me that they didn't have any. Those who live in their imaginations don't need to actually climb mountains, sail single handedly round the world, become experts at martial arts or learn the secrets of the genome - they can just pretend - which, while it is a whole lot cheaper and less exhausting, also makes less interesting copy."
"I know now where I’ve been"
"“What’s your alternative, Claypool?” Dr. Emerson shot back. “That we should all die? We’re still 48 days from Earth. This ain’t the commander’s fault. He’s just dealing with it.”"
"I used to live in a house that was built directly opposite a church. A Church of Scotland church, no less. For those of you who have no clue about the Church of Scotland, just imagine a life in grey cardigans, incessantly tutting and in possession of a big Jesus-shaped straw to suck the joy out of, well, everything."
"* President Obama’s breaking his promise to make faith-based organizations comply with federal anti-discrimination law as a condition of getting federal money;"
"I also managed to finish a small art quilt which i am entering for the 3 creative studios color palette challenge. I love the purple silk dupioni layered with painted orange batting and foil. I added angelina fibres machine and hand stitching and a few beads."
"I’ve been having a lot of fun this past week or so writing daily for Korean Indie‘s Top Band 2 posts (if you haven’t checked them out yet, you can find the links to the posts in the Review Index; the index will continue to be updated daily with links until the show begins in May, and then it will be updated weekly), and discovering a lot of new Korean indie bands that hadn’t really entered my radar before. It’s a nice and refreshing change to write about Korean music instead of dramas (although I do post a lot of music-related stuff for the YouTube Clip Of The Week feature), and to do it with a group of people, at that. Makes me think about changing things up on this blog a bit."
"Blu-ray Catalog: 39222"
"Additionally- The first 25 entries will be added to a drawing for a goody box. (contents will be stamping doodads, and stamps) The entries must be received by February 17 to be considered for the drawing."
"Finn faces a maximum sentence of one year in prison and a $1,000 fine on the misdemeanor charge."
"Author: Jayne and Lord Byron"
"Hospital in Empangeni on Wednesday night after undergoing an emergency"
"My sister and I have both suffered from"
"Reporting Results:"
"I don't know whether I say the words aloud, but I do remember thinking them."
"and of course,"
"When she came to Elgin she worked at Henderson Furniture. She had to dust the furniture and use a Ewbank on the carpets. There was no vacuum cleaner to use."
"The story is told by a forty-four-year-old man writing on 1st August 1979 looking back to when he was a boy. Most of the story concentrates on when he was twelve and thirteen but he does jump about a bit in fact the narrator’s quirky perception of time is one of the delights to this piece. The story itself – a fictionalised memoir – is quite straightforward but he tells the story as he remembers things and this necessitates leaps in time and breaks in the narrative. What he’s really doing is putting off saying what he has to say because no amount of context is going to change it or the effect what is going to happen / has happened has had / will have on his life. If you can picture a forty-four-year-old man looking back to when he was a twelve-year-old who’s looking forward to when he’ll be thirteen you’ve probably got the right kind of mindset for this book. Of course we remember things differently as we age. Here’s a good example:"
"Look at the MIC under Tan Sri V. Manickavasagam and Tun V.T. Sambanthan. MIC was solid because of the leaders. It was strong. Same with Tun Tan Siew Sin. He took care of our money as finance minister. Not just the Chinese respected him, even the Malays."
"We try to avoid being all together in a very small space (which makes breakfast on the porch more difficult), and we still watch them closely and don't leave them alone together, but I think that this relationship is going to work out after all. I think when she gets a little bigger, and a little less chewy, and a little less bouncy, Riley is really going to love having a friend."
"I had the distinct pleasure of sharing a conference call yesterday afternoon with defending Olympic 400 meter champion LaShawn Merritt. This year’s World silver medalist is in base training for the upcoming Olympic Games, preparing hard to defend his title."
"“Every now and then go away, have a little relaxation, for when you come back to your work your judgment will be surer; since to remain constantly at work will cause you to lose your power of judgment. Go some distance away because the work appears smaller and more of it can be taken in at a glance, and a lack of harmony or proportion is more readily seen.” (Leonardo Da Vinci)"
"If CO2 is a game involving the paintball fields in minnesota? Actually, today most players of the paintball fields in minnesota of wounds can easily be disputed. Some people argue that paintball restrictions are actually way too laid-back, others would suggest that paintball restrictions are actually way too laid-back, others would suggest that paintball athletes have applied their particular enthusiasm not to mention effort for the paintball fields in minnesota, especially the paintball fields in minnesota through time. Markers are modified and remodeled paintball markers for people who don't have one, but allow players to take this away from these big guns, because its really all they have great customer service."
"But that’s just me though."
"#3 Like My Memories on Facebook, return to my blog and leave yet another comment on my blog."
"My sciatic nerve has been the basis for which I can only assume - God decided it was time for me to figure out that I don’t have to kiss any butt belonging to anything on my property that never sits at our dining room table for meals."
"Have fun with Alliance Eternal! :)"
"Level 14: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 12%."
"Pete Jordan is a highly respected and well traveled DJ, who has toured with the likes of Dizzee Rascal and the Prodigy, he also happens to have just released his new record label – Weird Science. Pete took the time out to speak to our collaborator Matthew Trevett about his view on the music industry at the moment and his ideas for 2012."
"Rites, initiation, differentiation and association"
"OK, back to the not so great side of customer service."
"As usual, our crackerjack design team has been busily creating some projects that we hope will inspire you to join in our challenge this week:"
"Ardell Lashes #102"
"Aaaaallllsssooo, I’ll be making some changes to my life. I really wish this yayog program were over already. Sorry, but no. Also I’ve modified IAMOG to be more in Body Rock format again. But aaallsooo, I am going to start training for boot camp. I want to be able to meet the same standards as the guys. The Air Force BMT Physical Fitness Test says that the highest standard is the Warhawk, Run (1.5 mile) at 8:08 min, 75 Push-ups, 80 Sit-ups and 20 Pull-ups. So I’ll be training to reach that level BEFORE I go. Maybe I’ll do the Hundred Push Ups program, the 200 Sit Ups program and the 20 Pull Ups Program."
"in its rhyme with galley. The actual pronunciation for Edmond"
"Level 30: MP Cost: 32, Damage: 360%, Number of Attacks: 4, 40% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 30% for 100 seconds. The last attack is critical."
"Then Isabel moved on to race car driving. These games are great at her age. They’re constantly in demo mode and she has no idea she’s not actually playing. Plus it causes her to sit still for a least a second or two. Look at the focus!"
"Tragic avoided - I pulled the huge ottoman in from the living room and placed it in front of the new sofa. The kids lounged back and threw their feet up there, quick like. All was now right in the world!"
"Not possible. Why? The idiot at the warehouse could not explain why. Why? Because the less the people answering those calls for complaints know, the better for the people higher up. All they care about is that they don't have to go an extra inch, let alone a mile for a customer."
"Spoiler's Death / Leslie Thompkins' Character Assassination- It sucked, people hated it, it went away."
"Although the path to purchase may appear unclear as consumers conduct the shopping process across multiple channels, Pollak encouraged mobile marketers to think about factors such as a consumer’s distance from a store and the days and times when mobile usage spikes. For example, tablet usage peaks during after-work hours and smartphone usage spikes during weekend days. Connecting and strategizing based on those statistics will help mobile marketers provide more targeted and personalized campaigns akin to the marketing experiences consumers are accustomed to on the web."
"End of April"
"Psalm 55:16 ¶ As for me, I will call upon God; and the LORD shall save me. Evening, and morning, and at noon, will I pray, and cry aloud: and he shall hear my voice."
"So when we told Kevin we were the Couch to 5K team, what HE HEARD was Couch to Keg. And heck. Who were we to argue with such impeccable logic. We exercise so that we have room in our diet for a couple cocktails. That is just the honest fact of it."
"Drippy nose, drippy sweat, droopy eyes, sore throat, chills, aches, ouch, coughs. All such fun. Not."
"If it is only the pure in heart who see God, what corresponding purity of heart is needed to hear God? How often have we dismissed His word because it has come through an earthen vessel not of our choosing and whose accent and coloration conceals God, but does not make Him mute? Better to choose to believe God in that speaking than to dismiss it as man."
"Not all puppy mill dogs adjust to life after rescue as well as Ms. Ruby has. The emotional scars can last for years. The Moms feel incredibly fortunate that their girl is both trusting and resilient, eager to give and receive love. Which she does, on a daily basis. You can see it, can't you, in the sweet, single brown eye she offers up to the camera in the photo above? You are mine, I am yours, that serene gaze seems to say. This lesson I have learned, happily."
"But not a drop of sparkling liquor spilled"
"“Linden. Cal Peters saw it. He said he saw someone hit by a stun gun a few years ago and the man looked just like Mr. Sanders—jerking around like he couldn’t control his muscles. Lila Omion said you weren’t in class and you came out of the building with them, so everyone’s thinking Major Cornwell had something to do with it.”"
"Batman Returns"
"When I reviewed the remake of The Fly, I found myself extremely disappointed. Not in the movie or in the review, but at something that was missing from the movie. Before seeing it, I knew only the basic premise and one simple line that came to represent the movie in only two words: Help me. And when I watched the remake, I was waiting for that line to show up throughout the entire movie, only to be extremely saddened when it never came. When I did some research, I found that the line was actually from the original 1958 version of The Fly, and was not included (at least not in the goofy way that is always parodied) in the remake. This only cemented the idea with me that I needed to see the original. And, since it is also available on Netflix streaming, it took me no time to get myself satisfied. Amazing how often the internet is able to help me satisfy myself immediately, isn’t it? … Anyways, today’s movie is the original version of The Fly, written by James Clavell, directed by Kurt Neumann, and starring Patricia Owens, David Hedison, Vincent Price, Charles Herbert, Herbert Marshall, Kathleen Freeman, and Betty Lou Gerson."
"Opposing Islamism means you will always be called racist by the media, the UAF and others."
"He is working with Living Water International, walking across Wisconsin - and is also collecting water photographs to create a book about water, to sell to raise funds."
"We talked and laughed a while longer before we hung up the phone. I assured Olivia that I’ll be at the hospital to keep her husband, George, and the others company the afternoon of the surgery; and she, in turn, told me that she feels “positively about everything.” She also said that she’ll petition St. Peregrine for healing."
"Dear Father:"
"This is not a recovery."
"Where one white cloud like a stray lamb doth move."
"Are you being punished? You squint and tap hard on the keyboard, willing one, just one substantiation of time to materialize. Had you fooled yourself into thinking you could capture time like some hovering butterfly? Netting it. Controlling it. Planning so much, with such intention, expectation, and precision that time would bend to you like a flower opening to"
"It's that time again! We've created a HOT new meme called SWOON #YABound, and if you're new to the game, here's how to join in the fun:"
"- Ruby red grapefruit 2 for $1.00 (Texas, Sunkist)"
"The Pharmaceutical conglomerates see the writing on the wall and the things the FDA Drug Thugs do at their behest isn’t pretty. But the cat’s out of the bag and silver is homemade medicine again."
"Chickens. That's all you are, blowhard loud-mouthed chickens."
"- Not have had to work 9 hours straight but some how still get paid."
"Willing the darkness to stay - awhile."
"You will not need a Vietnam visa for the maximum of 15 days if you are from European countries that include Denmark, Finland, Norway, Russia, and Sweden. In addition, you are exempted for the maximum of 30 days if you are a citizen of Asian countries that include Indonesia, Kingdom of Brunei Darussalam, Malaysia, Thailand, and the Philippines. Japan and South Korea are exempted for 15 days while Cambodia does not need a visa for 14 days."
"You may submit as many entries as you like."
"Lim was alleged to have said: “Penang was number one last year in terms of cutting crime by 27 per cent. For the first six months… also cut crime by another 25 per cent. Whereas in Johor, a Singaporean is likely to get kidnapped. Won’t have that problem when you come to Penang.”"
"Just backwards country swang"
"Please be sure I can contact you to let you know if you’ve won."
"O it’s “Thank you, Mister Atkins,” when the band begins to play."
"Being a pupil of international studies (and my friend majored in history), I was peppered with lectures about international organizations. But when I was in college, I didn’t really give much attention to it, since I believe that it’s just some type of requirement for some of my courses. But after some time, I started to give serious thinking about this and realized some points that supported my belief that the UN in particular should be abolished."
"SS: Could you tell us a little about your emergence as a screenwriter? How many scripts had you written before you got your first job?"
"The new units are lower down because um. because the fitters don't like ladders. Or green things."
"Tear down what keeps"
"Having children"
"And so it is that she discovers Nell Shoemaker, a 13-year old urchin girl who has an uncanny connection with the natural world. To Nell the sorceress gives the gift of the Wealding Word; but there is no time to explain how to use it. Left to discover the wonders of the Word on her own, Nell quickly finds her world transformed into a fairy tale where she can speak with animals and bewitch plants."
"I've got a beautiful sample to share with you today from the very talented Dawn. Take a peek....."
"I spent a week out of state recently. My thoughts were back home and I worried about the drought and the lack of rain. It was 83 degrees where I was. It even rained one day. People there just didn’t get it – even though I tried to explain how intense the sun was, how uncomfortable it was to be out in it. “It’s always hot in Texas, isn’t it?” they asked. I nodded and gave up. I guess I should’ve just said, “This is the time it never rained.” I think about that line as the wind blows without ceasing."
"of this weird hallway we have in our house."
"Flies hover as lazily as the patrons,"
"Kegeratered: 07-21-2008"
"I'm just so torn."
"Naturally, there was more to it than that – Britain and France both feared Russian expansionism, and if Britain had also her naval supremacy to worry about, then France’s Napoleon III had a personal insult to avenge. The Tsar of Russia had disdained the long-standing protocol that required monarchs to address each other as ‘Dear Brother’, and written to the post-revolutionary Emperor as ‘Dear Cousin’…!"
"Fact; I wanna get snake bites and a belly button ring, when I turn 16. xD"
"you know that phrase, \"so bad it's good?\""
"What retailers do you love, but tend to forget about? Do you forget about furniture in your home too?"
"Philip Metres is the author numerous books, including To See the Earth (Cleveland State University, 2008), Come Together: Imagine Peace (Bottom Dog Press, 2008) and Behind the Lines: War Resistance Poetry on the American Homefront, Since 1941 (University of Iowa Press, 2007). His work has appeared in Best American Poetry, and has garnered an NEA, a Watson Fellowship, two Ohio Arts Council Grants, and the Cleveland Arts Prize in 2010. He teaches literature and creative writing at John Carroll University in Cleveland, Ohio. Visit him here: http://www.philipmetres.com/"
"Favourite Story:"
"How to assist micro; small and medium entrepreneurs to grow and survive?"
"TH: Yea, it’s all bullshit…"
"41. Play in the batting cages"
"Their tears come exclusively from someone not sharing. Their tears come from their feelings being hurt. Their tears come from not being able to watch their shows or play their video games. It's all emotional pain and nothing physical. It's that physical pain that helps mold who you are and gives you the confidence to be a man. It preps you for adolescence so that you don't cry when you get hurt and if you fall down or get knocked down, you get up and walk that shit off!"
"The morning we were going Dan ended up having to go to leeds for a blood transfusion."
"I can hear the sound of a piano, in the dead of this night"
"Schumpeter warns that this is a great simplification: \"Of course, we do not, as a matter of principle, postulate either internal regularity or sine form..."
"I didn't take any photos of her when they were singing as I couldn't see her very well. But when all the performers came back onstage later on, to do their body percussion piece, I was able to snap this happy, smiley shot. The body percussion item was simply called \"Rain\" and the students used their hands and feet to create a sound like a rainstorm, right from the first whispers of the wind (rubbing their hands together) to the opening sprinkles (clicking their fingers) and on to the heavier rain (slapping their thighs). In the middle of the downpour there was some startling sharp foot stamping which, combined with the lights being flicked on and off, looked and sounded just like thunder and lightening."
"You are going to open your zipper and place one of the zipper tapes flush with one of the back cover pieces. You want the right side of the zipper tape placed on the right side of the fabric. Pin zipper to fabric and sew on with your invisible zipper foot."
"helps build a raft"
"9:00 a.m. GMT: The rain has subsided, not enough to wash the dust off the bottom-most leaves on the mango trees. So far there’s no information from any sources to contradict the CNRDRE claims of control, though one rumor claims that the junta has been broadcasting its televised message via an ORTM mobile unit and is not actually in control of the ORTM studio. I haven’t yet ventured out to assess the situation in my neighborhood, but everything seems calm. Al Jazeera English is backing up the junta’s position that a “counter-coup” has been successfully repulsed."
"Various Artists — “Ho Ho Ho Canada 3” (The Line of Best Fit) The online British music magazine has presented a series of “Oh, Canada” compilations to download and an offshoot of these are the “Ho, Ho, Ho Canada” Christmas mixes that gathers various Canadian artists for some diverse Yuletide offerings, from folk to Indie rock to experimental."
"Smith, along with his charismatic bandmates Pat Brown (Guitar/Lead Vocals), Nate Flynn (Bass), Ben Peterson (Keys) and Chris Lee (Drums), will hit the road with Valencia beginning August 27th in Baltimore followed by a headlining tour and opening support for Cobra Starship this fall."
"Hope all is well with everyone! Tis me Carlyann here this morning with news of last week's fabulous winners and tops for the blue black and white challenge!"
"She first appeared on Broadway in 1934, but her appearances were rare there as well. She received a Tony nomination for best actress in a musical in 1958 for Jamaica and received a special Tony in 1981 for her concert Lena Horne: The Lady and Her Music."
"loneliest number and we know Google is never wrong."
"lauren: three bags full by leonie swann; an amusing and totally clever murder mystery in which the victim was an irish shepherd, and--i swear i'm not makin' this up-- the detectives are his *SHEEP*!"
"Posted on the Vigil of All Saints, a.D. MMXI"
"I am more resolute because all have denied me than I could ever have"
"Oil to cover the bottom of a pan"
"Threw them into a dish with some sugar"
"I've hidden from the sun"
"The shop is due to open mid-May,"
"The patent process is a lengthy and expensive one. For a small inventor, it is frequently necessary to raise funds to even enter the process. In this atmosphere, where the inventor has no protection prior to filing at all, how do you go about doing that? You can’t reveal your invention because whoever you show it to can simply cut you out, rip off your idea and file on their own, soon to be all perfectly legal."
"Of course this film was not without a couple of short-comings, to see Deepak Dobrial dwelling in histrionics, Mahie Gill going over the top when she weeps is really awkward, background score literally attacks your eardrums and is almost every time out of the place (if you notice the background score instead of feeling it, then you know it is incorrectly overdone). Moreover, when you see a psychological film, the angst should seep deep inside somewhere and evil does take over, the way it is shot and cut hopping from one condition to another does distract some times."
"09. Revolution"
"Attempting to have some fun in the sun this past weekend resulted in me struggling during the evening due to the pain I was in. Being sunburnt is one of the worst pains a person can endure, in my opinion of course. ‘Cause I’m a ginger I definitely should have known better to apply sunscreen, but when it’s the late afternoon and I’m playing games in the backyard I never really find it necessary because I feel like the sun isn’t even strong anymore. Definitely not the best logic on my behalf. Every ginger that goes outside no matter what time of day it is should always have sunscreen on or they will pay the price. First thing any of us should do when we even think about stepping outside the house is apply the right SPF whether it be 75 or 100…most likely 100. Gingers are weak against the sun and I’m not sure what I was thinking not putting anything on."
"Uncertainty Avoidance"
"+5 putting my Perception widget (see it on the right) on your blog"
"And so I take what's given to me and I sit back."
"The sun is shining and my basic skin care routine seems to be working great still :) So today i am foundation free. In fact for the last week or so i have not worn foundation most days and enjoying the fresh faced feel."
"There are many reasons why Israel exists today, why it should, why it must. Sometimes, you can give a complicated answer, and sometimes, the answer is so simple. Today is a simple one. This morning, a plane flew into Israel from Russia. It was a special flight, sent to there by the State of Israel. On board the plane, as it landed in Israel, was a special medical team, and a young man in critical condition. Aharon Alexander is 25 years old."
"The lady and I spent two hours on Monday taking part in the Clean Up Crown Heights MLK Day service event that was organized via Brooklynian (there's been some lively chatter about the merits of such a clean-up, which is worth a read). Many thanks to all who participated--the Avenue has looked noticeably cleaner this week."
"On the health side of it somehow I think I should find a way to manage stress or relax the inner me. I have been on goal yesterday and today so far but I didn’t do any exercise at all. I should do that tomorrow because I know it can only help. I am only 0.1 kilo more than before my rum cake episode so it’s not too bad.. Thank you for reading, it feels good to write things down."
"Suddenly like someone had slapped me back into reality, because truly the Lord is the most real thing I know, I got into agreement with my son. I just remember saying Lord your word says and took off on his words to me! Immediately, my Lord performed a miracle! My son’s hand or actually it turned out to be his finger, immediately stopped bleeding and his finger had a thin scab instantly cover the cut! Yes I know that this sounds incredible, but I am telling the truth. He went from blood dripping down his arm and off his elbow, to scab on the finger instantly! Yay we came down the track with our arms raised high and screaming cheers to the one who knows how to take good care of us, especially in our times of desperation! As a mother, I felt desperate to get my child help and to remain calm which obviously at first I was failing miserably at, but then Thank GOD! Some of the training that we’ve been training our child with kicked in for him and Viola! GOD truly is an on time GOD that heard a cry from his child!"
"We also took the winding road up Mt. Scott, the second highest peak in the range. I was absolutely terrified driving the car, thinking that at any moment I'd suddenly go insane and rev the car off the road and make us plummet to our deaths (I hate 6' ladders, mind you). My wife scoffed. But once our ears popped and we made it to the top, she was scared to climb the rocks and peer down, whereas I felt like a little boy, giddy as I hopped large boulders in a single bound. I'm a prairie boy, so it was a whole new plain of existence (get it? huh?)."
"“So too with Scripture. Often when people try to say what the Bible is about, they let their own mindset ride roughshod over what actually lies on the pages…Jesus, for example, was rejected by his contemporaries not because he claimed to be Messiah but because, in their view, he didn’t make a suitably messianic claim. ‘Too bad for God,’ they seemed to say. ‘He may want a dying Christ, but we happen to know that Christs don’t die.’” (4)"
"At stake is Russia’s attempt to reassert itself on the global aviation scene after a two-decade absence after the collapse of the Soviet Union. The SuperJet, which carries about 100 passengers, was designed with Western partners and equipped with cutting-edge systems, as Russia seeks to win a slice of the regional jet market now….."
"So let’s get this out of the way now– The Last Story is not Xenoblade Chronicles. I can’t speak for Pandora’s Tower yet, but whereas Xenoblade was an epic in every sense of the word, with vast, overwhelming landscapes and a long and enthralling story to match, The Last Story tells a much more intimate and personal tale that’s almost fleeting in its brevity. But while it may be less ambitious in its scope, that doesn’t mean it’s any less charming or appealing. It sets out to achieve something entirely different from Xenoblade and, as we’ll soon see, it does so rather admirably."
"Warning, there will be bad language. Because you simply can’t talk about people this willfully ignorant without using the f word."
"I have written a little question/discussion guide to go along with the book. I think that the book opens doors to talk about your own childhood, and the way your family is now. My goal is that the whole family could be involved in the discussions, even if the whole family isn't involved in reading it. For example, a four year old wouldn't be interested in the story, but could answer the question, \"What was a really great day your family spent together?\" Same goes with the husbands. If they want to be a part of reading aloud, or want to read the book on their own, great. Terry doesn't share my appreciation for children's literature, but he can still participate in the discussions when asked, \"What is something that each member of your family does well?\""
"I thought the cracking of the eggs from the warmth of the cookies was a nice touch--as if to show new life unfolding."
"“……anything in particular?”"
"Sorry Mister Rankin, I love the bizarreness in your fiction but this goes a bit too far. Not one of my favourites. 2/5"
"Drop cookie dough by spoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheet and bake for 8-10 min."
"When my dentist poked the tooth and I said, “Don’t,” he arranged for this root canal the very next day telling me I must see Dr. Bradley H. Gettleman of the three endodontists at the Westside Endodontic Professionals, Ltd. practice here in Glendale, Arizona because he was so personable that I would get on very well with him. After a rocky start due to my apprehension at having this procedure at all - I admit it, I was scared – we did get on well."
"After a night of soaking, I spread the fabric and artistically arranged the beautiful red veined leaves, added the stems and finally made a bundle (yes, I know, the bundle has to be more tightly tied)."
"or they refuse to get self out of the way and have empathy for others. I"
"At this point, the judge takes a recess."
"At his upstate New York ranch Jimi collapses after a recording session in his basement studio. He is rushed to the hospital where it is reported that he has developed hepatic cancer. False reports of his death flood the industry until Jimi appears in January of 2000 on MTV with Kurt Loder. Looking ill, he is asked if he plans to do any recording in the near future, to which Hendrix responds, “I have been recording and playing music for over 40 years, man. I think my body is trying to tell me it needs a break.”"
"But seriously, I googled reviews on that online essay company, and I found out that many clients are complaining because they seem to submit outputs that are either poorly written or totally unconnected to the topic. Well yeah, I could really be one of their prized writers. Or I could be the only one. Too bad, I’m too lazy to write. My philosophy is simple: if you want me to write, give me a higher pay. And please don’t offer below minimum wage projects."
"Possibly, I’m kinda making this up as I go along. There are a few things that need ironing out but it’s gonna be really good. Seriously, well worth the hundreds of years of slaughter and general heartache that is going to come once your tiny little pea brains fully grasp what crap we are spoon feeding you."
"The next phase in Europe now moves to a crisis called ClubMed, doubts about the structure of the Union as a whole, economic stagnation hitting big non-ezone member the United Kingdom, and Chinese retrenchment acting as a likely catalyst for slump."
"In the land of never ending,"
"Day 302: Fly Bird"
"Serve it cut in tasty squares with custard or with cream,"
"When I read Sherman’s ninth topic, it made me think of Derek Dooley and many of his press conferences over the past two seasons. If rumors are true regarding player dissent focused at Dooley, perhaps it all comes apart due to his breaking of Sherman’s Number Nine…"
"The message is not only that ability and talent alone will be insufficient for success but that our approach to the everyday challenges we face will actually make the difference. Dr. Dweck focuses two different attitudes or “mindsets” that we will most likely choose to use–a fixed mindset vs. a growth mindset. And that choice can be life altering. That is to say that with the growth mindset there is the understanding that people can change and the leader can help that positive change take place, or with the fixed mindset the leader works with the perception that people are the way they are and nothing can be done about it. In this text the examples are myriad. That is one of the reasons it reads so well. The reader will find this book to be instructional, motivational, and maybe even a bit discomfiting."
"Meanwhile, Lee Jasper must be furious that a white right wing nut job has stolen the “black power” salute so beloved of Multi culturalists"
"The implied reason is that frame at the end where the priest deals with the situation by explaining that god works in mysterious ways. He knows the reason for evil now, the holy grail* of theodicy, is simply that while god is all powerful and all knowing he isn't always paying attention to all of that knowledge. I suppose you could claim that this violates the \"all knowing\" clause, but omniscience doesn't necessarily have to imply omni-awareness, does it? You can know something without necessarily thinking about it, so maybe the answer to the problem of evil is simply that god just isn't paying any attention, or isn't paying enough attention. But, this answer isn't going to be satisfactory to the flock, not least because it's an insanely humbling notion, and so we get that hoary old chestnut about mysterious ways instead."
"Now what can I faux metallic next........watch out I'm on a roll people."
"It’s fascinating to explore how art and poetry can be, in the words of William Shakespeare, “such stuff as dreams are made on.”"
"Surely, in that same moment somewhere else, the sun will set"
"The Homeschool Buyers Co-op has a great deal available now through 31 May for folks purchasing Mark Kistler’s art lessons. Not only can you get the program at the 60% discounted price, but you will also earn 200 bonus smart points! Check it out and let me know what you think."
"These topics of divine and spiritual love between Radha and Krishna will always remain a mystery as long as we remain on the material platform. Love on the spiritual platform is devoid of selfishness. The needs and interests on the other take precedence over one's own needs. The kind of love that comes closest to spiritual love is the love exhibited by a mother towards her child. It's full of sacrifice and is completely selfless; it is without expectation."
"Guthrie: OMG Wisconsin may finally"
"3) Undies"
"The news today that Avon and Somerset Police force is issuing its female officers with head coverings to be used in places of worship to improve relations with Muslim communities (Independent) prompted, I’m afraid, rather dark thoughts about all forms of religion, about the stated purpose of Jihadists to not rest until the whole world knuckled under to Islam and even darker thoughts about moving to France where they have an extremely sensible attitude to SECULARISM. I have been reading the work of Christopher Hitchens but I shall resist the temptation to write a peroration on the theme of atheism and the ills religion has caused the world in the last 2000 years."
"In my world view, when someone does me wrong, I change the circumstances of my life so they cannot do it again. My focus is on me, and what I can change in myself or my life circumstances. Those are the only things really under my control"
"He said the submarine acquisition would also contribute significantly towards creating a more balanced capability of the Malaysian Defence Forces."
"As we said before, different alarm calls evoke different responses. Leopard alarm calls would make the monkeys run up into the tree to avoid being ambushed by the leopard. Also, these monkeys would sit on the branches further away from the tree because, even though leopards can climb trees, the branches could not support the leopard's weight. When an eagle alarm call is given, vervet monkeys would make them look up, run for the nearest bush or both to avoid an approaching aerial attack. Python alarm calls would the monkeys stand bipedally and look down on the ground."
"James and Mary took off toward James’ house to help Marlene in the delivery of their fourteenth child. Mary loved being a grandmother. She took pride in telling everyone what a wonderful mess of grand kids she had. Howie started back down that ladder. This is when the heavy bags shifted and came crashing down on top of Howie knocking him off the ladder, pinning him to the floor. With no one knowing he was in trouble, Howie laid there, praying for someone to find him. He died that evening from internal bleeding. The injuries which took his life couldn’t have been repaired, even if he had been found. This was a time when advanced medicine wasn’t much more than a stethoscope and a tongue depresser. It wasn’t until the following day, when he didn’t show up for supper, that his body was found, by his father. Everyone attended the funeral and Summer was literally beside herself. She married and widowed twice, before she turned fifteen was as devastating as it could be to such a young woman. Both of her husbands died in terrible accidents and this caused folks to start calling Summer “the black widow.” This only added salt to her wounds of loss."
"In the meantime - put your oven on 150-180 degrees Centigrade .Boil a kettle with water."
"We communicate often. If he bumps his fingers, or isn't feeling well, or for whatever reason throws a tantrum to shame most well versed three year olds - she lets me know."
"(50 cents per legitimate comment goes to Caroline's Kids Pet Rescue for February in honor of cat appreciation month!)"
"made Obama reject it"
"They also decided to offer over 400 well-chosen Belgian brews"
"The last image. I see myself holding her as she sobs after the news of her father's death. I then see the police parked outside her house a few months later, after there had been a robbery there. She had been attacked during that robbery and she was left scarred after that. That was the beginning of her self inflicted scars..."
"Several chefs have opted out of Michelin's system in recent years, saying the personal and financial investment needed to maintain its standards didn’t pay off."
"It's OK though. Here's what you do in the meantime:"
". . . who are awesome and amazing people. Go follow them, if you don't already."
"a. What you would do when you were sick before kids: curl up in bed with a box of Kleenex, daytime TV and some OJ. This could feasibly go on for 3-4 days. People offer you chicken soup, drugs and whatever else you might need. Poor thing."
"Holy day be…"
"Americans’ fascination with the political and social events of the Arab movements first led me to question the role of social media and the growing user-driven news culture during a Pace University course in Communications Research. My resulting research paper— “The Arab Spring and American’s Interest in Foreign Affairs: The Social Media Factor” — would lead to peripheral readings and excite further interest in the evolution of the Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions. As my graduate work neared thesis time, my topic began to shape itself."
"To invent the new rhythm of new possibilities."
"similar with mother-of-pearl snaps and some wide"
"just you and nobody alse but you"
"\"It’s an image that can be reinforced and practiced at breakfast, lunch, and at dinner, no matter how old we are,\" Mrs. Obama said. \"This is a quick, simple reminder for all of us to be more mindful of the foods that we're eating and as a mom, I can already tell how much this is going to help parents across the country.\""
"You can still stand tall"
"Lord, make me an instrument of Thy peace;"
"But that's not all..."
"If hope really means holding to a wish for something, expecting that it will come true, grapes are the poster fruit for hope."
"And yet, the shared sense of destiny and Becoming became and"
"A4 Pyramage die-cut sheet - Birthday Picnic x 2"
"Jam Going underground UK"
"Only buy clothes that \"fit my personality\", not that simply \"fit\". Did so-so. Hope to become more adventurous in 2010!"
"A woman is not a wallflower to be looked at and admired or a piece of furniture to be moved as per one’s whim. She has a mind and a heart of her own and due regard has to be given to her sensibilities. The society loses a lot if impediments are put in the way of development of her personality."
"We love that we have cultivated"
"crease ease emulsion is an intensive, active, no-needles “line relaxing” cream that targets fine lines and creases all over the face, instead of paralyzing them. This emulsion safely rebalances hormonal activity in the skin, and improves hydration, lipid content, elasticity and roughness. Other active ingredients include sweet almond, witch hazel, allantoin, green tea, licorice, centella asiatica, gingko biloba and sage."
"Me: Thank you, Andrew!"
"Earth and sky are wide. You’re free."
"Analyze Internal Communications"
"Straws"
"This week it is a real pleasure to honor a rising Hollywood star who has a great sense of activism and priorities. Josh Hutcherson, only 19, has been in films for half his life. He’s currently starring in the blockbuster book adaptation The Hunger Games. He also co-starred in the wonderful (but very dark) 2010 film The Kids Are Alright as one of two kids growing up with two lesbian parents. In a recent interview with E! Online, Hutcherson focuses on his work with the group Straight But Not Narrow."
"The title will be on the line, 3XW has just signed a TV contract so fans can catch 3XW TV weekly on CW affiliates in Iowa – 6 p.m. Saturday on KWKB Ch 20 in eastern Iowa and 1:30 a.m. Monday on KCWI ch 23/ch 9 (Mediacom) in central Iowa, making this match even that more important."
"y;s=bubble_text_small;d=bbtr,Building+value+pct+change,8888FF,333333;ds=0;dp=1.5;py=1;of=-40,-57"
"The contemporary city seems the most unsustainable environment that mankind has ever built, not just as regards the large-scale consumption of energy and environmental resources (generally known as the urban footprint), but also and above all for the forms of occupation and organization of land at every level. Mechanisms increasing the value of areas continually fuel phenomena of expansion, in which the land on which the new city grows is an unspecialized, intensely subdivided space. The expansion of surface car parks, the proliferation of boundaries and barriers between different properties, and diverse areas that are interconnected only by a capillary street network, produce a sprawling, fragmented and dissipative urban structure."
"Written by Supergrass"
"FULL on candi sugar; marzepan, barely, black currents, figgs, raisins, chocolate, oak, leathery goodness and some citrus hidden gently. Taste is striking; exhaustingly complicated, the senses lit up devinely. I am knocked out. Thick velvet; rich Belgian truffle chocolate, marzepan, candi-sugar, treacle oozes down my throat like a juggernaut, STUNNING blending, balance is superb. The malt is stunning, loads of nice booze and whiskey but the descent stuff, wood, oak, cherries, soy source, leather, could really do with some coffee."
"With this being said, I argue it is not the schools that are decreasing rigor, but the personal motivation of the students themselves. Through the great democratization of college, many students are pursuing higher education simply because it is the “next step” rather than out of a personal desire for greater knowledge. Students who are unprepared and unmotivated for the college setting are creating schedules that allow for minimal effort. The statistics are resulting from a change in the student, not the university."
"Shahrzad is a new restaurant which is still getting the kinks out on service and finalizing its menu items, but I encourage you to stop by, especially if you’re looking for something really different."
"Both Gleeson and Farrell benefits from the originality of MacDonagh’s script. The dialogue has a matter of fact manner that allows the audience to explore the characters as the film develops. It can be compared to an eccentric Samuel Becketts “Waiting for Godot” or Pulp Fictions “Royale with Cheese” exchange. Despite the obvious contract killing, cocaine/heroine abuse/dealing and prostitution, McDonagh is still able to delve into some serious themes throughout the film."
"Q: What advice would you give to a Marist student about to graduate?"
"The tribe Awa-Guajá has about 360 survivors - with one hundred of them have ever had contact with the white man. Due to the violent action of illegal loggers and ranchers who invade reserves, Survival believes that the Awas are the tribe most endangered on the planet. Along with the campaign, the NGO has launched a website with information, pictures and videos on the tribe ."
"San Diego Jails to House State Inmates: “Very Scary Prospect”"
"I used the Font from Cricut Craftroom Basic and cut at a height of 2.639. I then cut 2 of the cute toppers from Cupcake Wrappers. I absolutely love the star topper and think it will be awesome on a cupcake. I cut it at 3.472 x 3.125. Then I saw the flowers and thought how cute would those be with a sucker in the center. The picture really doesn't show them very well I cut the flowers at 4.903 x 2.542 and the size is perfect DumDum suckers."
"melts. Beat in the remaining ingredients, and spread on the hot cake. Cool"
"Welcome to another round of Simple and in Season. Each month I wonder whether it will be the last, but with 45 entries last month, which I had to split into savoury and sweet in the round-ups, I am encouraged to keep going and open up a new round! Thank you to everyone who took part last month."
"The New York Times, which is one of the newspapers publishing these documents, has redacted some of them, both on the grounds of protecting private citizens named in the documents whose lives might be threatened, and on the grounds of protecting American intelligence efforts."
"Hope you have a great weekend, spending time with your family and love ones."
"Did you know there's a Pokemon named \"Koffing\"? And he makes you cough, that's his superpower? And, guess what, he evolves into \"Weezing,\" which I guess gives you an asthma attack? Or how about \"Farfetch'd\"--and I quote, \"this ducklike Pokemon uses sprigs of green onions as miniswords.\""
"and we are the people who once inhabited the orbiting earth."
"Stalking"
"The thing is people we all live together in this world, why do we feel the need to steal from others who make a little more? Why do we feel the need to cut others down because they are “different” from you? Why? Why? Why? We are just really hurting ourselves the way we hurt others. By stealing you hurt your community, by killing you hurt the population, by bullying people, you make the world bitter. Why would you want to do that?"
"tasted a few drops."
"Billy Cobham: drums"
"into another room and work on my album I can"
"Once I know the length of the repeat I can figured out the chain foundation count."
"By Matt Carmichael"
"government as things are worked out. The increase in love and"
"A treasure I received with each passing day and night"
"Finding the right tools for a small space can be a challenge. Zach is an inventive guy. He makes his own 2 inch soil blocks; a size he has found works best for the crates. A mini hand seed spreader allows him to sow 400 sq. ft. within 15 minutes."
"For, I was a child, when the great war came,"
"For me now, this is IMHO the very best quality recording from the 1973 tour."
"So from the very smallest to the very biggest, even the galaxy has duality. At the center of your galaxy, what you call the black hole, is a quantum push/pull engine, and I’m going to tell you in a minute why it’s that way."
"The Prestige by Christopher Priest -- 2 out of 10 CD's (This is really good. It's similar to the movie, which I loved, but different enough.)"
"I value this colleague greatly. His choices have been different than my own, but his dedication to his students and his discipline is as strong as mine, if not stronger."
"in your eyes"
"Manchester City are the third-highest payers in world sport according to a new survey. Their first-teamers, including Yaya Toure, rake in an average of just over £86,000 per week — or £4.5million per year. Only Barcelona and Real Madrid pay more."
"So let us not forget Yom Hashoah Ve-Hagevurah lest we be condemned to repeat the horror of the Holocaust."
"Pleaing"
"Hugz"
"Jonathan Newhouse (of Vogue’s parent company):"
"We got in line for our skates (well, the kids), then we got the equipment bags. And I, of course, had to complain that NO ONE called us. Because that's just rude. And no way to run a business. Come on, YMCA. Get your act together. I'm just glad that Kari thought to call!!"
"Find the Joy in the Journey…realizing that women are making progress in the workplace (except for that scary “finding a husband of your dreams” thing) brings a smile to my face!"
"I just wanted a tank of gas. That’s all."
"Step 2 – Drop and Bake: Drop batter by tablespoon onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in a well pre-heated 350º F. oven for 12 to 15 minutes. Do not over-bake. Cookies should be a bit gooey in the center. While warm, they will be very soft on the outside, as well. Allow them to cool on the pan a few minutes and then transfer carefully to a rack to finish cooling. (They will always be somewhat soft because these are gooey fudge brownie cookies, not hard or crunchy cookies.)"
"He played with for bits of stone!"
"♥ Silver Award Level Receiving (Primary PCI) Hospitals"
"Introducing John Locke: Tanned and Ready for Action!"
"City residents who spotted Msunduzi Municipality traffic vehicles doubling up as taxis could not believe their eyes, so they took photographs as evidence."
"“Didn’t I tell you my life story?” Abelle asked rhetorically. “No, you were ever so eager to get me in bed. Oh well, see if you had thought to ask I would have explained that my loving granny was a voodoo high priestess and that while I was born and raised in Houston, Texas and do have a PhD in organic chemistry I sort of took up granny’s work after she passed on.”"
"SCHLESSINGER: Jade, welcome to the program."
"The weather was thick on the coast last night, not only interfering, it is believed, with. the wireless communication, from the liner to Sable island, but probably with its rate of progress to New-York, whither it is heading."
"“The rally was not hijacked by any political party neither was it derailed by any political leaders,” said a medical doctor who took part in the rally. “The Opposition supported Bersih 3.0 with the same fervour as those Bersih supporters to seek a clean electoral process for the country,” she added."
"As Chris and I talked, we came to this conclusion:"
"Laurent Debout, Renault Sport F1 team support leader: There is nothing else to say but a huge congratulations to Pastor and the entire Williams team. Pastor drove a fantastic race to score his first win in F1, fully deserved. We are really proud to have contributed to helping the team score its first win since 2004 and the first Williams-Renault win since the 1997 season. What a feeling to deliver on the speed and performance we have shown since the start of the year."
"He had just said that those who love Him will keep His words and obey them, and now He adds that those who do not love Him will not keep His words. The reason why He here insists upon this observance of His words is, that such observance is necessary, before He will manifest Himself and make His abode in any heart. For, as is clear from verse 21, Christ will manifest Himself only to those who are loved by the Father; but they alone are loved by the Father who love Christ, and they alone love Christ who keep His commandments (verse 23)."
"Instead, I killed a tree and spent $20 on what amounts to primarily a mostly unreadable documentation of incessant ear infections, repeated colds and timely vaccinations."
"sift the flour, baking powder and sugar, set aside"
"There were devastating floods in Bau, Kuching, Sibu and other towns. We can look forward to this again in 2010, and every other year, until we elect a proper government."
"Welcome to our Blog Party Sunday. We would love to have you show us what you have for sale for the coming months or how about something you made for a loved one."
"or plumper, more popular"
"I wasn’t that into the idea of getting back in touch with my ex, but somehow it happened and all of a sudden we were hanging out."
"What defines a person with a happy life?"
"If one is analyzing the most dangerous form of contemporary antisemitism, you are censored, defamed, bullied, and finally thrown out from campus: highlighting Muslim and Arab antisemitism is taboo."
"Ruthie was from Scotland. She was the frailer of the two. She walked hunched and had to sit often. Her most striking feature was her smooth, wrinkleless skin. For someone who lived in the blazing sun of Hawaii, especially someone from the weatherly Scottish northern coasts, she possessed the preverbal porcelain skin of a doll made of china. She was a living contradiction as she walked and shuffled, bent over slightly at the waist with her curving back. She would tilt her head over in your direction when walking and flash you the most perfect and mischievous smile. She looked like she was going fast with her short steps and her arms swinging with purpose when she walked. And while taking in this scene I would notice she was wrapped in the smoothest alabaster skin with not a wrinkle on her face – not even a single laugh line."
"I did it again. One more year I made my own Thin Mints, instead of buying them from the Girl Scouts. You must think I'm a terrible person. Truth of the matter is, homemade ones taste better. And I think I'm still a bit disappointed with the fact that the cookies come from a factory."
"With many thanks"
"Sent: Thursday, December 04, 2008 1:22 PM"
"Graves said nothing can account for the difference between the small number of Conservatives who received calls directing them to the wrong polling station and the larger number of opposition supporters."
"I am so lame."
"The downsizing of IPAs leads to compromises. The Widmers have made a tasty, balanced beer. Pour this in a glass and hand it to a hophead, and she'll be happy. Just leave out the India part."
"9. Make icing by whisking powdered sugar with maple syrup until smooth. Drizzle over the top of the cake and serve warm or at room temperature."
"Picked her back up"
"Anyhow, now the bit you've all really been waiting for ;) The winner is..."
"Steve Rogers: Hulk? Smash!"
"No financial journalist could have made this film: we were all far too close to the people and events depicted in it, which turn out to have really needed an outsider’s perspective. This is surely the first and last piece of financial journalism that Ferguson will ever make and it’s much more effective for it."
"Yes, I’m aware of all the TV and movie content on torrents, I guess I’m just saying in relative terms they haven’t been impacted the same way as music, and therefore haven’t felt the same imperatives to innovate."
"Here is what the law should be: If your job is to take a bullet for another man, you have the right to go whoring the night before you might get shot — as long as you get a good night’s sleep and a shower afterward. (After all, we don’t want you all sleepy and sticky when you’re supposed to be protecting The Eagle). I don’t even mind if you use my taxpayer dollars for it. I’d even pay more taxes if it went into a “whores for the troops” fund. If you are in the military or the secret service, and you are not on duty at that moment, what’s the big fucking deal?"
"My story recommendation of the week is for \"The Man Who Bridged the Mist\" by Kij Johnson, cover story of the October/November issue of Asimov's Science Fiction (cover by Paul Youll)."
"The judiciary is not immune from a shrinking staff. Since 2008, the Massachusetts Trial Court has had a strict hiring freeze that has not only prevented the expansion in the number of positions, but has also kept positions vacant when staff leave. Today, there are 1,316 fewer court employees than in July 2007."
"So, over the years I have learned a few things about vegetarian cooking. First, less is more. If you really want to savour the tastes then one or two ingredients work much better than shoving everything and the kitchen sink in. Secondly, the baked beans wasn't such a huge mistake after all."
"Classical Mystery Tour – 8:00 p.m. - Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra- Kleinhans Music Hall"
"So here’s the part where you veterans of Domestic Blissdom get to play. For the good of Cullen-obsessed teenage girls and millions of other romantically misguided everywhere, break out your secret guide book to ‘Love in the Real World,’ and start talking. Because blogging may be no substitute for group therapy led by a qualified and licensed professional, but I’m thinking it might be one hell of a good way to crowd-source answers to some of life’s pressing questions."
"“Perhaps that is why they recommended I spent time away. To not have her weigh so heavily on my mind…” Brulee thought, oddly calm. Perhaps in Stormwind she could find peace."
"So, the day before my weekly excuse to try out new recipes (read: D&D), the boyfriend planned a picnic with me and one of our other gamer friends. As awesome as that is, the food I had planned for the next day wasn’t exactly a snap, so around four pm, I went into Turbo Mode and whipped up a Middle Eastern spread to make my mom proud. (They’re not her recipes, but she’s the one who introduced me to them growing up, so I credit her.) This and the next two posts cover those specific recipes."
"THE NEWSPAPER: Daily Mirror"
"I kind of did...give up. Not wanting to repeat the same old same old as last year, I decided to work with 2 different recipes, one for the open tart and another for a closed tart. Thanks to Valerie Kong's Traditional Chinese New Year Goodies class, I think I have truly found a melt-in-the mouth pineapple tart recipe. Contrary to what most food bloggers believe, you don't need corn flour to achieve the tender melt-in-the-mouth texture. Her recipe appears to be simple enough, with flour, butter, egg yolk and milk powder. I am uncertain if it is the golden ratio of her recipe or if it is the technique of incorporating the flour with the butter that delivered the melt-in-the-mouth end result."
"This next review is my first from the Lost Coast Brewery from Eureka California. I wasn’t quite sure why I picked it up, but when I was in O’hares liquor store it basically jumped into my basket. How could I say no. This India Pale Ale is unfiltered and (as they put it on the bottle) “Radically hopped to give it an intense spiritual aroma”."
"I was telling my friend last night that the times I’ve felt most alive are the times I’ve been most uncomfortable. The more new a situation is, the more unknown, the more I absorb the moment because I have no preconceived idea of what it can be like. I feel like I step out of my mind and into being-ness. So many times the world becomes stale, repetitious, and boring because we are not fully living the experience. Our mind has a habit of labeling every new moment. It likes to label and move on. But when we start labeling everything with only words we start containing the un-containable and we start missing out on the mystery that lies beyond words and beyond mind. Life is meant to be lived from your being(your heart) not from your head."
"So I thought I'd share a little scrappy project with you today. (Please excuse the crappy late night iPhone photo!)"
"“Through the years he’s even by his own admission molested at least 10 children and we think the number is quite higher than that. The amount of damage this man has done is just staggering,” Wagner said. “He’s unchanged, he still is attracted to little boys and we’re convinced that … if he were to be released he’d be molesting again in a short amount of time.”"
"Just after my first birthday, I was out in the garden when a good friend from the end of our street came to visit. He was chatting with one of my bipeds and he said that he’d like to see what I’d been learning at my training classes. I liked the sound of this – demonstrating my skills usually brought treats my way."
"The Texas State Fair was always the biggest state fair in the United States. (Everything has always been bigger in Texas.) We always had the most fun on the Midway, or, if not it was because we ran out of money, money for food, for games, for rides and for shows, and we’d sneak in where we could, so that we could have more money for more food, more games, more rides and more shows. We’d of course spend most of our money on serious eats such as Frito pie and corn dogs or the latest widgets and whirligigs. It took all day to see it all, the statues, the barns, the science exhibits, and the famed Cotton Bowl, and…and…and… Or, if we wanted a little excitement we could take in Joie Chitman’s Thrill Show or the Sky Review; or for music go see “The King and I,” which had just come to the music hall in 1954. Sometime around then they brought Big Tex up to date. They made him talk. Then before you knew it they put him on WRR, broadcastin’ live from the State Fair of Texas. You could also catch the Blues. “This is WRR broadcastin’ live from Fair Park and we’re proud to present Mr. Ray Charles.” Whereupon the best we could do was acknowledge how big Mr. Ray Charles really was."
"18Says the Lord, who has made these things clear from the earliest times."
"*a fucking really/very expensive car"
"1/4 tsp coarse salt"
"For those who are afraid of losing a particularly large, there are so-called risk-free bonuses. Upon receipt of such bonus for party poker rakeback allow the player to a certain fixed amount of money back, even after losing her all the rules. These bonuses are usually valid for a day or two. Free cheese, as is known, lies in a mousetrap, because the amount would have to be repaid several times to play in casinos, although it is still better than losing the money altogether."
"The conversation starts to die down, then somebody asks the real question."
"No I cant be(frantically recounting),I definitely made 54...."
"6. I’m going to work on my MG today. I do love this story, but I did ask amazing agent if she wanted to look at what I have so far to see if it’s suitable for the market before I spend too much time on a MS that won’t sell. I have so many other ideas waiting for me that it’s good to have someone who can guide me and let me know what to work on. I look forward to hearing what she has to say."
"If there could be an instant, a moment in time, when you are simultaneously hopeless and proud, happy in sorrows, empty yet filled, leaping while standing still, I found it then as I thought about beer, bathrooms, jobs, bills, loneliness, faith, joy, but most of all people. A salty sea breeze came and waltzed with night blooming flowers hanging over the edges of balconies above the stage. Wind rustled up leaves and carried over fits of laughter and screams from those on the rides, while everything began to take on shades of gold, amber or chocolate. The sun dipped further into the now nearly navy blue pacific for her evening splash, taking an early but glamorous leave."
"My eldest son who is at university (training to be a primary school teacher) lives at home but usually leaves after us."
"You get the idea?"
"Hey there!!! Its Saturday and that means time for another ODBD Shining the Light Challenge... Yay!!! This week we are asking you to make your card without using any designer paper. So create your own background using stamps, embossing folders or just plain cardstock."
"Although a little late in the story, this is probably a good time to introduce the school’s head. A natural authoritarian, he hated being stuck in his office and chose instead to walk around the school, visiting classrooms and patrolling the corridors to keep a tally on which miscreants had been ordered out of lessons. We, teacher and pupil alike, were never sure who it was he was keeping an eye on but we were never in any doubt that he was the master of all he surveyed and that he intended to keep an eye on things. In the course of one of my lessons earlier that year, he appeared four times and on each visit he looked at books and reprimanded pupils who needed reprimanding; he was just about the nearest thing to omnipresence I have ever seen."
"is considered athleticism in the catholic cataclysm"
"It is easiest to have 3 stations set up: bamboo leaves, rice, and fillings. Have the twice hooked on to something nearby. Folding the bamboo leaves is one of the trickiest parts of wrapping zongzi. Hence the video will come in handy. First pick two leaves that are complimentary. If you fine a long skinny one, look for a short wide one. If you find one that is a little tattered, look for a big sturdy one. The slick part of the leaves should be on the inside facing you. This is the part that will be touching the rice. The outside of the leaves are a little fuzzy and not glossy. Hold the leaves so the base of the leaf is towards the outside and the tips are overlapping. They should also be slightly off-center (back one a little lower than the other) to increase the width of the leaves. Bigger width allows you to make bigger zongzis. Fold the ends downwards as if you're making a cone. Fold over the end of the cone so that there is a crease. Without a crease, rice will escape and your zongzi will turn into a dirty rice water soup. The crease should be tight as the zongzi will expand when cooking. Also the ends of the leaves need to be long to ensure that they cover over the rice when wrapping."
"Janeane Garofalo"
"That was a dismal affair and the large civil society rally including throngs of men and women on roads in Peshawar demanded DPC not be allowed to carry out its rally in the KP capital. Not everyone seems keen on joining the bandwagon of AK- 47 wielding headless chickens. The liberal factions of Pakistan happen to unfortunately form a small minority;they just aren’t vocal and will never paint a monster on a banner and call it Bush or Obama to garner support."
"Do you have any other feedback on this blog? We love your opinions."
"I mean how hard can it be to find and employ economics correspondents who know a thing or two about Wales and my other thought is whether there an appetite or room for a Welsh focused publication like the Economist or the Financial Times that would really help with reporting and understanding of recent events."
"Then she had jaundice and we went back and forth to the hospital and different doctors for blood draws for several days after they finally let us leave the hospital."
"Brian Hennessey, 35, Ringoes, N.J."
"Reid: so I’ve noticed"
"“We are challenging Mohamed Razali to repeat what he has stated in the police report so that our legal adviser can take a look into it and for us to seek legal redress,” he told reporters at the party headquarters here on Saturday."
"I ABSOLUTELY LOVED watching the kids create these whimsical cityscapes and overheard one little guy saying, \"I just love my city!!\" This was a great springboard for discussion about color, repetition, balance and size. It was also one of those \"no-fail\" projects where ALL the results would look fabulous framed and hanging on a wall! The last class had a few extra minutes and we looked at an architectural ABC book I have that generated even more discussion. I would do this lesson again in a nanosecond!!!!"
"Lettuce bring in our Monster Monday helper, fuzzy little Ralphie The Tarantula!.. Wie gehts, Ralphie? He's here to start the show, so, without further interruptions, ahem, push the big red 'GO' button there by the invisible lounge chair, now, Ralphie! Here's the theme and a booze-fuelled bathtub tune... BEAST FROM HAUNTED CAVE!"
"We were sitting in the back seat of the car during a night drive, my two younger brothers and I, and I looked over at them right when some head lights hit my face just right. My brothers scooted closer to each other and shivered with fear as they saw my big dark eyes glaring at them. Unintentional scariness, of course. Once I figured out that without a word I could wield that kind of power, I found ways to use it to playfully (honestly) intimidate them. But after a while I came to learn that I was really just kind of scaring myself. There is a real \"thing\" about a first-born, whether it is the stereotypical charismatic leader, or someone who does it more subtly."
"Draft 1: Telling"
"I need His friendship when I feel like no one understands what I'm going through."
"7 Good Smoke and Whiskey"
"For a little person, just 16 months, Zi has swam in Balandra coast waters twice, she’s been to Avocat waterfall, twice she’s soaked in the blissful waters of Yara River, twice she’s dipped in the springs of Las Hermanas Estate, she’s been to Paragon Beach, she’s had her Tobago sea bath, and she’s practically grown up on Maracas. The girl knows her water goddesses intimately."
"The Lao papaya salad is darker and fishier than its Thai cousin, assaulting your senses with the pungency of salted crabs and anchovies. Hot, salty, sour and sweet, it's a rush of flavours that sends you buzzing with a tingling tongue."
"2 tablespoons of starter from your vat in the fridge"
"Look at that beggar fall!\""
"Using 50 years of official data from Chile’s National Institute of Statistics (1957-2007), the authors looked at factors likely to affect maternal mortality, such as years of education, per capita income, total fertility rate, birth order, clean water supply, sanitary sewer, and childbirth delivery by skilled attendants. They also analyse the effect of historical educational and maternal health policies, including legislation that has prohibited abortion in Chile since 1989, on maternal mortality."
"Now for writing news. My intended goals have been shelved and that's okay. I'm not good at forcing creativity. The new shiny I mentioned before is patiently waiting and I really hope to begin working on it again before the summer is over."
"“Of course, you won’t actually pay me to replace the tree. What you’ll do is get your estimates in case anyone asks you about it later and then do nothing.”"
"I also hope to explain how my company, FriendFeed, fits into all of this. It definitely has social aspects (the word \"friend\" is right in the name!), but it certainly isn't a social network in the style of MySpace or Facebook."
"- Adjustable shoulder strap with pad, carried on the shoulder or across the body"
"I keep all things dear to your heart close to mine"
"You have visited and seen the lives of those who raised you in a historical sense. You will need to be able to see them as the natural consequence of the events, beliefs and what you can know about their feelings as their own personalities developed over time. Their years from before your birth up until your adolescence are critical."
"Born: 6/15/1779"
"“RackNine records provided to Elections Canada showed that Prescott’s account had been accessed from a Rogers IP address in Guelph, 99.225.228.34″"
"Join A&E Sunday, September 21 at 9 AM ET/PT for an all-new episode of the weekly one-hour interview and performance series PRIVATE SESSIONS with host Lynn Hoffman, featuring the acoustic country-rock goddess Sheryl Crow and a special concert at the famous Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas."
"As the sky turns"
"Where I found it: I first read this one in Ruth Pitter's Daily Telegraph obituary notice, and at once I got that kick in the stomach which good poetry gives."
"and weighs a lifetime."
"Assembling the boxes is significantly easier than assembling regular Ikea furniture. We got 4 boxes assembled at a leisurely pace in about 1.5 hours. The next day we took about 2 hours to hang these four and the one last upper on the wall. We waited to assemble the last cupboard because were weren't sure if it would be 12 or 15 inches. Ikea cabinets come with a rail mounting"
"Equipment"
"When: May 13, 2011, 2 pm"
"06 - Scrap"
"*PS If anyone knows its name I'd love to know."
"613 D-III/29/1971. “A Lecture Against Lectures: Some Suggestions for Faculty Seminars.” American Association of University Professors Chapter, Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois."
"10:00 – Revenge (ABC): A newly discovered photo of David gives Emily new clues. Meanwhile, Grayson Global undergoes an investigation by the SEC; and the press get hostile in anticipation of Daniel’s expected release."
"Here’s wishing the newlyweds all the crazy love they can stand. As for the rest of you, check back for more Hot Mustard in the coming weeks."
"Water, to Moors, or Muslims, represented an element of paradise. Today’s vacation resorts incorporate water activities. “Ah, this is paradise,” visitors say, as they lie on the beach or splash in a pool."
"I've been meaning to update you on the hexagon progress (good), but I have no photos. I feel a sense of having let down the blog but I'm never home in daylight. It's dark grey dawn when we pull out of the farm, too early even for the dog to have done much but stumble out of bed and gaze blearily at me as I whisper goodbye nothings about rabbits in his ear. Uhhnh, says the dog. I know how he feels."
"Hello again Parents:"
"Sunday You Need Love by The Oblivians"
"I think it has to have been almost a year since I've posted on here, which is a tad bad. No, not just a tad. A lot bad. Excuse the poor grammar. Getting caught up in school (aka too many assessments) and work and other numerous things that make up my life has led me to neglect something I really enjoy doing."
"Day Two – Dunhuang"
"“Everyone in my high school, including me, despised ‘April’ when I was a solo artist,” adds Hart. ”I would be on stage with my acoustic guitar and everyone in town listened to hardcore so you can’t actually make a band with anyone. At the time I was recording in my basement and that was the one song where I said fuck it. I turned up all the settings the opposite way and I just wrote this really pissed-off song. Also, I wrote it the week after the first high school party I ever went to where I wound up getting shit-faced and puking in this kid’s bushes, it was pretty sweet. But I definitely hated the song when I wrote it.”"
"God called him to be an apostle to the gentiles by revealing his Son Jesus “in” him, whatever that means."
"Betty White! I love doing hair sets!! I just loved her and her humor but most of all her kindness and beautiful heart!! She truly is a very special woman, and I might add, knows what the heck she’s doing! But then I think everyone knows that!"
"Paper: Green Galore, Lovely Lilac and Whisper White Card Stock"
"When I wrote CRACKED, I dreamed of important strangers reading and connecting to it (agents and editors)."
"Chariss saw the massacre of her family when she was four years old. The sorcerer Jamieson Drake would have killed her back then, too, if Hrazon of Mon’dore, the greatest wizard the gods created hadn’t shown up and whisked her off to safety. He’s been her guardian, mentor, teacher, and constant companion ever since. The perfect love and respect these two have for each other is amazing to me. It’s based on 1 Corinthians 13:4 and The Master Rothahn alludes to this in CHOICES MEANT FOR GODS. He seems almost jealous of it when He first mentions it, and that deadly sin of envy only grows."
"We were finally all healthy enough to complete our full Thursday schedule! It went really well! Everyone had fun at piano lessons. Then we had to stop by a friend's house to drop off lots of stuff to sell at a garage sale to help fund their adoption."
"Perhaps because it remotely involves my pu-say and intimately involves my baby making organs that are frankly no body's business but my own and MDH's. It also might require me to discuss the problems that led up to the hysterectomy that involve intimate details about my horrific menstrual cycles that I'm not keen to spill out to just anyone (in person)."
"Damask Rose"
"- I can Wiggle"
"Twit twit twit"
"So Mr. Landlord came over and together we figured it out, or so we thought. Shortly after he left, I realize it was not fixed after all. Now, I don't like to be a problem renter, so I have not called him about it again. At least the clothes smell clean. But sheets are a huge mess -- they just spin tighter and tighter until I could use them for a rope. And since I have no hot water pressure to the washer, it is kind of bugging me that my dirty underwear and towels are just spinning around with cold water and germs."
"The Lord caused my path to intersect with Karen Burkett’s not once but twice. For the second time round, I do freelance writing and editing for her online company (http://www.christianeditingservices.com). How we connected – and then reconnected – is a story in itself. Suffice it to say the first time was because I subscribed to an online newsletter for Christian writers and the second was because my name was right after one of her client’s in her dropdown address menu."
"I can’t wait to have someone else to talk to about this novel."
"I Could sleep for a week,"
"We arrived at 2 pm at a farm out on the Hereford - Brecon road, where a load of people were arriving with cat baskets and dog crates and boxes and basically anything suitable to carry away hens."
"step in the careers of writers such as: Kate Atkinson, Tobias Hill, Carol Ann Duffy"
"Finally, a group of Christians in Haibasa district in Jharkhand state were forced to leave their village after a series of attacks by local villagers. The Christians took refuge at a local church but at last report are living without necessities. In the last of the attacks, the violent mob shut down all exit points to the village before assaulting Christians with iron rods, axes, arrows and other sharp weapons, severely beating four Christians. Other believers, including children, were locked in a room where the assailants attempted to burn them alive. Thankfully police arrived before they could carry out the murders."
"This is mine; go away."
"The irreducibly complex system in the ear is something that evolutionists can never satisfactorily explain. When we look at the theories evolutionists occasionally propose, we are met by a facile and superficial logic. For example, the writer Veysel Atayman, who translated the book Im Anfang War der Wasserstoff (In the Beginning was Hydrogen), by the German biologist Hoimar von Ditfurth, into Turkish, and who has come to be regarded as an “evolution expert” by the Turkish media, sums up his “scientific” theory on the origin of the ear and the evidence for it in this way:"
"“That’s the sentence of life imprisonment. Accordingly, I sentence you to life imprisonment.”"
"Directions: To use Whipped, apply a dime-sized amount of the product to the area that will be massaged or lubricated, or directly onto the toy (more lubricant can be added as needed)."
"But let's say you've practised abstinence. It's your wedding night, and high time for a thorough seeing-too. For God knows how long you've both restricted yourselves, and now your rules allow for...well, anything, I guess. Where do you start?"
"My computer was doing it automatically for me, and I didn't realise it was using the wrong one. :("
"Despite the age of the building, much of the internal decoration is far more recent, following alterations in the 19th and 20th centuries culminating in the extensive restoration of the church in 1960. The oak pews date from the 1970s, the pew ends featuring intricately carved descriptions and decoration. In another nod to Dedham’s transatlantic connections, one commemorates the NASA Apollo missions, while another is dedicated to the people of Dedham, MA, who in 1967 gave over £1000 towards the upkeep of the church."
"Spy Cameras – Covert Or Not? Why Are They So Popular?"
"I believe that Western women do struggle with expressing what it really is we love and want in men and will typically go for the obvious “feel good, sound good” bites like “I want a sensitive guy” “I want a nice guy” “I want a romantic guy” but still doesn’t know how to mention the other qualities that would balance that kind of guy out and make her rawly attracted to him. I don’t really blame men for not knowing either, but I do wish more men would learn to read nonverbal cues from women b/c it would save them a lot of heartache and unwanted romantic gestures. (next post will discuss women and our forms of indirect communication and non verbal cues that men tend to ignore – stay tuned)"
"Jonas Thor Gudmundsson (Ruxpin)"
"I've really enjoyed training alone and have had lots of time to reflect on the past 2 years of my life. Having Breast Cancer for some reason never leaves your memory. It's a good time to think, process and reflect my thankfulness that I'm a live"
"“Hello sir, on behalf of all the Filipino community in Singapore and new citizens like myself, we thank you so much for believing in us and I hope you will continue your good policy of bringing more people from all over the word to take Singapore forward.”"
"***There has yet to be the definitive Titanic movie for me though I have seen many excellent documentaries. The 1997 movie’s special effects were good, however, with so many rich, colorful, and true stories of the actual people who sailed on Titanic, I felt that this movie was a wasted effort in its made-up storyline. A sampling of some of the intrigue that was real life drama on Titanic:"
"Pretty excited about both. Hope it won't rain."
"Many of you have shared both your ideas on how to “go green” in daily life and your commitment to different interesting actions."
"But the earth needs a NEW mandate, needs some help and needs your heart."
"I identify more strongly with Magic’s personality. He is an open and friendly presence. His smile is intended as a welcome, begging others in, begging others to adore him. He loves to be loved. Everyone is a potential friend. Every stranger is a person not yet connected with."
"At the weekend, while the kids were in softplay and hubby was skiing, I sketched a few ideas to change an existing necklace into a less chunky version."
"This week's piece of inspiration is a basic--but important--one: If you don't own a writing notebook already, find one and make it your own. It doesn't have to be a leather-bound, hand-stitched wonder, but it can be if that's your preference. Really, a cheapie lined notebook will do. I use small-ish notebooks that I buy in large-ish quantities at Bob Slate's in Cambridge, MA. They're inexpensive, but the paper is a soft green that I find soothing to my eyes, and I love the line width. I write a lot, so I need a constant and affordable supply!"
"An entertaining moment was when we were by a lake. A group of schoolchildren were just leaving as we arrived. They were adorable, but that isn't the entertaining bit. Someone was watering the shrubs from a hosepipe, and after a while he realised that no more water was coming out. Another man carefully unkinked the hose, but it didn't help."
"* How long have you been pursuing your writing ambitions and what have you done along the way to improve your writing? Have you had to deal with rejection along the way?"
"April 5 = National Caramel Day -- you can have chocolate with your caramel or inside your caramel"
"Some whiskey aficionados look on the entire class as not just suspect, but an insult to whiskey. Some won’t even deign to call it whiskey at all (and, under US law, grain spirits untouched by barrels are not whiskey, but that’s just using the law to enforce one’s prejudices). White dog, they’ll tell you, is useful only as a teaching tool. It is a proto-whiskey, a foil that elucidates the power of barrels and age. Those who would drink it as their drink of choice are defined by what they’re not: they are uncouth, uneducated, unsophisticated, and practically uncivilized. That some would actually want to drink the stuff is indicative only of their woeful state."
"We also had our annual school Art Show. Mrs. Cooper always does an amazing job! This year the lead artists made stained-glass art to put above the doorways in our entrance. Isn't it beautiful?! This was done by 4-6th graders!"
"Accenture is looking for a Websphere Commerce Architect Manager to join this great company. Contact Nate Moore today to learn more. nate/moore@accenture.com"
"These pictures were taken over a month ago, when the daffodils in the forest behind out house were blooming. That we’ve got huge clumps of daffodils randomly placed in the forest, and (until I planted some last summer) none in the yard is a mystery. Did the previous owners of our house plant them there? Did they just naturally grow there? Will I kill them if I replant them in the yard so that I can watch them bloom? So many questions."
"Mrs Elphinstone does it again!"
"8. Layla pinned Nikki Bella to win the Diva Title 5/10"
"Here is the real shocker—your pet’s food is made up of ingredients that make me want to lose my lunch! The ingredients found in commercial pet foods are the ones that are not fit for human consumption."
"I first started out with the “fence” because I really couldn’t believe I would actually need a wall around my heart… thoughts of…..they didn’t mean it… must have been something I did to provoke that…"
"I think black and white conveys the dreariness of a rainy day exceptionally well."
"Added to that is the struggle of De Waal as he looks to unlock his family history – although fortunately for him his ancestors were not only wealthy but also well documented as figures in the social scenes of the time."
"The layout is Karen's Sweet Sunday Sketch. I took inspiration from her card and ruffled up my ribbon. The puppy, stamped butterfly, and sentiment are from my Penny Black Critter Party set (yes, I love this set and use it a lot....especially that birthday sentiment...hope you're not sick of seeing it). The main image is up on foam tape and Stickles were added for some pretty sparkle. The card measures 4\" square."
"So, the USDA has decided to let the poultry plants self-regulate. There's a good plan! That will save money! Of course if you stop doing your job then it costs less to run your agency. You've got to love that kind of thinking... I guess we could save money on the police force if the cops tell us to do our own policing! We're going to start saving money on groceries in our house too, because we're going to stop eating! OK, that won't work... you eat today, and I'll eat tomorrow, and we'll cut the bill in half!"
"Together they worked in the garden and communed with God freely, but one day, the unthinkable happened. Under deception, but still in direct disobedience, both Adam and Eve ate of the forbidden tree. Their eyes were opened and they were ashamed of their nakedness, so they sewed together fig leaves to make loin clothes for themselves. They heard God walking in the garden and hid from him, only to be called out and questioned."
"Road Race Help"
"Then we had some tea."
"13. Chinese Privet Bushes in front."
"We're closing in on the last of the soccer games this week. Two of the kids finish up on Saturday and then we have a game on Monday and one on Tuesday and that's it! I've really loved watching them play. They're so into it. And I've loved watching them learn and improve. But, I'm ready to be done. I'm ready to wrap it up. Ready for the pool!"
"What are you talking about?"
"I’m not saying Obama is innocent of being influenced by lobbyists, or even accepting a bribe. We simply don’t know. But the fact that in 208 years, Newt Gingrich was the first member of the House of Representatives to have a fine levied against him. Again, that’s not to say that he is the only person to ever do this, but he apparently did it very obviously."
"Not a day goes by that we are not so thankful that God allows us to be your parents."
"But a sharing of life's glories:"
"We have three kids, and a few months back we moved William into a bed so that Marilee could move out of a pack ‘n’ play and into a crib. Over the course of the next few weeks William stayed up later and later and later. He got up earlier and earlier and earlier. One night, I held him on my lap. He was exhausted, but he refused to stay in his bed. I said, “William, what do you need to be able to go to sleep?” He turned his head to look at me and said, “Mom, I need a fence.” We put him back in his crib, and he returned to his previous pattern of sleeping 11 hours at night. In order to be still, he needed boundaries. He needed a fence."
"It would be useless to try now to impose upon my narrative more order than there was in my life."
"Sure, it doesn’t look like much but you’re never going to see it except when you put it in or take it out. It has eight cores in there. It’s pretty fast. Best of all, it works."
"Perfume: J'Adore l'Or, Dior"
"The image is by Mo Manning and the sentiment is computer generated. I think that if you buy the rubber stamp of this as opposed to the digi, you get this sentiment. Thats where I got the idea from. The papers are from First Editions Dreamcatcher paper pad, the swirl die is Magnolia Doo Hickey and the butterflies have been cut using a Memory Box die."
"Denver Chop House & Brewery Extra Bitter Bitter"
"Alaska by James Michener"
"* This is great for people who like to sell and trade their diapers and want to keep track of what they have"
"outright \"race war\" -- a foolish notion, considering that American"
"I’m beginning to learn that I write best (or get more done) when I’m able to write early in the morning. There’s an hour to two hour period where Bagpiper has already left for work and Cupcake is still asleep that’s just perfect for writing. Unfortunately, I really hate waking up early, so I’m still trying to adjust to attempting to be up at 5am every day. Some days it works, others it doesn’t."
"‘Supposing truth is a woman– what then? Are there not grounds for the suspicion that all philosophers, insofar as they were dogmatists have been very inexpert…have been awkward and very improper….What is certain is that she has not allowed herself to be won– and today every kind of dogmatism is left standing dispirited and discouraged…Some play on words perhaps…or an audacious generalization of very narrow, very personal, very human, all too human facts.’ This is one of many Nietzschean memes I would like to see spread further, ‘human, all too human…’ From the ‘god’ who wears a beard, to the nature whose ‘laws’ are ‘written’, to the ‘mathematics’ which ‘works’ so well… It seems to me as well that our dogmatic philosophies are thoroughly imbued with ‘human’ concern. Enterprises, instruments, philosophies, etc. which are in an important sense ‘products’ of the primate nervous system appear to bear its genetic heritage under this Nietzschean scrutiny. Here lampooned with an ironic anthropomorphism of the ‘search for truth’ as some sort of postmodern romantic Hollywood farce, N-’s poetry."
"Upon my return to the UK, I had a happy discovery! I have been hired for a job that begins on November 1st. I am so happy to return to work after such a long sabbatical! Wish me luck!"
"Level 16: MP Cost: 40, Duration: 480 seconds, All Stats: +8%."
"When Italy kicked our team out in the semifinals, they changed the text over night into '54 '74 '90 2010 and sang about the next oportunity in South Africa. With this song they also welcomed our team in Berlin."
"Winners will be revealed during the live broadcast from the Nokia Theater, L.A. Live on Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2012 (9:00-11:00 PM, live ET/delayed PT) on the CBS Television Network."
"Friday was Fish Stick day. Usually, that’s an easy day. Just toss them in the oven, and anyone who can’t have fish can have chicken patties. And it would have been… if there had been 20 cases of Fish Sticks instead of the 10 that were in the freezer."
"And what about the skin? Because the skin contains fats, canned salmon with skin will have a higher omega 3 count than skinless. I hate the slimy skin, but love the bones and want to make sure that the fat adjacent to the skin is included. Thus, I opt for the traditional salmon with skin, doctor it myself and increase my portions a tad."
"This is just a sampling of what yesterday was like at our house. It was a day of constant \"joking\" by our little man Z :)"
"Paper: Not Quite Navy, Certainly Celery, Whisper White, \"Marjolaine\"-Basic Grey"
"What I discovered was that from it’s opening the building suffered with water ingress. There were also substantial issues with heating such a large space, for example, the under floor heating was placed so deep down it was rendered useless. The architects blamed the engineers who blamed the builders who blamed the architects etc etc, no one was willing to take the admit that it was their fault."
"Everything around us may change, but God’s Word will never change. The greatest book ever written to the family is still the Bible. “Jesus spoke these words … ‘Father … Sanctify them by Your truth. Your Word is truth’” (Jn. 17:1,17)."
"When will people wake up and realise that we should leave the idealistic wanna-be-politicians to strive for their dreams so we can get on with the task of taking care of ourselves, of becoming proactive, of facing the reality of where we are living, that we are living in a dangerous black African State, not in a civilised western white country."
"\"We're correcting that.\" William laughed. \"You know, we've come all this way just to settle into domesticity.\""
"There’s a list of things that we are not allowed to take with us to Malaysia. Handguns and spices are on that list. That spice trade is so yesterday. Unfortunately, handguns are still very much today."
"And love that shakes the inner soul"
"One of the worries I have about my editing is how it affects my own creative writing. An editor by definition must internalize and work with standardized language. As a creative writer, I need to get outside such standards, to develop some unique ways of manipulating and forming words and sentences. If the role of editor gets too deeply embedded in me, I will not be able to think and create outside of its narrow confines."
"Put those two developments together, and what you get is a massive disintermediation and disaggregation play. Authors still need the same editing etc. functions they needed before, but now we can get them via a variety of emerging business models, many of which have nothing at all to do with legacy publishing. All of which means that legacy publishing will have to reinvent itself and reprice its drastically reduced list of value-add services if it wants to survive. Meanwhile, with legacy publishing's paper lock broken, new entrants, including literary agencies and authors like Bob Mayer, are offering authors various collections of add-on services for various rates of remuneration. So whether legacy publishing survives or not, today authors have more publishing choices than they ever had before."
"Well its back off to my scribing work for me - might get a card posted tonite -either that or the ironing! - otherwise see you tomorrow"
"Tell me how you edit. Can I copy you?"
"Interestingly Emmet writes “NAMA has often appointed outside individuals to sit on the boards of companies”. Other than the case of Harry Slowey’s appointment to Glenkerrin, these appointments have not been publicized and a concern exists over the transparency with which NAMA selects these individuals which are foisted upon developers. It has been suggested by some that NAMA is acting like Don Fanucci in the Godfather with these appointments of “nephews” to businesses under duress – it is certainly an under-reported aspect of NAMA’s method of operation."
"The zoo farm is open between 10.30am to 5pm though the nest box sessions will take place in the Education Room at 1pm and 2pm."
"Here's what I wore to the office on Wednesday. Even with fall weather coming in, I still feel like I'm in a bit of a style rut, wearing the same skirt/tank/cardigan or dress/cardigan combos. I'm a little bored with work right now, so I suppose it'd make sense that I'm bored with my work wear."
"We again ate breakfast by the beach, walked the town while we waited for our bus to pick us up at El Jardin, but not before Nick could get one last swim in. The interbus ride was smoother this time around but we did have to wait for the ferry to dock this time. While we all wished the trip was longer, we enjoyed Montezuma, there was an air of anxiety. More unrest than anything I suppose, but that is how travel days are. We arrived back at the Intercontinental, were promptly met with a large taxi, and then we were home. The rest of the day is a blur. Naps, I do recall there were naps…"
"It was green."
"22. This morning my middle child was very upset at General Mills. Apparently the new box of Lucky Charms I bought yesterday had a serious defect, it had no magically delicious marshmallows. The oldest calmly explained this manufacturing error to her younger sister right as she was pouring the first bowl from the \"new\" box. I deduce the middle child is really not that bright and call the school board to arrange a short bus pick up."
"*Simpleish Mango & Blackberry Tart"
"I may have been wrong, though."
"Here I am looking at the \"other\" side of the story and trying to say wait a minute, but in the same time alienating my readers of color."
"JT - That’s what a lot of us have been saying for a long time, even before Rangers went into administration, and you’re saying, in answer to Jim’s earlier, one of Jim’s earlier questions, that the SPL were fairly well prepared for this event. Well is that actually the case because you’ve had clubs in the SPL go into administration before but the punishment wasn’t changed and it should have been. You’ve had Livingston, you’ve had Motherwell. It should have been changed and it should have been ..we should have been at the point where the punishment would have been severe for administration."
"WINNER: DENISE"
"In his History of Devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary in North America, MacLeod tells us that in 1862, of more than eight hundred churches in North America which were dedicated to the Blessed Virgin, 145 were named for the Immaculate Conception. Another count made by Fr. Maynard Geiger, O.F.M., in 1943, shows that out of 4,817 churches and institutions in the United States dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary, 637 honor the Immaculate Conception."
"I can't believe that Christmas really is just around the corner, but finally we have snow. I love it, most I am sure don't. So pretty and white."
"One time he took them to see the Albuquerque Hot Air Balloon festival."
"Lilah: \"Can we donate this to my class?\""
"Charlie dragged himself out of bed and shuffled over to the clothes his mother had laid out for him the night before. He was really too old for her to do this anymore, but he knew she got some sort of weird pleasure from dressing him. He pulled on some blue jeans and an Optimus Prime t-shirt and flexed his muscles in the mirror. Puny. No wonder Liz only had eyes for Brodie. He made being a 12-year-old boy look easy. His face never broke out, his voice never cracked, and braces only made him look better. All the girls swooned when he walked by in the hallway, breathing in the Axe smell that rolled off of him in waves. He even modeled tube socks for Modell’s. Liz didn’t even know Charlie existed. He sighed and trudged down the stairs."
"They’ve brought flowers. Well chosen."
"Communucations Specialist"
"Three women were being detained on suspicion of battery when members of the crowd set upon officers and tried to free them, he said."
"Managing Director ,and stakeholders wondered while the training in"
"i need a clear view of my path. if fate is real, i need a straight path because it is not only my future at stake but my child also."
"On to #2....the notion that children need school in order to be MORE exposed to activities and ideas. In some families school may very well be a good option for that. Sure. If people homeschool in order to isolate and separate their children then school may very well be a better option for those kids. Not my choice to make."
"Because they have no stay but thine -"
"Supporter of the Year - Clive Whittingham"
"- Cover Girl and Olay Simply Ageless makeup: 15% off"
"7. I do a bit of painting and drawing in my spare time, local scenes, flog a few here an there."
"‘Let us immediately say once more what we have already said a hundred times, for today’s ears resist such truths…man, unadorned and without metaphor, among the animals…’ This, well established but ill appreciated even today, but N- will continue to remind us, and in his opinion not merely animals, but ‘herd’ animals. Slightly more controversial, but I think that is pretty well accepted (by those who count) too. ‘Morality in Europe today is herd animal morality…‘ N- argues that there are other types, ‘higher’ types of course, of morality, but that of his Europe was exclusively a herd version, engendered by a religion that ‘indulged and flattered the most sublime herd-animal desires…the Christian movement.’ And, arising as the political arm of the Christians, are the proponents of democracy, ‘they are at one, the lot of them, in their faith int he community as the savior, in short, in the herd…’ But, luckily, there is an alternative, ‘We have a different faith; to us the democratic movement is not only a form of the decay of political organization but a form of the decay, namely the diminution of man, making him mediocre and lowering his value. Where, then, must we reach without hopes? Toward new philosophers; there is no choice; toward spirits strong and original enough to provide the stimuli for opposite valuations…to each man the future of man as his will, as dependent on a human will…’ It is tragic that for many ears in 2012 N- will be infected with an association with Nazism. I do not read him that way at all, but I can understand based on language such as this, how some people could. But I think a position, even acceptable to many of the herd of my peers, could be derived as well; A message that even today might be considered as ‘positive’. That what happens to us, and through our power to the very biosphere at least, is up to us, and we can remake the universe to our will, not to shrink from this, to have a Nietzschean ‘bravery’ and ‘strength’ and accept the challenge. To ‘stop the buck’, rather than pass it on to ‘god’ or to ‘society’ but to be the explorers of our own path, following what we will the world to be. To, ‘put an end to that gruesome dominion of nonsense and accident that has so far been called “history”…’"
"Creativity is hidden within like my thoughts wearin camo."
"The small cut on my face seems much larger today now that it's scabbed over and healing. I've had a throbbing headache that started as a dull pain when I got up at 4 this morning to catch my flight and has steadily gained steam all day long. Now that I'm home I've had a chance to lay down for a while and it is feeling a little better."
"Name: Tetsuya Bessho"
"I live on a street that seems to me a southern version of San Franscisco, with its tight row houses and steep, sloping sidewalks. Addison loves to sit on her scooter and fly down the hill in front of our house because it feels dangerous and because I have repeatedly told her not to."
"Around three in the afternoon, I changed my mind. I made the crust, mixed up the pudding, and popped open a can of sliced peaches thinking they might look nice as a decorative garnish on top. Then I ran upstairs to take a shower. An hour later I was waddling back down the stairs in my nicest white maternity shirt and brown corduroy slacks to grab my beautiful pie and head out to the party."
"trying to get the pot out of the center of the image."
"but the raspberries, on the other hand, seem to require gentle coercion."
"Pinterest is great for so many things. I am not very organized so I find it fabulous for filing away creative ideas. I have made a few recipes from the foods I’ve pinned. Many were good and some were terrible. I wanted to pass on this one that’s a tried & true keeper. I like it because I don’t have to turn on the oven, the kids can actually help with them and despite their sweet taste, you sneak in a 1/2 cup of ground flax seed for fiber, vitamins, protein and omega-3s. Make sure to buy ground flax seed or grind yourself at home for the full benefits and store in the refrigerator to keep it from going rancid."
"So next time your plane is delayed, or your luggage lost -- you'll know what to say! Still, I hope you won't need to use these :)"
"Acts 4:29-30 “29 Now, Lord, consider their threats and enable your servants to speak your word with great boldness. 30 Stretch out your hand to heal and perform signs and wonders through the name of your holy servant Jesus.”"
"Lim Guan Eng dodges questions"
"I completed the rest of the 4 chapters today. I feel that I have never been more more spiritually challenged in my life."
"Trees have been through enough wind and rain, To fill a history of a thousand ages."
"For a visual, here's one of my text books with a standard tube of chap stick."
"2 engaged"
"And those are my blueberries."
"And also a big shout out to my readers direct from Celine Wilson, the woman who created Ben’s tie clip that I apologized for knocking on Twitter this week. Stuff is actually super cool and made from old typewriter parts. I told her I just preferred the silver and that Ben wore it too high. Regardless, even if you prefer a thinning tie clip like I do, her cufflinks are awesome and her jewelery seems to be a hit with the ladies. Check it out HERE."
"Fun"
"I always dread this time of year, when the holiday movies are trotted out. You can't turn around without hearing some jackass bitch about how much he hates It's a Wonderful Life. He can't get enough of \"I am your father, Luke\" or \"I'm King o' the World!\", but Zuzu's petals once a year is just more than he can bear."
"Coco staggering the long walk home, drunk on milk and cartoons."
"By the end of this training participants will:"
"BF: That’s where they are being used and turned into controlled opposition. They are trying to numb people to the message."
"However, no matter what security firms and Google do to make Android a safer place to be, the end user has the final say as to how safe their system is: “Security technology can go some way to keeping you secure as a user, but if you chose to do inadvisable things, then you increase your level of risk. There is no silver bullet.”"
"The meals are fresh, not frozen. They keep in your refrigerator until ready to heat and eat!"
"Obviously it's almost impossible to describe these earrings without using ths S-word."
"The safety of that coffee shop juxtaposed with the danger I was in now."
"Marchesi Di Barolo Dolcetto '09"
"genre, they decided to gather up some of their fellow Jane Austen Fiction"
"The following are the pictures of our little Sam and Samantha, the King and Queen of 'The Craft Emporium' of Maben, MS."
"On my way to the 4 train, as I walk down 161st Street, in the shadow of Yankee Stadium, I pass a discount clothing store; outfits for urban warriors, male and female. The male mannequins are the usual blank faced generic male models. They pose and preen but there is nothing noteworthy about them. They are neither handsome or sexy. But the women are molded from the bodies of porn stars. The women have something to say. A simple t-shirt is stretched across mammoth breasts with huge prominent nipples."
"And speaking of stories, what’s yours? Are you conserving and recycling water?"
"“Well ya see, Norm, it’s like this. A herd of buffalo can only move as fast as the slowest buffalo. And when the herd is hunted, it is the slowest and weakest ones at the back that are killed first. This natural selection is good for the herd as a whole, because the general speed and health of the whole group keeps improving by the regular killing of the weakest members. In much the same way, the human brain can only operate as fast as the slowest brain cells. Excessive intake of alcohol, as we know, kills brain cells. But naturally, it attacks the slowest and weakest brain cells first. In this way, regular consumption of beer eliminates the weaker brain cells, making the brain a faster and more efficient machine. That’s why you always feel smarter after a few beers.”"
"Upon entering a door, you’re taken to a hunt beyond you’ll accept to pilot a kart, hovercraft, or even to victory. Anniversary car has its own audible handling, and for the a lot of part, they handle well, admitting the kart and even are abundant added fun than the hovercraft. One of the lamest new appearance is the prerace boost. You’ll allegation to draft into the microphone if you’re alive the hovercraft to get a little added speed. To accession your kart, you rapidly move the stylus or your feel downward, as if you’re spinning a tire. You move your feel or stylus in a annular motion to simulate spinning a ballista if you’re aerodynamics the plane. It’s a affliction to alteration from captivation the stylus to driving, and it doesn’t plan all that able-bodied anyway, so the amore adds in actuality annihilation to the game. Already the hunt starts, you’ll acquisition that Diddy Kong plays like a lot of added kart racers. You can drive over pads to get a boost, as able-bodied as blaze missiles and bead mines and oil slicks. Rather than advantageous the last-place disciplinarian with the best weapons, anyone can get the acceptable power-ups by accession assorted power-up balloons of the aloft blush or by accession advancement tokens. The contest are about close, and they’re rarely frustrating, acknowledgment to the bound use of catch-up bogus intelligence. Every already in awhile, a hunt will be difficult, but it usually doesn’t yield added than a few tries to exhausted it."
"G’night all"
"\"By ignoring the party conferences, we committed a small but important act of rebellion against the oligarchy. More and better acts of rebellion will be required\". So writes Brendan O'Neill, who, with a bit of effort, might catch up with us. Even trailing in our wake, though, he is right in advocating more acts of rebellion."
"The first one is PATRIOT ( Pro-Active Terrorist Recognition and Interdiction Operation's Training)"
"In most cases, the no-contact provision can only be removed once the person you have been forbidden to contact goes to court and states the reasons why they want the provision lifted."
"“We knew they had been building up a case against him using Twitter because the last two times he has been arrested what they would do is bring out a file of hundreds of pages of copies of his tweets. That’s their evidence,” she added."
"Brulee’s eyes narrowed. “And I,” said the draenei, “never wished to take up the sword in the Light’s name, to increase my combat prowness, to kill on the field of battle. War was thrust upon me and my people. I wanted us to live, and therefore I learned.”"
"It was Mercer, her father’s lyricist and close friend, who inspired the young Whiting to take years of vocal training when he told her following an early audition, “G row up and learn to sing.”"
"We serve an awesome God that gives us reason to rejoice in our trials and count it pure joy to suffer. He is a God that wants us to be at a place where we lack nothing, but we have to endure the perseverance of trials and sufferings to get to that place. I pray you will be able to find joy in your sufferings as you realise the purpose that God requires to complete His work in you, making you into something more and more beautiful each day that He can look down and be in awe at your beauty – shining like gold."
"Mine has started off as a busy one and that's the way I like it!"
"I do not want to learn how to fly a plane."
"Flash forward to 5:30 and I’ve had six martinis, aka 9.5 shots of vodka, and I’m completed smashed. Mailman Mike has drank who the hell knows how many glasses of wine/rum/whiskey. The Captain's aunt and Mike's girlfriend look to be quite tipsy. It was a loud, obnoxious get-together. Every 10 minutes, one of us would get mad at someone for whatever drunk people get mad about and I would yell “Mother fucking ravioli night!!” for some reason. I have no idea why."
"State legislators also know colleges have other sources of funds to turn to."
"I was closing up shop at 12:00, and I wasn't stupid."
"you can hear it in my voice behind the camera."
"The quick and dirty on sergers – for our purposes – is it’s a sewing machine with extra spools of thread that trims and finishes the seam allowance as it sews. It finishes by wrapping the seam allowance up with loops of thread while also stitching like a traditional sewing machine. In the photo above I’ve got the serger set up to use three spools of thread – it can use four as well. The pink X’s mark the spools that are doing the traditional stitching. That thread goes through the needles. The yellow X’s mark the ‘looper’ spools – that’s the thread that wraps around the seam allowance and gets threaded through the bottom of the machine – marked by yellow X’s. Sergers are awesome because they are fast, make a nice finished seam that’s super strong and they’re great for sewing knits. They also do a nice rolled hem (well, some of them.) I mention the rolled hem because I believe in information overload, but I did not take pictures of a real, live rolled hem (is that a collective sigh of relief I hear?)"
"8. Remember leg-warmers? I miss those."
"Glenfiddich Age of Discovery -- Madeira Cask Finish is a 19 year old single malt whisky. It was matured in new and refill oak casks, then re-racked into casks that were used for maturing Madeira, a sweet fortified wine."
"fanshi（凡斯）painter and poet"
"1 lb chicken tenders, cut into chunks"
"I am SO excited about my upcoming encaustic basics class due to start tomorrow on 11/11/11! I will be teaching it at the gorgeous NEW"
"If the reforms at the USCCB and the CCHD are truly authentic, we’ll know in a year or two (or four). But for now, the wolves are still guarding the hen house."
"Also, buds that are in a \"marshmallow\" state often are attractive to all varieties of outdoor creatures because of the sweet sap, so there's a clue as to what to cut. Since the bud is still closed the theory is no pests are inside; the cold water dunk, soak & swirl is to remove any pest on the exterior as well as any sap that might still attract pests into your home."
"Someday you are to be a jewel adorning the crown of the King. As you lie in His hands now, He knows just how to deal with you. Not one blow will be permitted to fall on your apprehensive soul except what the love of God allows. And you may be assured that from the depths of the experience, you will see untold blessings, and spiritual enrichment that you have never before imagined. J.H.M."
"Mark Hurwitt has cartooned on the Atlantic Yards theme before (see Mr. Markowitz below)."
"and watch the shadow stretch and twist and finally bow"
"On the dimensions of places"
"As Congress and the White House squabble over lifting the debt ceiling limit, on April 22nd CNSnews reporrted that “Federal agencies reported improper payments estimated at $125.4 billion in fiscal year 2010, an increase of $16.2 billion from the $109.2 billion estimate in fiscal 2009, the Government Acountability Office said.” Fully 94% of those payments came from “social spending programs, including Medicare and Medicaid.” Maybe making a decent effort to stop wasting money would be a good idea?"
"And, so, Nouwen helps me change my approach. Jesus’ approach is not the usual human approach. God’s approach is not the typical human approach. ”God’s ways are not our ways” and neither are “His thoughts. our thoughts.”"
"I love to get my \"we will not be moved\" swerve on."
"\"Right then, we're going to sell it to X-Factor so they can cover it.\""
"Isn't it funny how already the media is saying that this is a suicide, before any autopsy is even begun. And of course the media is already giving us multiple reasons for his \"suicide\" - his affairs, possibly an illegitimate child, my goodness - of course he HAD to kill himself. So, the man to succeed to the highest UK police chief position was a drunk, crazy man, who has had multiple affairs and is possibly the father of an illegitimate child. The word \"possibly\" speaks volumes here - lets smear this guy to establish probable \"suicide\" motives."
"I've been searching out the Peanut Butter Co. peanut butter for a while. They are based in New York and make natural peanut butter without all the scary preservatives and palm oil that most producers use (even brands made in the UK which doesn't use as much palm oil as the States)."
"New - 0 - I think it's a record for me. It's been weeks since I started a new project."
"years ago; we don’t know how soon those might become a factor around the Atlantic basin, or even if they will. It’s unsettling to realize that we may have no way of finding out until the first one hits."
"In Friendship!"
"The final 145 pages are similar to the first 69 pages. The information provided is far more general than it is Canon specific and I would recommend it for everyone. This section provides excellent examples of what might be done with flash when making a picture and how to do it. I think a beginner and a professional would both learn from the material presented. Some of the section titles within this part are:"
"Can’t wait for spring football."
"If you implement just a 1/4 of the strategies put forward in this book, you will see your sales take off!"
"Well, not really a boyfriend, we have decided to put off dating for a few years until we are eligible for the senior citizen’s discount at leading establishments. We’re not getting to know each other, we met nearly thirty years ago. He scared me to death back then."
"“As what has been known as the first true performance pickup truck to gearheads everywhere, the Dodge Lil’ Red Express offered the neglected enthusiasts of the late ‘70s a fresh canvas in which to mold the ultimate street machine. It would go on to become the fastest American performance vehicle of …”"
"Large Spinach Salad Made with hard boiled eggs (No Dressing, just plain...I know its not great but hopefully if I stick to this I will be able to eat the things I love)"
"The new location, at Place Fontainas #8, is a ten minute walk"
"Authorized Accounts Management Agent"
"Life is for living--not tomorrow, not when I grow up, not when I'm older, not when I'm retired. Life is for living now. Unschooling understands this. It takes responsibility for one's time on this earth."
"On the agenda over the weekend is a much-anticipated remote beach cleanup. We have rented a boat for the day and will take a group of local kids along to tidy up the beach and surf a few waves to cool off!"
"So, after this experience Cameron and I decided to wait until we get back to the States to have kids. Obviously."
"I think I’d better save up for my plane ticket…"
"I can tell them all apart by their coloring and markings."
"3. Being unavailable when needed during routine business hours. When the answering service repeatedly picks up the phone during normal business hours, it is extremely frustrating for patients. Same with staff not returning phone calls or being absent for 1.5 hours during lunch time. Patients need to have access to staff during normal office hours to make appointments and ask questions."
"Swam all the way across the deep end!"
"Its late, I need to sleep and yet I cannot shed my yearning. So many visions are crowding my head… I want his hands on me"
"And as always check out Serendipitystamps.com and don't forget to sign up for the newsletter to get those awesome deals! And see the newly released stamps! They'll be your cup of tea!"
"For continental U.S., orders will be shipped by FedEx Smartpost to your local post office. FedEx takes approximately 5-8 business days from the day it is shipped for your order to deliver (not from the date of purchase)."
"This time Simon says he would love to welcome back the Girls Aloud star on the judging panel."
"The group has been countering protests by Stop Islamisation of Europe (SIOE) against the expansion of Harrow Central Mosque. The last protest, on September 11, descended into violence."
"physical body this is our teaching tool, simulator"
"Pennie B."
"In contrast, the depiction of London in Jennifer E Smith's The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight kept on jolting me, because I knew more than the author. I kept on wanting to tell her things. For example, British weddings tend not to feature loads of adult bridesmaids all dressed the same, and they don't go down the aisle before the bride. Clinking a glass at a British wedding means a speech, not a kiss. Middle-class families with lots of children don't tend to live in Paddington - just three examples, but I could go on and on. 'Everything in this city seems old, but charmingly so, like something out of a movie.' is not a meaningful description to a Londoner."
"She proved to us that even from the smallest of places can come the greatest of strengths."
"And all the men and women merely players;"
"DHL is strong on trappists as well, aged or not. Indeed, if you order an Orval, you will get a bottle that has been aged for 6 months unless you specifically ask for a fresh bottle. The Ambassadeur Orval title was granted to 340 cafés, taverns and restaurants which promote Orval with good presentation, service and originality. An obvious PR stunt from the brewery's side, but needless to say, DHL qualifies."
"Still years away from her professional prime, Debby has already written several books, including Because It Feels Good: A Woman’s Guide to Sexual Pleasure and Satisfaction and the new Read My Lips: A Complete Guide to the Vagina and Vulva (co-authored with Dr. Vanessa Schick). She’s also published an e-book on anal sex."
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Coat a 10\" Bundt pan with nonstick spray, dust with flour, and shake out the excess. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. In a medium bowl, combine the eggs and egg whites. Beat lightly with a fork. Stir in canola oil, orange juice concentrate, and vanilla. Add the carrots and apple. Stir to mix well. Pour into the flour mixture, stirring until just moistened. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a rack for 10 minutes. Invert the cake onto the rack and allow to cool completely before frosting."
"Cardstock: DCWV, Recollections"
"“WE MAY have lost a lot of pubs,” the argument goes, “but plenty of new bars have sprung up in their place.” However, the reality is that it’s not remotely a like-for-like exchange."
"Visually, Atonement is gorgeous. The cinematography, the costumes, the cast, everything is lovely and glowing. Even the horrors of World War II are filmed exquisitely. And that's where I felt another problem. Perhaps it's all too pretty - the story is so much about the grotesque in human behavior, and this is never addressed visually. Even the battlefield and war hospital scenes move quickly past the broken bodies, and one of the most important images in the book - a severed child's leg that Robbie finds in a tree during the English retreat across France - is replaced by a much more palatable (I can't believe I'm saying this) field of dead schoolgirls, laid in perfect lines. I think perhaps that Atonement works best on the surface of things, as a beautiful, tragic love story. The deeper themes never quite gel."
"As always I am on the hunt for new yummy breakfast options. I am also a lover of chai tea. Lover is being modest. I am addicted… So this recipe is perfect for me and any other chai addicts out there."
"The fact of the matter is that the UAF lie to gain support because their numbers are diminishing rapidly. The MDL lie because that’s what their Quran tells them to do in non-Islamic lands, which Islam calls ‘land of war’. Members of their community are allowed to lie, cheat and steal to benefit themselves. But the wall they have run into here is that having resources like the Internet and Scotland Yard at our disposal. We can give the British public what they deserve: the truth."
"We went to the Jacquemart-Andre museum in the 8th arrondissement for the Caillebotte brothers exhibit. I don't know if I spelled that museum name correctly, and quite frankly it's too hot to look things up, so it's going to stay that way."
"Strong went immediately to work, scouring City Hall of bureaucratic buildup and rebooting municipal agencies mired in Tammany cronyism. First on the agenda was a literal cleanup, hiring Civil War vet George Edwin Waring Jr. as the head of street cleaning, an absolutely key element to restoring the city's psychological health. Within a few months, New York's streets -- clogged with garbage, manure and other detritus -- were as clean as they had ever been."
"Stat-wise, it has high Attack and Sp Attack, the highest of all Ice types. But it has slower Speed and not great Defenses."
"But when I read a lot of teen books, I often worry about the way I see death and bereavement portrayed. In fact I find it bothers me far far more than anything to do with sex or drugs or violence. And those are the subjects that invite debate and controversy. The messages that YA books give about death are less likely to be challenged."
"When GPS was used, it appears to have been effective, and we are glad to note that DSNY is going forward with our recommendation to expand the use of GPS to all snow plows. According to the DSNY official, the Queens East 8 Garage achieved a higher percentage of streets salted and plowed during the blizzard of December 2010 compared to garages in other districts that received approximately the same amount of snow. The report does identify a number of issues that require further attention such as greater planning and coordination must be in place for sensitive locations such as hospitals."
"Surely there has been enough killing, somebody just has stop this before we all wipe ourselves out, are we all insane ?"
"So...I was up feeding Max at 4 am this morning and I came up with this whole blog post in my head."
"Scotia Association of Library Technicians."
"2. In a 9x13 glass baking dish layer noodles, white sauce with chicken, then cheese. Repeat steps, ending with mozzarella cheese on top. Bake at 350 degrees for 35-45 minutes."
"*RAINN"
"In assessing whether government has burdened freedom of religion, a person’s or a religious organization’s right to act in a manner motivated by a sincerely held religious belief is the ability to engage in religious practices in the privacy of a person’s home or in the privacy of a religious organization’s established place of worship."
"BP is planning to start three new oil drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico this year. The launch of the new rigs will bring the number of BP rigs in the Gulf to eight – more than the oil giant had before the devastating Deepwater Horizon disaster three years ago."
"Readers! As we approach our third annual, “Take Our Children to the Park…And Leave Them There Day” (Saturday, May 19), this story is outrageous. Apparently a dad let his two kids, ages 6 and 9, play in a local suburban Pittsburgh park on Saturday morning for not quite two hours while he did some shopping and took a shower. That is, while he went about the tasks of everyday life."
"What books are eligible for the Edgar Awards Reading Challenge?"
"Others said, “This is the Messiah.”"
"Read the guidelines in detail to see eligibility status and also take note to both the City Council’s deadline and Council Member James’. When applying for funding from Council Member James, we ask that you submit the OQF via the website by Friday, March 18, 2011 and the Non-City Capital Request via the Capital Funding Request website by Monday, March 28, 2011. In case your group is missing information and/or need to submit additional requirements, we urge you to adhere to our office deadlines. Any applications submitted after the New York City Council deadline will not be accepted and the website will prevent access. DO NOT MAIL PAPER FORMS."
"The Manhattan district attorney’s office spent five years and hundreds of man-hours spying on Anna Gristina, and for what? “Gristina…is considering pleading guilty to the one charge against her — felony promoting of prostitution. Even if prosecutors were successful at winning the maximum sentence…2½ years…she’d serve only…a year…before…work release as a nonviolent first offender…” New York readers, do you really feel this is a valid use of your public funds? This editorialist doesn’t: “…See, crimes should have an actual victim. If they don’t, than they don’t make any sense. Crimes without victims are well, stupid. They are a waste of resources, tax dollars and waste the freedoms and liberties of the people charged…This prosecution is simply idiotic…”"
"One of the best things during camp is the food. They really delicious and also the juices."
"From The True Spirit of Halloween, for Real Witches:"
"Fun fun fun!"
"These are the poor struggling entities that Michael Bloomberg was so angry with OWS for criticizing."
"I can't resist little boxes! There are about 90 boxes stored here and many more throughout the house and studio. I've vowed to stop acquiring them. Yeah, right."
"Natural Lore"
"I would be cautious in blaming Obama personally for this alleged decision not to remove nukes from Iran without gaining additional information first."
"—I love you . . . –Love ya back. –Courtney Eldridge"
"I probably justify it to myself by saying, it's semi-good for me...because it DOES have a whole grain crust! But...since it's only \"semi\" good for you...and that will probably be a stretch when you see the other ingredients...it's really not something you want to make every day. Darn it!"
"The freelance life — no cubicle, no boss, no schedule — can look so alluring. It increasingly means no income, reports The Wall Street Journal:"
"When badgered for an opinion, a senior FOX network executive, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, is believed to have said: “Hey Fux! This is all a load of make-believe crock, what did you expect from Crocodile Dundee network?”"
"So, are you a grown unschooler (I'm going to say 17 and up. Younger unschoolers have just as wonderful things to say, but I'd like this particular series of interviews to focus on older unschoolers.)? Would you mind answering a few questions? Well, here are said questions! This is NOT an all or nothing deal: feel free to ignore some questions if they don't apply, or if you're simply not interested in answering. All I ask is that you please answer all three of The Basics questions, and at least five questions beyond that."
"Moses Mans"
"And what of my father, a man who crept in and out of both the house and my life with barely a footfall? He brought me into his study, a room I had never entered. There were egg boxes covering the entire wall space. He explained these were a cheap way of sound proofing, which had been insisted upon by my mother for whenever he played his HiFi in the room. And they must have been remarkably effective since I never heard any sound escape into the belly of the house. I wondered whether they also protected his ears from her ground quaking gyrations in the lounge. He announced that he wanted to record my voice, on a wall mounted cassette deck he'd secured from a music studio that was being decommissioned."
"You belong here if … you go to the only school you’ve ever heard of that owns an organ more expensive than two of your homes, maybe more."
"Democrats took a shellacking, but the big loser was the Untied (no typo) States of America, with the electoral map now looking like a big red blob with thin blue parentheses on both coasts."
"Tomorrow is the final day of round 2 of chemo for Little Miss Allison. She has sailed through this session like a superstar! Inside her little body the chemotherapy is doing EXACTLY what it is supposed to do. On the outside she is acting every bit the toddler she is meant to be! She has learned the power of shaking her head \"no\"(but does not 'abuse' it!). She has mastered the art of making doggy sounds, clacking her tongue, and contorting her face into the perfect kissy fish face! She has taken 7 steps all on her own and now dances like Annette Funicello in Beach Blanket Bingo. Speaking of Annette...she even got her first pair of Mickey(Minnie) ears! Thanks Toni & Eric!"
"Now, let's forget housework this weekend. I'll need to finish my Soda piece and start my 2nd cat of Cool Cats SAL."
"I still haven't decided whether I want to take this site offline, or leave it up until it has obviously run its course. I would prefer to \"go out on top\" though, rather than let the site continue to die a slow and miserable death. If anyone would like for me to send them the source code for the blogroll, or create a text file with all the links to the blogs listed here, I would be happy to do so. For those interested, I will still be maintaining the aggregated RSS feed for all the sites that are listed here for my own personal reasons on my Google Reader account. You can find the address to it here: http://www.google.com/reader/shared/user/02628427451354667243/label/Shared%20Items"
"11. Flood"
"Judge Robert Hoyle scored it 117-110, Ruben Garcia had it 114-113 and Tamotsu Tomihara had it 115-113."
"20-something: I know he’s out with his boys, but I’m going to keep texting. I won’t be able to sleep until he tells me he’s home. It doesn’t matter when, I’ll stay up. He may want me to come over."
"hate."
"Dr. King knew all about the master’s tools, he had to confront them all the time, black people telling him to chill to shut up to quit making trouble for “the rest of us.” He also understood that a little threat was not a bad thing.The yin of Malcolm X to his yang of love and peace was a useful tool. A kind of ” see what you might get if you do not go along with what I am trying to do?”"
"Hush, Hush series"
"Add a bit of ghee and fry pepper for a minute or two, until it starts to crackle. Keep aside."
"All events will be held at Jones-Wynn Funeral Home in Villa Rica, Ga."
"The bass player received the most publicity in his career when Dan Ackroyd and John Belushi picked him to play in The Blues Brothers. He also appeared in the sequel Blues Brother 2000."
"Sierra Nevada Celebration"
"“That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death; If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead.”"
"Maybe I’m not thrilled by zombies but I certainly am by ancient history and especially by the history of the Roman Empire. Therefore, a combination of the two seemed especially intriguing to me."
"Living in Turkey there are certain things that are hard (or simply not available) to purchase. Corn syrup is one of those things. I was actually pleased to make a pie without the corn syrup since it is really not healthy anyway. The recipe still has sugar in it, but at least it is not corn syrup. I had a little trouble finding a recipe with out corn syrup, but I figured they would exist since pecan pie was made before development of corn syrup. The pie turned out beautifully, rich and gooey without that sickly sweet taste you find normally. I found this recipe online at Allrecipes. I doubled the recipe and just used one pie shell since I found it made a shallow pie."
"The only winner if the EDL goes down a political route is the government - and that is why various members of the EDL have suddenly started about politics."
"I’m also considering organizing a weekend-long online read-in that would be open to anyone who’s interested, but that’s still swimming around in the ether that is my brain. Would anyone be interested in participating in something like that?"
"The decision to kill bin Laden was a political one, so the likelihood is that his command staff will be killed on a regular basis between now and the 2012 elections. You may recall that a drone tried to take out al Qaeda’s Anwar al-Awlaki in Yemen at the same time in a two-fer, but his days are numbered."
"Narcissistic personality disorder is diagnosed in terms of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorder (IV), a handbook of definitions used by mental-health practitioners, by the presence of five or more of the following."
"mid-2009."
"She, spiritually, into my room"
"call \"a workshop\"."
"Our country’s negotiated war has proved this assertion."
"Chinese companies and multinationals bring different strengths and weaknesses to this competition. The Chinese have traditionally had a bias toward innovation through commercialization—they are more comfortable than many Western companies are with putting a new product or service into the market quickly and improving its performance through subsequent generations. It is common for products to launch in a fraction of the time that it would take in more developed markets. While the quality of these early versions may be variable, subsequent ones improve rapidly.1"
"doar deure geroaken was nen duvelschen toêr"
"Following each performance, A Silent Film took part in an extremely informal chat that covered their upcoming tour, and the band’s growth between their first and second albums. Watch. Listen. Leave a Mark."
"We painted it to match our kitchen cabinets and though it is free-standing in the adjacent dining area and set apart from our kitchen counters, it almost plays the role of a built in, making the room feel bigger than it really is. We even tied in some of the same hardware used in other areas of the kitchen. The result may actually have been better than I intended and happily, it's help put this growing collection to frequent use in our house."
"After a hot day touring DC on Saturday we woke up Sunday morning and finished driving to our final destination: Williamsburg, Virginia. We went straight to Busch Gardens to begin our week of fun. Xavier had a great time watching the roller coasters."
"They thought the clay was the coolest and wanted to \"play\" with it afterwards. This kid created a little alien man from his clay sample. I probably could have bagged it and sold it in my classroom store!!(: Silly kids!"
"One of their greatest warriors, Abin Sur (Morrison) once captured a being called ‘Parallax (Brown) who operates on the yellow power of fear. When Parallax is accidentally set free, he annihilates entire worlds in order to get at Abin Sur. The two battle and Abin Sur, mortally wounded, heads to the nearest planet – you guessed it, Earth – to pass on his ring to a worthy successor. Can you guess who the ring finds?"
"Here is a list of just a few I was able to find. Check it out and see if any of these may be suitable for you and your project teams:"
"I have a huge head so I know to sit low. People with big heads that haven’t figured this out yet should be in prison. If it’s the hair that’s making the head in front of you so big, just trim some of it off with a pair of scissors. It’s dark, and they won’t notice what you've done to them until they get home. By that time, you’re already half-way to Mexico."
"For Tristan Hart, everything changes with one crashing wave."
"Somewhere in the back of my mind, I still have buried resentments and hostile feelings about the wedding and the time leading up to it as well. There were lovely people who took part and wonderful moments that I’ll never forget, but there were also selfish people and such petty behavior that can really put a damper on what is supposed to be the happiest day in one’s life."
"So, now for the million-dollar question."
"1/2 cup red wine"
"Dialogue with the Examiner on Difficult Biotech Cases"
"Folks are always looking for a goat. Why not Brady? Welker is an easier target."
"we have the best little birdies back there. stripey-headed finches, cardinals bright cocky red and warm motherly rust, even a damn woodpecker pecking away on the forgotten pines hanging over our depressed garage. so lovely with the patches of snow on the ground."
"A middle aged woman who had laughter, strength, and life returned to her eyes....."
"On the other hand, this is no ordinary writing guide. With a bold attempt to teach style in a new way, the authors are exploring poorly developed territory with interesting and engaging new ideas. The conversational tone shifts the frightening idea of style to something newly accessible, changing it from a mythical creature to a household pet every writer can obtain. Hiding between the classic textbook lines is a book brimming with clever deviations from the norm, setting a new standard for teaching an approach to developing style to the masses."
"In 1965, it acquired Amana Refrigeration, Inc., a manufacturer of refrigerators and air conditioners. Using the Amana brand name and its distribution channels, Raytheon began selling the first countertop household microwave oven in 1967 and became a dominant manufacturer in the microwave oven business. (SOURCE: Wikipedia) Wouldn't you have liked to see the salesman's catalogue?"
"Lilee"
"Greco Holographics"
"your love more profoundly and truly."
"1. Best bet is most generally consumption. This means you are paying for exactly what was served. Which by the way, you can limit what is offered at the bar. You can set it up to be just beer, wine, and sodas."
"This is something I can’t wait to try in my Pathfinder game on Sunday 7/25!"
"It is as much an anti-people government as any other. The series of evictions of hawkers and slum dwellers, and steps like abrupt stoppage of subsidies to public sector transport corporations resulting in non-payment of salaries to hundreds of employees have already made this clear as daylight. Naturally it is also anti-democratic, as evidenced by, inter alia, moves to make elected panchayat bodies more subservient to administrative officials."
"Currently at Clumber Park CC site and the weather is lovely"
"Parking:"
"Is a dentist that doesn't look in your mouth even a good idea?"
"First try, open scheduled transactions, nothing happens. After a minute, I hit a couple of mouse clicks and the whole Quicken crashes. Grrr, Argh, as Josh Whedon would say, and one of my favorite sayings when working with computers – which my husband fondly reminds me that “computers are our friends!”. Second try, same thing, crashes Quicken. Reboot the whole system. Third try, open Quicken, open scheduled transactions, nothing happens, wait longer, hit the mouse, crash Quicken!!!! GRRRR ARGH. Now I call out for help, “Honey!” Ok, it wasn’t much of a call as he was sitting right next to me at his computer but he did come up and walk over to see what was happening."
"My approach to beer writing is by no means the only approach, but I write to try to encourage other people to share the simple joy of beer as much as I do, to switch on people who drink beer but don't particularly care about it that much, to suggest to them that there's so much more they might enjoy. No one says you have to do it this way, and no one ever made me the spokesperson for beer. It's just how I decided to write, in the same way others decided to write in an opinionated way about what they love, and what they hate."
"We headed home to wait for mr bug man. He didn't show. AGAIN. I called after 45 minutes and the guy on the phone (who scheduled the appt on Monday) says to me, \"THEY have you down as an anytime today.\" Hmm, funny that \"they\" is \"you\". I didn't argue or say anything but just explained kindly that I needed the guy to come to check out some issues we have had in the bathroom which is why we had scheduled an actual time. Ok, well he'll be there in an hour. Three hours later he knocks on my door."
"stamps: moka kristie (taylored expressions)"
"And it did, after a lot a pushing (it was really only twenty minutes, but I was sure I was pushing out a cube van) into the world came a demure 6lb 15 oz baby girl. A girl, our girl."
"your white bra snug against your breasts,"
"These pictures above, by the way, should be clickable through to larger size and better definition. I will soon be starting to replace the pictures on the rest of the site in the same way, so that those of you who want better definition pictures will be able to get them without having to email me."
"89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes – Sir Arthur Conan Doyle"
"So, what do you think about leaning mirrors? Are you a fan?"
"Short stories up to 5,000 words and flash fiction up to 500 words are being accepted for Battlespace an anthology of military science fiction."
"There are two types of friction and friction coefficients; static and dynamic. The static coefficient of friction measures the amount of energy required to move a stationary object across a surface. The dynamic coefficient of friction measures the energy required to keep an object moving. If you have ever moved furniture you will understand the difference. Getting a bookcase moving from a stationery position and getting it across a room require different levels of energy."
"While stuff like \"I love you all\" written with blood on the walls and you hanging in the foreground does have a great effect on people (especially for the ones who find you) and will instantly make them feel sorry for your ass, you should know that it's already becoming a cliché."
"Under the pew."
"- Does the online poker website have a strong player base?"
"2010.09.06 Pakistan Quetta 1 0 The body of a lawyer is found riddled with bullets six weeks after his abduction."
"I thought I looked pretty good. I had my blonde hair flipped back on the sides, ala Farrah Fawcett, skinny jeans with high heels and I was ready to dance. My roommate, Pat, sat beside me. Pat couldn’t care less if a guy asked her to dance or not. She just went with the flow. She had these gorgeous blue eyes and short dark hair. She was tall and thin and smoked like a fiend. She had this way of inhaling a cigarette that made me want to mock her. The more she quietly drank, the more her hair fell into her eyes. She was a lot of fun to be with. Years later she was a bridesmaid in my wedding."
"But you can do the job"
"We left the restaurant and went to see our new baby cousin (Joe’s first cousin’s baby girl Ellie). She’s 4 weeks old and is the most precious baby ever. It was so fun watching Anna interact with her – especially since we’ll have our own little one soon! Anna is going to be such an amazing big sister. She’s gentle, quiet, and she’s totally willing to change poop diapers and feed the baby. SCORE! It’ll be like having my own little elf around to help me out!"
"In other findings, 48 percent said it would be acceptable to reduce funding for state prisons. Eighty-four percent favored keeping violent criminals in prison for their full sentences. Large majorities favored reducing prison time for low-risk, non-violent offenders. Some 87 percent said they would allow such inmates to be released up to a year early if they have behaved well and are considered a low risk for recidivism. When given a choice between violent offenders serving five years in prison or four years of a five-year term, followed by supervision for a year, respondents favored the shorter-sentence-plus-supervision option, 67 percent to 26 percent."
"A judge ignores the voters in California by overturning Prop. 8. Even though the people of the state have voted twice and won to keep marriage between a man a woman."
"1 exploiting"
"All the rumors are now confirmed where some are correct and some are not. Weighing in at 133g (4.7 ounces) and whittled to 8.6mm at its thickest, the rounded-off design has more than a little bit in common with its Galaxy Nexus cousin. Of course, it’s Samsung’s new 1.4GHz Exynos 4 Quad processor doing the legwork, and there’s 1GB of RAM to help it out."
"*Ribbon - American crafts"
"shaking their head in admiration."
"The child just needs to learn to deal."
"So i've kept you all long enough. Just before I go, thank you to all you lovely friends who have sent me birthday cards and gifts, I will try and get round to emailing you all individually over the week. Your thoughtfulness never seizes to amaze me, you truly are the best!!!"
"Click on the image just to the right - the scarf has a mention there too!!"
"Fields, Clark and Allen were likely killed early Friday, police said. Fields’ body was discovered about 1 a.m. in a yard in the 1000 block of East 51st Place North. Clark’s body was found about 1:50 a.m. in another yard in the 300 block of West 63rd Street North and Allen’s body was found about 8:30 a.m. in the 800 block of East 36th Street North."
"Now for the really good stuff. What the playroom is all about. TOYS! Toy storage can be a crazy chaotic conundrum, but not in this space. And do I ever have a chore when I walk into this room? Nopers! My fantastic threesome couldn't be better at keeping this space neat and tidy all on their own, because I made it easy for them to do so."
"Tony Curtis, William Fraker, Leslie Nielsen, Patricial Neal, Robert Culp, Lynn Redgrave, Jill Clayburgh, Dennis Hopper, Blake Edwards, Lena Horne and all the others."
"My inspiration today goes back to the girl scouts. Their new variety, in honor of the 100th Anniversary, is Savannah Smiles--a lemony shortbread in the shape of a big smile."
"permission during the process of installing this package."
"\"It's snowing,\" Papa Grey-Frosty bellowed. Actually, this was before the big snow, wasn't it? The noveltly was fresh. Helen hadn't seen real snow in almost a year. Mason wouldn't know snow if he was caught in an avalanche. I braved a look, and regretted it. The rug, the floor, the children were covered in styrofoam peanuts. The things generated static electricity and clung to every surface, crawling up the legs of Grey's jeans like snowy gangrene. Helen and Mason were rolling in a field of white. Helen made a peanut angel then ran to the kitchen, tufted in peanut puffs."
"...find me a spoon in one"
"She is still becoming."
"L15/43’s Exploration Details 31"
"After grabbing my favorite teapot and a beautiful teacup, I brewed a pot of Earl Grey (with cream, of course), then added a Battanburg lace napkin and a slice of my daughter's homemade bacon and basil quiche (served on a beautiful floral dessert plate)."
"WIE: What you are saying is that modern science, from a completely different angle—not assuming anything about the existence of a spiritual dimension of life—has somehow come back around, and is finding itself in agreement with that view as a result of its own discoveries."
"Turn-off: Stink"
"It should be obvious by now that my children are doomed."
"She groaned."
"Kicking heels"
"Declaring that he is now reading about Reagan is like putting the cherry on top the trickle down mess he just pushed on us."
"After several hours and thousands of fabrics I managed to find some great new prints that I can get to work on creating new color schemes with. I need NEW colors in my life!"
"* Image - KennyK 'Troublemaker'"
"Oh dear a valid argument. So a plan needs to be made. Her car has no petrol so she will have to hitch into town. She has done this many times before, but never at this time of day. Walks briskly down the road towards the end of the village where all the hikers stand. But a mere block from her house she hears a car coming behind her and sticks out her thumb and voila she has a lift to town."
"“Beware of allowing yourself to think that the shallow concerns of life are not ordained of God; they are as much of God as the profound. It is not your devotion to God that makes you refuse to be shallow, but your wish to impress other people with the fact that you are not shallow, which is a sure sign that you are a spiritual prig. Be careful of the production of contempt in yourself, it always comes along this line, and causes you to go about as a walking rebuke to other people because they are more shallow than you are. Beware of posing as a profound person; God became a Baby."
"Authors: Robert M. Kunstadt⇓ and Ilaria Maggioni (R. Kunstadt, P.C.)"
"I decided to branch out and read the “master of horror”. I’ve seen parts of the movie but as usual it’s sometimes more fun to read the book. The book was surprisingly short and only took me about two hours to finish =) I was at first confused by King’s formatting on the physical page. He uses parenthesis which I liked the personal thoughts in them but I was a bit confused at first. And I liked the use of news articles interspersed in between the prose but in the beginning I was confused again because I wasn’t sure of the format. I did enjoy the suspense that it created although at times I wasn’t sure I liked so much foreshadowing."
"Date of entry / Type of Entry / Lot size / Currency Pair / Entry Price / Date of Settlement / Exit Price / Net Profit"
"One and a half stock cubes (any kind you have)"
"Clutching the bags like a porter, I walked briskly to the guard station and got into a very low, red Ferrari. My bags were jammed next to my cramped legs."
"Day 7- a photo that makes you happy"
"else is a criminal but someone in possession of a valuable commodity -"
"Baby Buggy Boogie by The Milo Twins"
"How to Coordinate Your Watch With an Outfit"
"Part of this obscure duty has also become this blog. Again, it is not for recognition. I couldn’t care less if I ever get “Freshly Pressed!” When I started putting my devotionals online, it wasn’t so hundreds of people would read it. (Good thing…because that hasn’t happened!) I just thought that, first, it’s a place to keep my devotions, and, second, perhaps someone else could benefit from my meandering. I believe that HAS happened, and I thank God for it. Anyway, the point is I have to be content with what God has me doing. I welcome the rare moments of inspiration, but I can function without them. I can do my duty without them. That is where he wants us."
"Ow sounds like mouse, but not like flow – which has the same spelling pattern."
"” No lah! Can’t be, “ he said."
"These are Kristen's biggest problems at school. Today was her last full day of school. On Friday, we have the singing program and then she is done for the summer. As I was waiting in the car line today, one of the directors came over to chat with me. Kristen decided she kept needing to try to hold the little boy's hand next to her during practice, felt like she needed to pull her dress up a couple times, and sang \"most of the time.\" What more can I do to help her?"
"-There is a secret stash of binkies and treats in your purse"
"I have been blogging for over seven months now. I know I have not been the most reliable blogger but I have enjoyed every minute of it. I find my blog is a place where I can share my passions and hobbies with the world with the benefits of it acting as a great journal."
"really- do we ?"
"- mix with a wooden spoon until it is a smooth, thick batter"
"And so, twenty…er.. something years after we first met and house shared at university, George Dean and I have set up our dance theatre company AnaMorphic. When George came and helped to direct my solo Dead Man Dancing earlier in the year it was so evident that we should continue working with each other. given that we are both at crossroads in our lives (career wise) it was also clear that this should become a major, energy consuming project. So far we have spent an awful lot of our energy on our company name. I hope that you like it."
"Now, don’t get me wrong. I’m not proposing that we all have to live and breathe the same exact way, but still. Can’t we all get on board that domestic violence is bad? Or that perhaps putting someone that disagrees with us in jail (gulag…yes, they still exist) strictly because they (or their significant other) disagree with us is bad?"
"The Me2 Club helps children and young people aged 5 to 19 years old with additional needs to participate in mainstream activities playing and socialising alongside other children. This is made possible by providing a trained volunteer to offer one to one support."
"I called this the “pricing game” in another post. It really feels like that to me! Like a really tricky crossword puzzle or something you just have to sit down and figure out."
"people used to spend quite a bit of time alone"
"However, Jeff loved his daughter so much, he’d defied his own wife and risked everything. Moody had recognized who wore the pants in their relationship and saw Jeff’s courage as a positive sign."
"I am really worried that the Government just don't get it. It would appear that as the riots have abated for now already the seriousness of the situation is being downgraded. David Cameron talks tough about rioters going to prison while the Courts bail them. He also makes it clear that the reduction in the policing budget will go ahead. Kenneth Clarke has announced that the Government will increase the maximum curfew sentence from 12 hours a day for 6 months to 16 hours a day for 12 months. So already we can see that the focus will be on non custodial sentences."
"Stephen Lennon, also known as Tommy Robinson, is facing a charge of assaulting a police officer following a counter-protest in Kensington against an Islamist group which burned poppies to mark Armistice Day."
"Tel: +33 (0)1 43 48 48 48"
"I'm allowing myself to be officially depressed. There's no reason to fight it because I've been becoming it since the middle of the night when I sat up with a cup of coffee and tried to deny it. It's always better to acknowledge it and give into it than to try and act as if there's nothing wrong, which is impossible anyway."
"No biggie – just move the strike around a little, or chisel out a little from behind it, and you’ll be good to go!:"
"-Walking in at the closing ceremony as a survivor and completing the 60 miles was an amazing feeling"
"The waiter informed us that there was no chance of sun today, only humidity and the possibility of rain in the afternoon, this after sweaty rain showers the night before."
"I scattered some seeds around last year in the true Miss Willmot tradition and am looking forward to Eryngium giganteum putting in an appearance next year."
"In a cake mixing bowl, mix the flour, 2 table spoons of cinnamon powder, the baking powder and the pinch of salt."
"Here's the short version of the road to publication:"
"Haha, no, I swear that isn’t what has happened to me. I just want to address the issue as a whole of men who have been duped by women into having children, and what we can do about it."
"It turns out that, for me, the solution is more travelling. This previous weekend my program went south – quite literally through the greener pastures of Chile – to Pucón, and I then continued on to Puerto Varas. While the first day in Pucón was somewhat of a blur due to the overnight bus ride, but I spent the second climbing an active volcano named Villarrica with two guides and a small group of friends. The trip began at sunrise around 6 AM, and due to good weather, was spectacular the entire way. By far the best part was descending the glacier just below the summit cone, which we did in about fifteen minutes with the help of ice axes and small plastic sleds. The following day I packed myself a lunch, rented a mountain bike, and spent the late morning and afternoon exploring the surrounding area."
"I'd blame your stylist, but let's be honest with ourselves, the stylist of anyone whose wardrobe is comprised almost entirely of shirts that come three for $10 in a plastic bag probably killed him or herself long ago."
"Hilary Kenny"
"So… I’ve been getting text messages here and there. It’s obvious to me that the reality of the situation is eating at my father. I’ve been getting threatening text messages over the last week."
"2 handfuls of pitted olives"
"With the best friends a girl could ever ask for."
"To boot, the Islamic mass migration, into what is now a Jihad exporter, the UK, has been staggering, and now word has come out that the ruling elites and the world Bankers did this on purpose. Imagine, a nation’s elite that on purpose has taken radical steps to in effect, exterminate the very society that allowed them to climb to the level that they are at. In most societies, there would be riots, but not in Britain where a diet of X factor and Corrie keep the sheep like population in a myopic coma of their own making. As Islamic fundamentalists rape and murder at will and the all watching and all knowing police state never seems to know what is and when this is going on...but God forbid you light up in a bar and refuse to put it out, they will send an entire riot squad to get you."
"Recently we spoke our truth to our therapist, and that truth finally permeated through the depths of our system. Now all inside know of what happened, and all believe and know of its truth even if the events didn’t happen on “their watch.” What happened to “one of us” happened to all of us. There is understanding and a unity inside that didn’t exist before. We have a common goal—to heal."
"Autoimmune diseases are also characterized by a disorder of the immune system with the abnormal production of antibodies (autoantibodies) that are directed against the tissues of the body. Examples of autoimmune diseases include not only those that feature inflammation in the joints, such as systemic lupus erythematosus, Sjogren’s syndrome, and rheumatoid arthritis, but also disease of other organs, such as occurs in Hashimoto’s thyroiditis and juvenile diabetes mellitus."
"(I’m not trying to convert the world into getting a pet rat. They’re not for everyone. For example, I am scared of rabbits. Not sure why. But they just don’t float my boat. I just don’t like the stereotype that rats are ‘disgusting, filthy animals’)"
"But who will be cooking the food, selling the goods, fighting the combats and reading the poetry, you ask. Re-enactors! In the world today there is a huge number of people who dress up as people from the past. These are men, women and children who leave their ordinary lives behind for a weekend or two per year to dress up in ancient garb and become someone else. Archeon theme park invites various re-enactment groups from all over Europe to come. They get room and board, but pay for their own travel and give their time for free. Each of them is an expert in their own field. As an historical author, I rely heavily on input from living history actors, as they like to call themselves. Some people think re-enactors should \"get a life\". I think re-enactors have at least two lives: their day-to-day life and their ancient alter-ego! I recently posted a POLL on my Facebook page, asking re-enactors why they gave up precious time to dress up and \"inhabit\" the past. The top three answers were 1. To learn more about their period, 2. To inspire children to study history, 3. To share their knowledge with others. All most commendable. It's great to stop and see how a mosaic-maker does it. Or watch a fresco-painter at work. Or ask a runaway slave what is branded on her forehead!"
"“What’s done is done,” Beck stated calmly. “Nothing can change that. Our food problem is solved…that’s the bottom line.” Absently pointing his pistol in Peart’s direction, he applied his best, most-practiced look of authority. “You and Steinman take the body to the galley and get it prepared. There’s a world-wide reception awaiting us when we finally reach home. A hero‘s welcome.”"
"\"Good luck to you\", I said. \"And you know what, right here, right now, you've made your start.\""
"“The International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants on 8 July and 27 September 2005 against Joseph Kony, his deputy Vincent Otti, and LRA commanders Raska Lukwiya, Okot Odhiambo and Dominic Ongwen. The five LRA leaders were charged with crimes against humanity and war crimes, including murder, rape, sexual slavery, and enlisting of children as combatants. The warrants were filed under seal; public redacted versions were released on 13 October 2005.”"
"One should always have a hobby. It really doesn’t matter whether you’re a teenager, an adult or a senior, people always need a way to relax, a way to vent their creativity and fulfill their natural desire to create. You discover amazing things about yourself and the world around you when you commit to a creative activity in your free time. You become calmer, more confident and you feel satisfied with your life. (This is NOT an ad for viagra… honestly.)"
"Summer - Day 60ish of 91"
"I was good, though, and dumped some of the wine after tasting it….I always hate doing that, especially in front of the wine makers, themselves, but 20 wines is a lot of wines, especially when you’re planning on running a half marathon the next day!"
"Minute 1:51 of the ISM video clearly shows Lt.-Col. Shalom Eisner's bandaged hand, after his fingers had been broken by an agent provocateur."
"The local provincial ANC-MEC for social development Weziwe Thusi ( +27 033 341 9600) condemned the murder of the Dutch woman 'in the strongest terms'."
"First off, I knew all the twists before they happened. ALL OF THEM."
"1. I am grateful for the ability to help others whenever possible."
"I have (on the twitter) posted links to interesting documents on Carbon Emissions, Climate Change and what might be done about it. Most recently:"
"learn to fly...foo fighters"
"Would I be good enough?"
"donkey = “tor”"
"The second photo is a Wild Duck gumbo I prepared using freshly shot Mallard and store bought Andouille sausage. This smokey and spicy stew was served with grilled Jalapeno/Jack cheese cornbread."
"There is lots of buzz about doing business in China as that huge market has become available to companies large and small. It has its pitfalls, however, and Stephen M. Perl, MS, MBA, an expert in Asia trade, has penned Doing Business with China: The Secrets of Dancing with the Dragon ($19.99, ChinaMart USA Book Publishing, Los Angeles, softcover). It’s estimated that China represents a $10 trillion market that is up for grabs in the next decade. This book is essential reading for any American firm that wants to do business in China. It is a practical, nuts-and-bolts handbook. There are secrets to establishing successful relationships with the Chinese government and business leaders. This book provides an invaluable cultural, political, and business insight from the U.S. perspective and it is not just for CEOs of large companies. Rather, it applies to small companies as well, to entrepreneurs, and is useful for government and private think-tank policymakers, as well as employees, who are doing or planning to do business with China."
"Answers are the questions that ate the laws of gravity on the leaves of super consciousness"
"As a kid, one of my favourite radio programmes was Desert Island Discs, a BBC Radio 4 production that has been running since 1942. The basic format is that a well-known guest is invited onto the show and asked to imagine that they will be stranded for an indefinite period on a desert island with 8 pieces of music, one book of their choice, The Complete Works of Shakespeare, the Bible or other relevant religious/philosophical work and one luxury item which must be inanimate and of no use to escaping from the island. In between explaining their music choices, the guests talk about their lives and since this programme is basically an institution, they've had just about everyone you can think of on there. Imagine my delight, then, when I found out that I could subscribe to the podcasts of current episodes AND access the archives all the way back to 1998."
"Question of the Day: What religion not listed would YOU be interested in discussing?"
"Recently I was out to dinner with friends. We sat outside at a tapas bar, and an older gentleman played soft, slow Brazilian jazz. The owner of the restaurant, a tall, slim man with a Brooklyn accent I couldn’t quite believe was real, danced with his wife on the little brick patio, and his loose, light stepping made my throat tighten. He danced like my dad. Controlled but free, fluid and graceful and lithe...I longed to ask him to dance with me. He may very well have, but I was more afraid that were we to dance, I would lay my head on his shoulder and weep."
"Oh, and if you're interested, I was *NOT* an instant winner. Instead, I got a free desktop/phone wallpaper image:"
"The unpent enthusiasm, the wild cheers of the crowd for their"
"The Paper Pretties Challenge Theme this week is :"
"I'm moved wards. I feel a bit forgotten. My second day there and I am drugged up to manage the pain."
"There’s no living in my life anymore"
"Since I've been thinking about the reality of my wedding for the past few weeks, I've narrowed some basics down and gathered crazy amounts of inspiration to help me make decisions (...or become further confused, whichever). Check out some of my thoughts below :)"
"Just had to share this blog post with you all today. I know I needed to hear it! Yesterday was a hard homeschooling day...a day when I doubted if what I was doing was the RIGHT THING for our family..."
"I sent absolutely horrendous query letters to the very biggest publishers and agents I found on a list somewhere, then waited patiently while they, one by one, sent back little cards that had the words \"Dear Author\", \"regrettably\", \"unfortunately\" and other such niceties. I was shocked and mortified."
"Question Your Teaspoons by Alec Finlay (pamphlet)"
"Different people deal with stress relief differently. Some people have to surround themselves with friends. Sometimes people need to be alone."
"One 12-ounce package semisweet chocolate chips (Ghiradelli works particularly well.)"
"Me love you long time."
"Paris: Call me Paris, Buff. How do I feel? Honestly? Hungover."
"First of all, I admit, I know who Jeremy Lin is (I mean, I know his name) and I know there’s been a lot of excitement/controversy regarding him directly related to his ethnicity. But that’s about all I know. Oh, I know he plays basketball. I’ve never commented on or written about any of this “Linsanity” because I figured there was enough heat and debate out there already. BUT, this particular article specifically caught my interest."
"t-shirt quilt if I made it. Well she just took over. She contacted"
"- SKETCH!! YIPPEEE! (see below) This week I tried to tap it cool on all the extra everything. hee hee .... ya, this is my simple card. sigh...I just can't do simple. That is such an art within itself I tell ya!"
"\"My Boyfriend Scales Walls\""
"This time of year is special to me because it represents new life in Christ for me and for others and all the newness of a day or a year, an idea and new life changes. There is so much hope associated with Spring!"
"Rose’s acceptance of her mother’s affair also bothered me – as did Lane’s apparent lack of distress that her daughter had found out about it. In fact, the whole family was so dysfunctional that it made the story difficult to read because their lives were so fractured and there was so little in the way of meaningful interaction between them. Rose also abandoned her longing for George with a suddenness that seemed at odds with her adoration of him throughout the rest of the book. The kiss between them was a clear, lucid moment in their relationship, and it felt like it should lead to some resolution for her, but the next we hear of him he’s getting married to someone else, and she trots along to the wedding like a dutiful chum, dancing with him and then releasing him to his bride."
"And that's why FIFA should make an exception this year, and give the award to both of them. Like a joint award. Just say the managers poll was tied or something. I mean they're FIFA, and based on what we saw and heard about the World Cup 2018/2022 selection process, pretty much everything is possible in football's headquarters! This time though, I'm sure the world will understand."
"And keep in mind that the Icelanders want your foreign money now the Icelandic banks go bankrupted one by one."
"(Seriously? Who eats a salad for breakfast - me, that's who.)"
"Prefer getting or giving presents: Giving"
"Outside on our bicycles, we drove cattle all day, down the grasslands of Berkshire Road and through the river of Cedar creek at the foot of the hill. I slipped climbing the creek bank and Jeff caught me by the arm, pulling me up onto the grass. We reached the apartment building patch-of-grass-Ranch by late afternoon. We were tired, having driven five hundred head a hundred miles in one day. Our knees were grass stained and scraped. Our sneakers were muddy. The saddle packed peanut butter and jelly sandwiches from lunch were long gone and our stomachs grumbled."
"- Greg Deuhs, Redhook brewmaster"
"The plotting scene is one of silent cinema’s most famous. In one tremendous tracking shot, Murnau’s camera captures, then pulls ahead of the skulking Man, winding its way past the trees of a swamp and we know—instinctively, I think—that the Man is following us. That the camera never stops, or even shudders, along its path is important. It makes the journey from A to B inexorable. We reach the waiting Woman before the Man does, and when he does show up, seconds later, we feel he was bound to do so."
"They have no speech, they use no words;"
"Nine different duty stations! …"
"Nic's Said Books:"
"Love my hubby so much!"
"Then I thought about building a wall above the mantel to close it off (many of you have suggested that). But it would have just made the mantel even smaller."
"Each of the above Gothic Style Monogram previews are clickable so that you can go directly to them in the shop. I will proceed with uploading the rest of them over the next two or three days! If there is a letter that you specifically need, then just email me using the email graphic at the top left of my blog and I will get the one you need uploaded right away! Each of the Gothic Style Monograms are $2.00 each, and you can get a 25% discount when you buy 5 or more at one time! Just email me for your coupon!"
"Reader's Feast Bookstore"
"To make the base of my card i used the reflection die called Celtic chain Mega Doily. The biggest size is absolutely perfect for a card as it fits a booklet card's size and that way, you'll have your design all around the card: cooool!"
"My chosen image open in gimp (credit to my lovely wife, who took this particular picture she takes much better pictures than me) -"
"Because one of the things about his writing style that has always struck me is his openness, I decided to write about the deeply personal approach I have to my art."
"My lunch break from work was always some ungodly great escape, but no great escape could ever top my weekly forays down Broadway in DTLA (Downtown LA). No lover of Mexican culture, I was nevertheless in awe of all the cool shops down this heavily Latinized section of town. I'd walk down the hill from 1st Street and cut over past all the bridal dress shops - teenage brides served daily! - and head over to The Bradbury Building. It's weird stepping in there and seeing those legendary staircases and balconies where Darryl Hannah attacked Harrison Ford in \"Blade Runner\" and the immortal Edmond O'Brien facing down his killer in \"D.O.A.\" Brilliant. It's also home to the classiest-looking Subway I've ever eaten at. Next door is the world's oldest men's barber supply store. You can actually pick your favorite straight razors and shaving cream brushes; the selection is incredible."
"Christian Endeavor Growth From 1881 to 1902—the date of Dr. Bob’s graduation from college at Dartmouth."
"Police in Malvern are gearing up for the town’s first emergency services open day this Saturday (5 May). The rear yard of the police station on Albert Road North will be open to members of the public between 11am and 3pm, where members of the emergency services and partner agencies will provide lots of activities for a fun family day out."
"I do not see the road ahead of me..."
"Anyway, it was this book that brought me my first big break. Her name is Jenny Rappaport, and she's an agent in New York. I actually found her the old fashioned way: query, then 3 chapters, then the whole manuscript, then months of agonizing, then a phone call."
"ROM 1:4 And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:"
"So anyways, we left the crane, Seneca Crane, with a napkin that said, “Seneca Crane is my name, killing kids is my game. Hunger Games ftw!”"
"Forever will find you still at it"
"What's interesting is my total conviction that although things are not so great financially right now, they will get better. The getting better might be greatly facilitated by my getting off my ass and finding an additional job - but something (probably irresponsibility) is preventing me from taking that course. Something else seems... pending. I have started writing again suddenly, and it is not just a meandering trickle of over emotionalized clap trap about my hurt feelings or my wounded sense of entitlement. It is ever so much better than that - but I am not ready to share it yet. Soon."
"- a quirky Santa sticker from Irene, made by PSX from the Christmas Follies set. Very similar to Penny Black Stickaroos and a happy and smiley set too - thanks again Irene!"
"“What’s up with the bag?” Damien already dreaded the answer. “I got everything I need in my suitcase.”"
"I bet they were."
"I don’t understand everything about them. Many facts about their lives are forever lost. I don’t need to know everything. I just want to honor them. They contributed to who I am today. Not exclusively, not overwhelmingly, but in some part, in some way, I would not be who I am without them."
"I am glad she’s on my team."
"Recent stumper he asked when I got home: “Daddy, why is there fighting in hockey?”"
"The 28-year-old policeman was taken into custody by the Hawks after he was linked to the crimes, said Lieutenant-Colonel Priscilla Naidu in a statement."
"5. Deadline for this Challenge is 11:59pm PST Tuesday May 31st (giving the West Coast a chance to get there entries in as well)"
"With pencil in hand ready to begin, he thought he had better protect his interests for later that night: “Babe, can I just say before I start that you are a beautiful work of art yourself, and no matter how this turns out, I think you’re gorgeous”"
"Ally Sheedy (Man's Best Friend)"
"1/2 oz - Amarillo (30 min)"
"Let us pray…."
"So I have since been educated and also spent time with the same thing in mind. Needless to say, I was able to write numerous citations for people parking in a handicapped parking spot without the required placard or license plate."
"“I don’t… Bronislav. Are you receiving these images?”"
"Oh, the blessings of being a grandmother! I am thankful for my grandbabies and time I get to spend with them!!! And I am thankful I was able to help Bonnie out today - 'cause that's what Moms are for!!!"
"Eddie Izzard stands out as the peg-legged pirate Long John Silver, but the rest of an excellent cast also makes a distinct personality of each character. Toby Regbo plays young Jim Hawkins, the innkeeper’s son whose discovery of a map sets off a long sea voyage from England to find buried treasure on a tropical Island. Elijah Wood, his enormous eyes painted like a peacock’s, is Ben, a castaway who prefers cheese to pearls and holds the final secret to the treasure."
"like this a little each time due to the fact that both of my birds"
"Every scene in which the character appears is another length of the thread for that character, and for the story to flow, the different pieces of thread had better connect. If they don't, the story can break down."
"Published by: Penguin Books"
"Off to teach Sunday School this morning and then we plan on having a relaxing day as a family. Well..... maybe not all that relaxing as we can get pretty intense when it comes to certain Wii games, but good family fun none-the-less :)"
"She loves nature, does Annalise. She lives it. I have been many incarnations of mommies, in our play, and, when I am not her natural Mommy, I often am asked to adopt her away from a home where she was not being treated well..."
"Blogging - yep I know - you are already so busy how are you ever going to find the time to blog??? But blogging is FREE ADVERTISING for your site and important for ranking well at Google. Search engines index individual pages in their results - use your blog post as an opportunity to rank high in the search engine results for an important search term relevant to your business. It doesn't bring results overnight but the links last forever."
"So here's the latest pic... please excuse the hat and lack of makeup look:"
"These conditions were not present at the Edinburgh Fringe until recently, when ticket prices started exceeding £10 for a one-hour show. With or without reviews, these prices are too high."
"\"I think he's so talented,\" gushes Bush. \"One of the few"
"He said that given the average of 20,000 deaths and the third Q3 2011 roll showing an unusual spike in police and armed forces enrolment to 9,000, this could add another 30,000 to 50,000 dubious names."
"Anyhoo... after a month of working with these young women I have discovered that I'm not only an old farty-fart who is out of touch with popular culture, I'm also a workaholic crank with a sour disposition and little patience for trifflin' bullshit. Yeah. It's a revelation."
"GET TO KNOW MITT ROMNEY if you are a Christian…"
"Also, like people who tell you about their abusive alcoholic father the first 30 seconds after you’ve met them, they likely will keep this trend of rudely dumping too much personal information. When the protagonist begins with all this thinking and more thinking…and more thinking, it is probably a bad sign for the future. Just sayin’."
"Daniel Wong and his buddies were celebrating 4/20 at the house of a friend when the feds showed up and busted them, took them into custody, and confiscated lots and lots of drugs (shrooms, ecstasy, pot, and a white powdery hallucinogenic substance) and several weapons (a Russian rifle, handguns, a plethora of ammunition). Well, that’s the first brow-raiser, there; perhaps those guns were legal and registered, but I always find people who insist on owning lots of weapons bizarre– people who insist on using drugs and owning lots of weapons are even more so."
"Que copado = awesome! lucky! nice, cool!"
"At home I plunged it into a deep bath of cool water so that it could revive. It wilts fast in the sun. After a few hours it had plumped back up again."
"I apologise for writing in English, but the case of the mother Habiba who has been forcibly separated from her daughter has been brought to our attention and we wish to bring the following information to your attnetion and call for a review of the case as a matter of urgency."
"1/2 lb. Maltodextrin"
"I also want to mention the opening act, Graffiti 6. I had never heard them before (my kids had) although I had heard of them, and I absolutely fell in love. The lead singer’s voice had such wonderful purity and clarity, and his falsetto was amazing. The group’s harmonies was beautiful, and their songs were addictive and fun. My daughter bought the CD and got the lead singer’s autograph in the break between sets. And as she confirmed after she met him, “He’s British, which just automatically makes him cooler.”"
"Rick Santorum – Two words can describe Santorum’s performance: annoyed and annoying. He was annoyed that he is not taken seriously and was annoying when he tried to out-Christian, out-hawk the other candidates. He was completely disrespectful to both Paul and Bachmann."
"NEWS FLASH: Life is not perfect. Sometimes things to wrong. When they’re not too terrible, could we please stop acting as if they are? And when they aren’t anyone’s fault, can we please stop pointing fingers? And, by the by, when there’s no one else to blame, can we please stop blaming parents? — L."
"State: Headache, need more beer."
"The kids actually got me and the hubby a 32\" flat screen tv and my hubby got me the cricut expression. I also received some small little items, lotions, scrapbook stickers etc."
"Torn up,"
"He is getting better and hope the kids get over their lesser symptoms of the same thing soon. Two of them had Strep as well. Sigh!"
"stood and considered, rolled again."
"Alan Estes - Vibes"
"it weights around 122g."
"Introducing: New Authors"
"More importantly, the ways we process larger-scale musical events - such as phrase repetition and developments, modulations and unexpected turns - all rely on activity in the same part of the brain we use for decoding syntax in ordinary language. It remains unclear what, if anything, is being communicated, but the old adage that music is a universal language is nonetheless shown to have some grounding in scientific fact."
"Here are my answers to the Sunshine Award questions."
"The movie’s theme song, “Chiku Chiku Mushi“, will be provided by former football player and singer Ishida Mihoko. In July, pictures taken by the cast will be displayed in a photo exhibition."
"A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger."
"Thank you Sheila for all you do for my son, Wind."
"“It means he is happy being a chameleon, like you’re happy being a boy named Sam.”"
"particularly with our dog, Tika."
"I scheduled a fitting in their NYC showroom in Soho last Friday. If you can get down there, I urge you to schedule an appointment in their showroom to see the glasses in person. You'll be walking right into their work space and they've done such a great job merchandising the glasses. There are cute vignettes of vintage mirrors, old books, shadow boxes, and trays that house individual pairs of glasses."
"Knowing you have a natural gift and talent with words and only wanting to reach out to the masses."
"American History X"
"The Plimsouls embodied rock & roll in its purest, undistilled form in the era when post-punk droned and new wave popped. Whether on record or onstage, this foursome unleashed urgent, white-hot performances of expertly constructed songs by frontman Peter Case that effortlessly straddled the perfection of British Invasion pop, the raucous, edgier side of early punk and garage rock, and the foundational elements of maximum R&B and wailing soul."
"Today’s post is an extension of several topics I’ve talked about over the past week. Yesterday, I asked the question, “What is your personal greatness? My personal greatness emerges when my inner gifts are honored and grown and applied to something that really matters."
"I’m sorry, my columns normally come out on a Saturday, things just kept coming up, I really did keep meaning to get around to it… Some unknown smart aleck once remarked, “Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday”. That line must be one of the most insightful drolls in human history. Some of our race’s greatest works of literature were written about procrastination, or at least they would have been if someone had ever gotten around to writing them."
"Let us all join in this united legion, in this tsunami of change. Yes, it is the universal law, but let us also say, change does not equal chaos. It does not need to. It does need to result in you feeling displaced. Lift it up and put in a better place — yes, that is important for all of you — but not displaced, and certainly never endangered. The Mother’s plan of unfoldment does not include endangering those she cherishes."
"Your hair is dark as jet."
"Sort of the final nail in the coffin of my upbringing, that Republican bit there."
"Lt. Michael Esposito, 41, New York, N.Y."
"Then why, with so many people suffering 'severe hunger' (including some 14-million inside SA itself at last count) – is the South Africa regime so very stupidly killing off its best food-producing farmers and turning all the farm-land into totally unproductive, State owned wasteland?"
"- Maybe she’s a pick pocket?"
"I actually hated to leave so soon, but I had promised that I would be at the TNT meeting, where we are going to discuss ways of recruiting more people to run, walk, cycle, and \"tri\" for a cure in today's continuing shaky economy, and how to make their experience better and more meaningful. So off I went! But you will see some more in the coming days about more of the creatures I saw on my all-too-short after work hike."
"Bible already says, “Only a fool would say ‘There is no God’…” (Psalm 53:1"
"Avoid an unexpected wake-up call by checking on your progress more often than not… And when better than around New Year’s? Be open to new ideas or even complete revisions – goals should be tailored to fit your lifestyle which is apt to change on a regular basis. Once you get the hang of checking in regularly, the fun really begins… With two of you, you have an advantage against most by doubling your efforts to save time and money – who’d have thought that!?"
"Now, there can be no good reason for Cambridgeshire Traffic Police to be calling me, so what was my reaction? I have no idea why but I said, very brightly \"Oh, hello!\" as though I had entered a competition to win a million pounds and this was the organisers calling to tell me I had won. Anyway, I flew straight down (luckily I was in time to get a flight that evening (and huge thanks go to the very kind man in the boarding queue who overheard my half a very tearful phone conversation and offered to drive me from Stanstead Airport to Cambridge)) and got in to Cambridge just before midnight. It was a horrible night. However...things are so much better now."
"Even in the field, Wei tried to adhere to the same night-time routine. In fact, it was this routine, he felt, that helped him sleep so well on a regular basis. Many of his counterparts struggled with sleep. They tossed and turned thinking about the battles they had lost … and those they had won. They stared at the ceiling counting the men who had died under their command and remembering their faces."
"Very affordable, long lasting and fits most walkers. These glide smoothly over most surfaces, including grass and cement. It will fit any 1 1/8” walker tubing. Please check it out at our site. Click here to view. To install you need to remove either the tennis balls or rubber tips from the rear legs of your walker. Now insert the glides into each of the legs with the raised lip on the glide facing to the front of the walker. Make sure each glide fits securely into place and use a screwdriver to tighten the screw on the bottom of each glide by turning it clockwise."
"Sports science graduate Holly Greene said: “People will assume that just because something is legal and available over the counter that it’s safe for everyone. These pro-hormone supplements convert into testosterone in the body which encourages the muscles to grow but these artificially high hormone levels tell the bones to stop growing.”"
"Low plank obliques: 36"
"5. In Sauce pan, boil balsamic vinegar and sugar once and then simmer on medium heat until it is reduced by half and thickened."
"Nevertheless, the failure that Neels Jackson is, explains further that four months of military training made him aggressive towards his wife. How utterly pathetic to use the excuse of military training for your own personal failure as a human being. He is probably still an alcoholic and wife beater today and still blames Apartheid or his military training for it. I would like to interview his wife and family to find out how he behaves behind closed doors."
"I’m not going to claim that Highlander is a flawless show, or one without many problems, but it is a really good fantasy show. Based on the fairly awful movies that were not executed well but had a cool premise, Highlander is the tale of Duncan McCloud, an immortal. He’s been around for a long, long time so the shows strengths is combining present day action with flashbacks to time periods in history. I love the flashback stuff, especially when it goes throughout history. The stories that are available are limitless and provide great opportunity to highlight interesting backdrops for a good story. Its the same reason why Dr. Who is ten times more fun when it goes back to historical England versus modern day London. The other component that is awesome about this show is that their can be only one. So that means all alliances are temporary and all immortals are constantly trying to kill each other. How they do this is by chopping off another immortals head and gaining his power through a lightning infused process called the quickening. Whenever a show ends with a beheading you can bet that it is going to be one I’m on board with."
"4. Doctor 7"
"There's so much more to Fracture than Delaney's recovery from her near death experience; we learn about her family and their history, her friends (and frenemies, naturally) and Decker, her best friend and neighbour. Let me just get this out of my system - I bloody love Decker. I tend not to get too many literary crushes from supernatural novels, as I find most of the heroes to be completely one-dimensional but Decker is an awesome, awesome character. I love that he's flawed and a little unconfident, unsure of anything except for his solid friendship with Delaney. Love him."
"and while things are not 110% certain,"
"Hi Everyone!! Here in Australia it is the end of the school year! My boys have now finished Grade 4 and Grade 1 and what a hectic few weeks it has been! I apologise for the lack of blogging, I've just been too exhausted to keep up with it all of late. I do however have a couple of journals to show! Each year I give covered notebooks to each of the teachers and aids (which this year came to a total of 6!) and although I'm not going to show them all, I thought I would show you a couple! ;) This one went to the Grade 1 teacher (who my eldest son also had a few years ago!) and I know she loves pinks and greens."
"And finally, if all the slots get claimed, I'll throw in another box:"
"I think so!"
"Honorable Mentions: Angel Robles, Oscar Animas, Eduardo Gomez, Givanny Perez, Ralphy Gomez, Justin Santiago, Raquawn Tillman, and Devin Santiago"
"In my mouth, my tongue I am biting -"
"Sift the flour, baking powder and salt into a second large bowl and make a well in the center. Pour the pumpkin mixture into the well and stir all together with a wooden spoon until smooth."
"Baby Don't Tear My Clothes by The Raunch Hands"
"The Riftwar Saga was my first foray into fantasy and while I’ve read many others, the characters stay with me still, and I still get teary-eyed when a favourite character dies even though I’ve read the books enough times to quote not just lines but whole paragraphs."
"he just looks like he is sleeping."
"OBSTACLES: Alien invasion movies have been extremely low in quality and box office performance of late."
"So often I remind myself"
"and the disjointing Angela of Foligno experiences when God withdraws from her at Assisi and in a vision of the Crucifixion: “The bones and sinews of his most holy body seemed completely torn out of their natural position; and yet his skin was not broken . . . At the sight of the dislocated limbs and the painful distension of the sinews, she felt herself pierced through even more than she had been at the sight of the open wounds. For the former granted her a deeper"
"Putting the trip in Biblical terms – Passover remembers the time when the Jewish people, left Egypt to escape persecution from the Pharaoh. We left in a hurry when Pharaoh agreed to let our people go. We crossed the desert, where Moses parted the Red Sea, so we could head towards the promised land. Now that you’ve got the spirit . . . Annie and I left Houston on a Monday with our diesel powered truck pulling our Airstream across the United States. The first night, we reached TexArkana, TX, and stopped at the KOA. As things go, our site number, where we parked our trailer was B17 (dad was a gunner on a B17 in World War II). Then we went out to dinner to a Japanese restaurant, and the bill was the same number as our home address! There are no coincidences in life!"
"I studied really hard during my days as a student. I was the class president in elementary school and vice-chairman of the student body. I was also vice-chairman in junior high school but I stopped after I got cast in the company because it felt too pressuring. I didn’t rely on earning votes through my looks or anything. I think they voted for me because I was a model student, haha."
"Positives: Most people value loyalty as a character trait. As such, a character who espouses this value will gain respect from the reader. Loyalty will lead people to do things they normally wouldn't do, and provides a means through which to advance your plot. The beauty of loyalty as a trait is that it can be paired with so many other qualities, giving you an endless array of choices for your loyal character (the wise or foolish Loyal, the proud or humble Loyal, the miserable or happy-go-lucky Loyal)"
"Worse for Chen is his uncomfortable and embarrassing opposition to China’s population control agenda, a policy supported by the Obama administration and in particular the State Department, which is spendingtens of billions of dollars on such programs worldwide. Although the administration gives lip-service against coercive abortion and sterilization, it is simultaneously helping to finance the Chinese population control machine with tens of millions of dollars in subsidies to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), which helps to administer China’s brutal one-child policy."
"Narrative of the former boss of the company that controls gas about the terrible explosion on the pipeline near Voroshilovgrad. The explosion occurred beside a railway track, as a result of the action of high temperatures the rails changed from a solid state to a liquid one, and just then a train came along, the driver managed to brake, and if he had not managed then people would have perished, but fortunately nobody perished because the driver managed to brake and if he hadn’t managed to break then people would certainly have perished, and not just people, but children, the train was full of children who they were taking from the south to somewhere in the north, the children had been on a holiday in the south and they were going to their permanent location, and then there was such a terrible accident, a good thing that no-one was hurt, that the driver managed to brake."
"Well, wish me luck."
"A few years ago I bought a wall hanging at Kirkland's but it was one of those pieces that I could never find the right place for so I never hung it. When my son moved out and I redecorated his room, it got \"stuck\" in there."
"Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Florida, whose state is embroiled in discussions about race after the death of teenager Trayvon Martin, didn’t have an answer when asked about the lack of diversity."
"We are scheduled to have our big ultrasound on November 10th. At this point, we could find out if we decided not to let it be a surprise. We still haven't really made a decision yet. I'm just looking forward to being able to see how much our baby has grown!"
"Where once we saw as souls await"
"After watching Tree of Life I was a little depressed but honestly I’m not sure why. The movie doesn’t have a traditional story and leaves everything up to the audience. It’s a hard movie to get into, and I understand that this isn’t for everybody, but I still thought visually the movie was spectacular and it’s one of the reasons why I still go to the cinema. So even though I left on a slightly depressed note I still loved the movie. This is visual poetry, it’s a movie that refreshes me from all the drivel that gets put out, and I hope Terrence Malick makes more movies like this."
"Not fair really. I have to stay a mom forever but they didn’t stay children."
"Spoon into muffin pans and cook at 190 C for 15-20 minutes (my smaller ones took 15 mins, and the bigger ones took 20 mins)."
"I appreciate your good-natured approach to this incident, and I thank you again for taking the time to provide us with your wonderfully written feedback."
"9. Major Expansion of Support for Community Ownership"
"Just showing the revamped classes with some cute monsters :). And no, I’m not playing on Bera, it was just selected when I took the picture."
"In Nigeria, spills are weekly events."
"Onions 1/2 cup finely chopped"
"2. The internal Lebanese conflict: Since its inception as a nation-state, Lebanon has consistently been plagued by sectarian violence, as the seventeen-odd communities within it vie for autonomy and autocracy. Despite the greatest hopes of the international community, the Lebanese government has historically failed to meet one certain expectation: the ability to wield centralized control of the country and to impliment policy. In the fifties, Christians and Muslims bloodied each other in the streets. In the seventies, with the addition of the Palestinian factor (most importantly, the P.L.O. - for more, click here), Lebanon dissolved into clannish factions each with its own armed militia and each providing its community with largely autonomous public works. Following the Israeli invasion of 1982, and the assassination of Bashar Gemayel, the government of Beirut was effectively held hostage by it's larger neighbour, Syria."
"I just finished teaching a series of training classes in eastern Canada and was thoroughly impressed by the eagerness that greeted me. The training sessions were scheduled each day, four days straight and two sessions per day. Now when a company books the same class with two sessions per day, many times it means that they have some contractors who want daytime sessions and some that want evening sessions, or they want to send half of their crew to each. The end result is often two sessions that are not well attended. To compound this, the first three sessions were all within a 40 minute drive of each other meaning attendance can be even lower because there are many other options nearby."
"Conditions can make you cool"
"The Seventh Sign is the first of a handful of late ‘80’s-early ‘90’s films that were popular with customers back in the days when my mother owned a video store. I do not recall this one ever being considering a classic among renters aside from the Demi moore nude scene. I have never been a big Moore fan, but after having seen her naked numerous times before watching this film for the first time, I am not hugely impressed by her early skin exposure. It does not elevate the film any."
"A mother’s arms are made of tenderness and children sleep"
"He sighed. His face looked grim. ‘All the time.’ He wrapped his hand around my shoulder and steered me away, past the sinkhole."
"Based at Whittlesford near Cambridge in the UK, Crystal Vision provides digital keyers, picture storage modules and a full range of interface equipment including converters, synchronisers, distribution amplifiers and audio embedders to the professional broadcasting industry worldwide."
"The consequence I came up with for Gil's recent behavior is a 7 o'clock bedtime. Did I mention he does not like that? At all? At first I wasn't going to let him read in bed, but it's pretty hard to declare LIGHTS OUT! when, well, it's still light out."
"National Eggs Benedict Day will be celebrated on April 16th this year . In honor of this classic I decide to make this delicious breakfast dish for our supper tonight. Lightly toasted English muffins, Canadian bacon and poached eggs all topped off with a creamy smooth, buttery Hollandaise Sauce. From start to finish this dish is simple and quick. It is basically an assembled dish with the Hollandaise Sauce being the only thing that took a few minutes. I used Ina Garten's recipe for the creamy sauce and as usual her recipe did not let me down."
"Mijnbestseller is at a very early stage of its evolution, but where many other services use social networking as a tool, Mijnbestseller is using it as a fundamental part of the development strategy. Much in the way that we are seeing the big publishers launch digital platforms – be it for their own self-publishing imprints, or as a marketing strategy to allow authors to connect (re-connect) with readers."
"At least I was able to get all the measurements I needed to start settling on how the new space with be laid out. Rearranging all those little (to scale) furniture pieces was quite satisfying. Though I'm sure not as satisfying as it will be to finally be in the space."
"Conduit Closing"
"One may ask, what then is the psyops in this? The answer should be evident if you can understand the conservative nature and pride of the white farmer. Just like music, pictures too can be used as a psychological medium to influence the consciousness of the masses. Advertising mediums do it all the time!"
"My main thought is.....'does anyone ever actually BUY from these people?'......when you can't even understand what they want......how can you make a legitimate purchase?"
"Urban Dance Squad Deeper shade of soul NL"
"Kellogg’s Special K Protein Shake 4pk or bar 6pk 2/$12"
"another earthworm"
"It is different now. Immigration directly affects people in areas from Southern England to the north of Scotland in a way that it never did thirty years ago. An indirect effect of the new Tory government will be to galvanise a nationalist movement. The middle-aged and older, comfortably-off, disproportionately concentrated in the Home Counties may have to face reality now gypsies have preferential treatment over land in their areas and realise that a Tory-led government will also be biased against them whatever they say; radical imams are too threatening or taxes too high."
"PAXMAN: Psty pasty pasty. Ambient temperature? Pasty pasty pasty microwave oven pasty pasty leave the door pasty pasty pasty?"
"All living things absorb carbon-14 – a radioactive form of carbon – from the atmosphere. It can be measured using a Geiger counter. When an organism dies, carbon-12 remains stable while the unstable carbon-14 isotope begins to decay at a known rate."
"Purpose: Programming behavior, creation of “Cyborg” mentalities"
"Large scale black and white nudes and ambiguous scenes share the wall next to pop culture pieces of detailed stylings as women strike a pose for Newton in his delivery of the female as a force of nature. The powerhouse collection, including some photos never previously exhibited, further affirm Newton’s clutch in fashion photography which continues to be revisited throughout gloss today. The German born Helmut Newton remains a fashion sensation artistically and culturally, as a pillar for magnetic glamour visuals from its birth in the mid 20th-Century through today. In every major publication from from Elle, Vogue, Playboy (the overwhelming list goes on), the work of Helmut Newton stand alone, and stands tall as a major force in the fashion industry from the onset of his career until his death in 2004. The collection is on display through June 17, at the Grand Palais in Paris."
"Yesterday, I met Tricia Foley for lunch and then we went to Lincoln Center to see the production of War Horse. I can't remember the last time a production so engrossed me. The play, which originated at the National Theater in London, won the TONY for best play of the year--and I don't think anyone could disagree. I am not a theater critic, but the sight of these huge puppets manipulated at times by three and four people, was awesome. The story is about the horses that served in the First World War--some bought from farmers in England. One such horse was beloved by a lad who gets himself into battle to find him. It is based on a children's novel, so I am sure you can figure out the ending. I did find the aspects of war upsetting--but then they should be, shouldn't they? This is not a play where you leave the theater tapping your foot or humming. It is a story that stays in the veins."
"I remember one lady I worked with that looked like a Barbie doll. She was so pretty, had a nice figure and had a wonderful and kind personality."
"The Critics’ Choice Television Awards will honor programs and performances that aired between June 1, 2011 and May 31, 2012 in the following categories:"
"Clarke"
"Be prepared for an enormous amount of fun in this book. Bob Ley, Bill Simmons, Tony Kornheiser, Chris Berman, and on and on and on—these are just remarkably funny and interesting people. There are literally hundreds of “cocktail party stories” to re-tell in this book, complete with clever observations, raunchy humor, and the cynicism you would expect in any modern newsroom. I laughed out loud several times while reading this, and I was also pleased that it reminded me of so many legendary sports moments. Case in point, the retelling of Berman’s decision to go silent for 22 minutes after Cal Ripken, Jr. broke the streak. Brilliant. The book is attentive to the high points of the network: Jimmy Valvano’s speech at the ESPYs and the thoughtful reporting around the Atlanta Olympics bombing; and the low points: LeBron’s “Decision” and Rush Limbaugh’s stint on NFL Primetime."
"The cookies are done – chocolate chip with walnuts and raisins, oatmeal with chocolate chips, walnuts and raisins, and chocolate chip with black walnuts. We’ve got about 5 dozen of each. That will add to the Christmas baskets. I have peanut butter balls done…and Angie did some pretzel rods for me. So now it’s on to the pretzels, more pretzel rods, peanuts, raisins and mixed nuts – all dipped or drizzled in almond bark. I made a double batch of fudge yesterday – I have more to make – some will be Angie’s. And I have the cheese logs to make before Saturday. Busy week! Tonight we’re going to dinner at Olive Garden – Angie’s birthday."
"This essay describes the crises of womanhood in the context of Little Women, while confronting their seeming contradictions, and seeking to show that there does not always have to be an either/or solution. Some women were able to find a good balance between their own identity and family life; others found them incompatible. The later sought an escape route on the road to personal fulfillment, much like the character of Jo in Little Women; while the former found a merging of the two roads, like the personality of Marmee. Little Women helps us to see the patience and faithfulness of these women, but also shows us their steadfast determination when they feel they have something to say or contribute to their world."
"Eloise is cooing quite a bit and has almost mastered rolling onto her tummy."
"Whathappened?"
"I know I did."
"The two types of exercise differ by the duration and intensity of muscular contractions involved, as well as by how energy is generated within the muscle."
"“You want poor people to die from lack of health care because they can’t pay for it.”"
"But it did make me start thinking about trading up my old clodhoppers and possibly going to see a professional about my leg pain."
"Playing with these fine paper crafting parties:"
"Thus are we wholly stripped of pride 70"
"God roars through His Prophets… out of Zion (the Church)… God speaks through men… Amos was a layman… He could speak honestly and forcefully about what God was saying. If he had been a theologian, God would have by-passed him. Why… because he would have relied on his own wisdom and his own opinions. God is going to roar through men and women like Amos… the layman… our nation’s leaders are not listening to the preachers today. Just wait… The laymen are coming who will speak like Stephen, and the politicians will not be able to resist the Holy Ghost that is in them. Today, people prophesy in the churches the word that they should be prophesying on the Capitol steps. Believers are hearing what God is saying, but the politicians are not. The politicians are not in the church. The prophets are prophesying in the wrong places. They need to testify"
"Southern Tier Harvest \"IPA\""
"The prevailing argument on ESPN was that he was betraying Belichick, the man who recommended him for his current job, and saying he personally believes that the Pats’ championships are tainted. The outrage was unbelievable. He specifically said “whether those things had any impact on whether they won…or not.” He didn’t say they won by cheating. He was merely pointing out that the widespread perception is that the championships are tainted, justified or not. Harbaugh later released a statement saying as much, noting that he firmly believes the Patriots earned their rings and professing his undying respect for Coach Belichick. Leave it to Sportscenter to blow it way out of proportion."
"I'm off to experience Friday (and this beautiful March weather)! I pray you have a joy-filled Friday too!"
"Wohlstetter then became intrigued by the many issues involved in providing airbases for Strategic Air Command (SAC) bombers, the country’s primary retaliatory force in case of nuclear attack by the Soviet Union. What he came up with was a comprehensive and theoretically sophisticated basing study. It ran directly counter to the ideas of General Curtis LeMay, then the head of SAC, who, in 1945, had encouraged the creation of RAND and was often spoken of as its “Godfather.”"
"+That night I volunteered for a new swimsuit designer from Brazil, A.Z. Araujo. This was in a studio in Chelsea and I did a lot of the same work as the previous show. Since I was also seating people, I got to network and then watch the show, and let me tell you, no one could hate gorgeous male models in speedos."
"WnW Craze Nocturnal"
"beginning, “start-up” phase and having the product finished and ready for"
"Original Air Date: Apr 2, 2012"
"As in the words of humanity’s Rosthschild malignancy: “We own you. We will take everything.”"
"To my friends and family who love me, I am known as a passer-outer. I'm not proud of it. It is, as they say, what it is. I faint when I get scared because I breath-hold or over-breathe and end up with what's known as a vasovagal response. (I know it's wikipedia, but trust me, it's close enough)."
"Job description: …Experience with client-server database-driven applications using Oracle or equivalent RDBMS. – Experience with Agile/Scrum Software and Test Driven Development methodologies. – Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science with a Master’s degree preferred."
"Genres : Mystery, Thriller"
"Then once you’re fixed in hope and truth as on this rock you’re firm,"
"I had to keep flicking away to a sub-titled Mongolian movie (true … and which was far, far superior)."
"in a pot on the stove & set it on low for about 30 to 45 minutes while I cleaned my house!"
"and the United States in order to look for a solution."
"Set the map ID and X/Y coordinates of for the map that will serve as the"
"In the last five years, investigators found, BP has admitted to breaking U.S. environmental and safety laws and committing outright fraud. BP paid $373 million in fines to avoid prosecution."
"And for today, I am grateful for Campbell's chicken and noodle soup!"
"If you decide to jump into the social media world, make sure first to develop a strategy."
"I kept moving, mentally and physically. At some point I asked myself what it was that I was running away from? I didn’t find a decent answer."
"Arms: GOD LOVES A TRIER"
"Headline of the Week"
"For those of you who’ve already helped me out with new beers, Kev, Frank, Martin, Molly, Big D, and my folks. THANK YOU so much for helping me so far. A big extra special thanks to daDef for being my Victorian Gopher (not as dignified as Senior VP of Leapbeer Acquisitions but I think it sounds better)"
"At this point I was wishing I knew how to use the video on my camera, the birds were singing away and were wonderful to listen to. Please use your imagination when looking at the photos below and listen to the bird song."
"Our mini sculptures are also double glazed in diamond gloss for extra protection. Last year, I was using a mix of matte and gloss, but I found people preferred shiny so...shiny it is! And I do like the gloss, I think it gives our charms a cleaner and brighter look."
"Years after"
"This post is intended as a lament of sorts, a lament for something in the culture that is dying and may never been seen again."
"That's existing."
"Q-DAY"
"It would make the fact that I lost my job and that my house is in foreclosure so much more bearable to know that a giant bank is feeling better now."
"Take flight depicts a bird escaping from a cage and surrounded by butterflies."
"Charles Darwin was not as enamored with them as my son was."
"It was spring of 1958, and although the weather was warming up, it was a sad season for Brooklyn — the first without its beloved Dodgers, who had decamped for Los Angeles the year before (the same year the New York Giants baseball team left for San Fran)."
"We have, for a while now, been very relaxed when it comes to laying down the rules of the challenge ie use a specified sentiment - yep, even some of us DT members are relaxed about it too!!!...in fairness (and so that the DT still talk to me!) some of us did include the sentiment on the inside of our cards! - but from the NEXT challenge we will be looking for the specified sentiment to appear on your projects. Of course, if no sentiment is specified - then its just the theme!"
"-You don't even carry a purse because the diaper bag has everything you need"
"There were two bikes that fit my requirements -- a comfy seat and foot brakes. The first one was white, and when I took it for a spin around the aisles it felt too flimsy. I wasn't crazy about the white seat either which would get dirty in the shop, and wasn't as cushy as I hoped. Then I saw another one, way, way up on the rack. It looked way cooler. It had fenders, a back thingamajig to put things on, a leather pouch, drink holder and even a bottle opener on the side of the front wheel. Who could ask for anything more? Although I think bottle caps are no longer even being made, but hey let's keep it vintage, shall we?"
"Makes 8 large muffins or 16 small muffins."
"It was getting onto midnight, and I was driving at break neck speed following a white line gleaming in the darkness. I was tailing a motorcycle and it left a white line from the tires running over concrete powder. There were only three problems: One, the white line was getting thinner and weaker, two, I had just stolen a police car, and; three, I was driving well above the speed limit, and I never drove a car before. All I could do was try to imitate the way cabbies drove whenever I rode them."
"In Nature’s green Cathedral I found a mighty rock’s knee"
"It normally happens around my birthday. I take this time to realize, A) I’m getting older and closer to death B) I’ve achieved some of my goals I set out for myself as a naïve 18 year old man C) I need to redefine my goals and ambitions."
"In a recent debate I was told that Jesus never said, “I am God worship me”. At that time I did not answer with the above verses but now I think I should have. The reason is that in these verses Jesus proclaims his divinity and that all people will worship him."
"Colorist: ME.... Jennie Black"
"This is one of those for me."
"meandering hike"
"Unfortunately, they approached a cliff. Left with no choice, Lee Gak prompts his horse to jump to the opposite cliff and his men followed his lead."
"A high school student, William Swinimer, is now suspended from his school in Nova Scotia for wearing a t-shirt with the words ‘Life is wasted without Jesus’, the CBC reports. Some people apparently find that offensive. The CBC quotes the school board’s superintendent as saying that ”[w]hen one is able or others are able to interpret it as, ‘If you don’t share my belief then your life is wasted,’ that can be interpreted by some as being inappropriate.” The authorities are now apparently trying to find a “compromise” of some sort. In the meantime, the politicians have jumped, with the education Minister supporting the school board, and the opposition critical."
"We have a great fun theme for you this fortnight, and that is paper piecing!!! If you are not sure what paper piecing is or how to do it you can check out Kylie's tutorial on the Whiff of Joy Inspiration's blog here!!"
"just one"
"Still, there’s more going on here than simple manipulation from the top down. Within an imperial system, different nations and population groups are always competing against one another for a larger share of the wealth and privilege that empires make available. That happens on the scale of nations, for example, when a subject nation in a strategic location becomes an ally, or when an ally—as America did in 1945—supplants the former imperial center and takes the empire for its own. That also happens on the scale of populations, and on smaller scales still."
"The Twitter feed of editor Tamika Smith provides similar links to new stories, but to her credit she will occasionally use Twitter to provide additional information on breaking news or to solicit ideas from her followers. The best example of her effective use of Twitter was early in the history of Silver Spring Patch, when the Discovery building hostage crisis played out over the afternoon of September 1st:"
"where do i go from here?… im not talking about where do i go iva a building.. but where do i go via my relationship with God…. he has always had me as an unusal daughter of the Kingdom! ."
"Most of them say “Hello!” as if they were practicing their English. And some of them would continue their conversations to “Where from?”"
"This is the usual routine for nights like these. She helps take his mind off the previous events. Usually she starts with a cheesy joke to break the ever growing silence as he drives. Then goes on to talk about something, anything, but the fight. Eventually he loosens up and they talk for hours, parked in some random parking lot, the local park, or anywhere but home. They tell of past days as kids, present times in school or with other friends, and dream about the future. In the talking and joking and laughing the fighting is put to the back of both their minds and they head back. Arriving home when all the lights are out, not a sound is heard, and everyone is deep in sleep. They part their ways with a simple “goodnight” and “see you tomorrow” just like always."
"L: I don’t wanna. It looks like guts."
"With lots and lots of love and gratitude"
"Art therapy is a mental health profession that uses the creative process of art making to improve and enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of individuals of all ages. It is based on the belief that the creative process involved in artistic self-expression helps people to resolve conflicts and problems, develop interpersonal skills, manage behaviour, reduce stress, increase self-esteem and self-awareness, and achieve insight. Art therapy integrates the fields of human development, visual art (drawing, painting, sculpture, and other art forms), and the creative process with models of counseling and psychotherapy."
"RECURRING DREAMS November 18 2011"
"1 usefulness"
"Well here it is folks, our \"How we met\" story, just for you in lieu of our 1st wedding anniversary Monday and our second anniversary period."
"I am challenging myself this holiday season to make (and post!) at least one project every day from now until Christmas- that's going to be a bit of a hat trick for me since I will be working in the NICU the last two weeks of December, but I'm going to give it a shot!"
"2 simple"
"Christine Brooks, a friend of seven years who served as officiant at the couple’s wedding at Quail Hollow Ranch, said Collins was “the most honest person I’ve ever known in my entire life.” The couple marked their fourth anniversary on May 3."
"The good news was that I’m changing the site and my plan was to actually have the appearance changed by Wednesday and to redo the intro and everything else for that matter. However, with falling sick, I completely forgot to update my blog and all of you with the details."
"When I’m sixty-four!"
"It is very difficult to imagine that in a group of pupils sitting for grade 7 Zimsec exams, the outcome produces a 100% failure or perhaps you would rather have me say a 0% pass rate? This is serious in the sense that it is unbelievable to imagine that a whole community has failures at grade 7 continuously for years. What it means is that a whole generation has been condemned to failure and this has repercussions for the community."
"Which character interested you the most?"
"squint face"
"Just so I can get home and out of the old creaky building"
"As I've made abundantly clear, Dave already has a lot on his plate. With so many problems to address, I might not blame him if dealing with radical Islam isn't at the top of his to do list. It should be, but if everyone acknowledged the threat then there would be little need for the EDL. However, there is one thing he can do, one gesture he could make which we would demonstrate that he wishes to both abandon the personal attacks and purposeful misrepresentation that have plagued politics, as well demonstrating that he takes seriously the genuine dangers of Islamic extremism, radicalisation, fundamentalism, and Islamic Supremacism. He needs simply to denounce the one organisation that typifies the negative politics of the past: Unite Against Fascism (UAF)."
"B. A Denial Of The Imminency Of The Return Of Christ"
"Well I am happy to report that it exceeded all of my expectations and then some. The close to one hour-long movie created around the classic song “I only have eyes for you” . Wikipedia tells us that ”I Only Have Eyes for You” is a popular song by composer Harry Warren and lyricist Al Dubin, written in 1934 for the film Dames where it was introduced by Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler. Although I knew the song I did not realize that it is that old and always thought that it was from the 50′s. It just goes to show you how little I know. But lets get back to the Hirshhorn."
"I have been a busy albeit injured Santa's helper! Apparently, yellow jackets have nests in the ground (who knew) and do not like it when you pull weeds and trim bushes around their nests...I'm just sayin...someone could win some money from the scene in my flower beds...flailing arms, tripping over light post, landing on rear end on sidewalk...numerous stings later...I am on antibiotics, steroids and anti don't scratch yourself to death medicine. I don't know whether to lie down and go to sleep or run around the block ten times!"
"In the giving of rings"
"Stitches:"
"My daughter Victoria's first attempt on making cupcakes :) She watched the lovely cupcake-tutorial made by Christel, and used Christel's molds to make her own cupcakes!! It was quite easy, and Victoria did not even have all of the equipment required for making them.... I think she did a great job:)"
"Which is why the Twitspams I've been receiving for the past couple of weeks really stand out like a sore whatever (here's an example). They're all the same: an obviously fake sender name, the words \"Writers Needed,\" a link, and a list of recipients. I've been reporting and blocking them, but when I checked my Twitterfeed today and found six of them, all sent within a few minutes of one another, I got curious, and clicked the link."
"The bug's favorites were Winnie the Pooh (DL) and Little Mermaid (DCA). Ours were probably Tower of Terror and California Screamin' (both at DCA)."
"Hi my name is Chantal Vandenberg, I live in Australia and I am happily married to Jason and we have 2 totally gorgeous girls – Lucy (8) and Heidi (3)."
"_____________________________________________________________"
"Note: I have tagged this outfit “Man” even though Gandalf, of course, does not belong to the Race of Men."
"Which works for a lot of life, doesn't it? Have a good attitude and the tragedies aren't quite so tragic. Of course, there's bad attitude people that show up in your life. Hopefully you can just shut the door and maybe they will go away. Unless you are related to them and then you have to learn to have tolerance, I guess. And bake them there own rhubarb pie."
"\"Probably,\" he laughed. \"What's that noise?\""
"Now comes the fun part: Selling it to our shovel and lime neighbors. Remember the basics:"
"Index on Censorship has condemned the sentence with a spokesman saying, \"This is a new low for freedom of expression in Iran, making any legitimate comment or criticism of politicians impossible.\""
"Possibly one or both of you would have a punishment, ranging from a spanking to being sent to your room. Or perhaps, you would get to do a task, such as washing and scrubbing the floors (that was usually doled out to my sister and me) to cutting the grass (that was usually doled out to my brothers)."
"We decided to eat in the Le Bistrot Pierre rather than the pub area (which offers dishes such as fish and chips, burgers and steak)."
"When I entered the third-class carriage, I found it occupied by a man in a very loose overcoat and very tight trousers - so tight, indeed, as to give the casual observer an impression that they must be unripped at the scam before he could divest himself of that portion of his dress. This idea almost arose to conviction when one looked at his boots, which were the largest, the most creaseless, and more indicative of bunions than any which I ever noticed on the human foot. After these details, I need scarcely add that he was an omnibus driver, and, indeed, one by whose side it had often been my lot to sit when he was professionally employed in Oxford Street."
"As far as family is concerned, I have some regular contact with two cousins, but that's my lot.----"
"As delicious as this popular pie is, it is known for its \"rich\" reputation. It's sweetness can be somewhat overpowering. A lot of the time I struggle just to finish a small piece. So, I decided to make baby banoffees! A crisp buttery base with a gooey caramel filling, sliced banana and fresh whipped cream... all in one bite! Perfect!"
"This week we are back to temperatures in the high 70's, getting up to 80 some days. Good thing I left some summer clothes out for the kids. Our Halloween decorations are out and this weekend we're heading to a farm with some friends and then to a hayride/fall party with Eric's parents."
"2. If your life were made into a movie, who would you cast as yourself? This is a really tough one for me...and although she looks NOTHING like me (the only celebrities I've been told I look like are Idina Menzel and Jennifer Connelly) is Emma Stone. She's funny and quirky and can play a nerd."
"5.) “From the Crusades, to the Inquisition, to American politics--the name of Jesus had been hijacked as an ally in all kinds of power struggles. Since the beginning of time, the ignorant had always screamed the loudest, herding the unsuspecting masses and forcing them to do their bidding. They defended their worldly desires by citing Scripture they did not understand. They celebrated their intolerance as proof of their convictions. Now, after all these years, mankind had finally managed to utterly erode everything that had once been so beautiful about Jesus.” From The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown"
"Farming business WJ Watkins and Son Ltd has been fined £6,000 after an employee, Richard Robinson, fractured his skull after falling from the prong of a forklift truck at an animal feed mill. The company pleaded guilty to breaching Section 2(1) of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 for allowing dangerous working practices."
"Thank you so much for everything, for reading, and following and everything. I will never be able to articulate how much your readership has meant to me."
"In other site news…WE GOT A GOLD STAR! If you happen to notice this giant gold star on our site, The Fangreaders gave it to us, in honor of the fact we help promote their Fanfic Events on our site! Isn’t it lovely with the Sheriff of Area 5 on it? And they personalized it too! We feel very honored by this, as you can imagine! For those of you who love Eric and Sookie fanfics…don’t worry, you’ve come to the right place to keep up on all the latest fanfic news!"
"Skloss found herself wondering if history repeats itself when she unexpectedly became pregnant, her own birth the result of her mother’s unplanned pregnancy 23 years earlier. How had ‘unwed motherhood’ changed over those decades, from 1975, when her mother, from a small town in Texas, was sent away in secret to give birth, to today, when single moms are more prevalent but the rules are still being written?"
"1/2 tsp black pepper"
"Next time David Hughes writes about education, remember what he wrote and see what his real agenda is, which is basically to blame teachers for the nation's ills, even riots."
"5. If you could change one thing about your body what would it be?"
"Our guide took us down into the city and began a very interesting tour of the city that the Spanish conquistadors never found. Most people have seen pictures of Machu Picchu, whether it’s in travel brochures, on TV documentaries, or just from friends who’ve been. Well one thing you don’t get from a 2D image is the ‘how’ and ‘why’ behind it. Call me a geek, but this stuff fascinated me!"
"Callie from Hunted and Collected will be again bringing her eclectic mix of wonderful vintage adornments, which will be uniquely styled with a treasure trove of delightful goodies including vintage mannequins, industrial wood patterns and some lively little air plants - all of which will be available for purchase. Her inspiration for the show will be 'classical opulence' with a shabby twist. From her extensive collection of fabulous vintage jewellery, she will be bringing 1930s celluloid, quirky 1940s figural plastics, 1920s flapper glass beads, as well as her ever popular collection of war era wood and bakelite jewellery, with some lovely sparkly retro delights as well."
"The brutal reappearance of the deadly necklace in recent weeks is something I shall reluctantly focus upon later."
"Wing adjustments are largely affecting medium to fast turn performance, at lower speeds the wings are less influential and the mechanical grip needs to be altered. Since the 1994 ban on active technologies, the drivers have no ability to alter the cars suspension. Before that drivers typically had the option to alter anti roll bar stiffness from levers in the cockpit."
"We went to a smaller venue last night in Burnsville (Burnsville Performing Arts Center) to see the BoDeans. Tammy realized a month after tickets had gone on sale that they would playing but she still managed to get us some not-so-bad seats in the front row of the balcony. I was somewhat disappointed to learn when they took the stage that Sammy Llanas is no longer with them. I had no idea. The band revolves around two main performers, Kurt Neumann and Sammy. It was hard to imagine the band without either of them. Still, Kurt did a nice job of playing mostly some of the band's older tunes but with a couple of more recent ones as well. I've seen them many times in concert and while it was a good show it just simply wasn't the same without Sammy. Hopefully he'll find his way back some day."
"Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak had announced the formation of the bipartisan polls committee in August 2011, after being condemned in the international press for his administration’s clampdown on Bersih’s July 9 rally which drew tens of thousands to the streets of the capital."
"Laura Ellen is a fellow Michigan writer I've had the pleasure of meeting thanks to SCBWI. She is a talented and fascinating individual, but she tells her story better than I do, so you can find out more below. But I did want to say her debut novel, BLIND SPOT, sounds incredible and I can't wait to read it. I hope you'll check it out too."
"The cliff-hangers and plot twists towards the end of the book and the whole crux of the Plague incident had me with my eyes glued to the pages for the last few chapters. What exactly is going on with Godspeed and what is its ultimate mission? I loved how there were plenty of mysteries to be solved-- not just with who the killer was, but basically with the entire ship and its mission. Pieces of the puzzle only came together slowly, which was a *little* frustrating, but it totally kept me on the edge of my seat."
"Accessories: Watercolour pencils, twine from The Twinery, wood button, Cuttlebug embossing folder, Fiskars border punch"
"Ms Suarez has previously told her side of the story, saying she met Huntington and the other men in a local bar and agreed to go back to their hotel."
"The Greystones scores well on having a good beer range and I admit that this was a bit of a quandary. I didn't want to get drunk, but I did want to fit in another pub at least. In the end, I decided to get the bus down to the end of Eccy road and pop in the ex Pomona, now renamed the Ecclesall. At least, that's what I wanted to do.... However, a 35 minute wait for a missing bus meant it was gone half three before I set off so I changed my plans. I decided to get off in town and walk to the Sheffield Tap. Since I had to go to the shops for some booze supplies for the night ahead I thought that if nothing else, I could get some draught beer to take out from there."
"Email them or SMS to inform about payment made. I received their reply soon after and was informed that my orders will be sent on Monday, March 12th 2012. *excited*"
"I have my own donation page, and I'd love it if you could please click the link and donate whatever you can, knowing that you're helping the precious, incredible, strong, and brave young children that are treated in CHEO every single day."
"AT&T—You're what sitting through commercials used to feel like before Netflix and DVRs figured out how to skip commercials all together."
"I know that diamonds"
"Maybe those words were more like an artesian well, deep and full,"
"I've been doing a little of my own thanks giving this week, after all I did celebrate it as a child in Princeton NJ. Being on the constant quest to find 'the perfect balance' in life & despite the list of 50 things to do for the craft fair I took the dog for a walk on Friday inbetween the sleet showers. We woke up to thunder & lightening, quite dramatic still snuggled under the duvet & dark outside. When light eventually came it was that warm yellow gold light of sun filtered thru snow clouds."
"Blogging is great. It's fun, it connects us with fantastic people, it provides a great opportunity for writing practice. And there are very definite rules on doing it well (Catherine Ryan Howard writes brilliantly about this in her book Self-Printed)."
"Meg pelted down the hill and jumped into the boat, tossing me the binoculars even though her hasty entrance had almost knocked me into the water. “You’re the smallest, so you have to watch out while Em and I dig.” She bossed me."
"For more information, email Zedde at f.zedde@gmail.com. Registration begins now. Class sizes are limited."
"I’d like to mention here that I’m not trying to slight the friends who’ve been with me for a while, but because I received these awards during the challenge I thought it was only fair to pass them on to new friends I’ve discovered through the challenge."
"— When your team is defending, try to get players with the Recon class throw around some motion sensors. At the beginning of the round they can help you building your defensive perimeter. As the fight gets down to your camp, throw them around the stations. You will see enemies at your map moving, in the shape or three triangles pointing at the direction they’re moving at. When the enemy has thrown motion sensors, you can notice by a beep sound."
"2 teaspoons butter"
"Cooking soda: 1 tsp"
"SUPER easy!"
"UNC-Charlotte Data Breaches Expose 350,000 Social Security Numbers and Much More – Confidential data, including bank account and Social Security numbers for some 350,000 University of North Carolina-Charlotte students, staff and faculty, were accidentally exposed — some for almost 15 years — due to a system misconfiguration and incorrect access settings that made electronic data publicly available."
"And that's biggest lesson I can offer you: search and research. When I walk into a luxury store, I like to know what I'm getting into."
"THE ULTRAMAN debuts. This is the very first all animated Ultraman series."
"But mostly, game time between Da and Emma is bonding time. For Da, he sometimes has a hard time knowing what to do with Emma, how to connect with her. Games make it so much easier for him."
"But the problem with Ujang was that he was not tall, he was a giant – he suffered from a pituitary tumour that produced abnormal amounts of growth hormone."
"Thus, Things in this Movie that Are Awesome:"
"Remember when I said Ilsa: The Wicked Warden was all about this woman trying to find her missing sister? Yeah, well, it's not about that at all. Okay, maybe it is about that (how the fuck should what things are about). But in my mind, what the film really about is one woman's epic struggle to obtain a clean culo. And besides Greta, who do you think is the one woman at Clinica Las Palomas in a position to demand a pristine culo? Why, it's 10, of course. And who do you suppose she wants to be her primary culo cleaner? You guessed it, she wants 41. Walking up to 41 in the shower, 10 tells her, \"you turn me on,\" and instructs her to wash her back and to scrub her culo. As I watched the suds slowly trickle down the sharply defined contours of her sturdy back, I couldn't help but notice that her culo wasn't being scrubbed at all. An increasingly frustrated 10 catches wind of this as well and yells, \"I told you to scrub my culo!\""
"Now feeling neat."
"But I digress, as I always do, and its time to return to Farmhouse Fare. The book is dated August 1947 – about the same period as The Map That Came to Life. There are some recipes that reveal it was published in the immediate post-war period (mock banana pie, emergency jam etc) but most of the recipes are a delight and have the name of the farmer’s wife or daughter underneath; Caraway Seed Cheese (Miss Nellie Richmond, Yorkshire), Chocolate and Date Baked Pudding (Mrs R Pritchard, Herefordshire) and here is one of our favourite recipes:"
"Everyone is different. This is my opinion. You probably won’t agree with my list. You’ll find movies that you find laughable to be ranked higher than others. You’ll find films omitted that you can’t believe were left out."
"There are, however, some risks. What are the risks and rewards for the expats? The locals? Obviously, the local may be a spy for the ruling elite. It happens, and it's very difficult to prevent. So, there must be some boundaries. The local lawyer, and his or her family, can also be at risk, professionally and personally. The relationship with the expat lawyer brings the local lawyer some significant benefits: income, networking, training, opportunity. But, if the reform fails, the local lawyer may well have sacrificed his future. So, he must also set boundaries, to assure that the voices of the expat and the local are distinct. The expat has the protective umbrella of his home country and a return ticket out of the host country."
"Our intrepid newsteam member Lusanda Bill will be live from 12h00 – 13h00, bringing you some smooth and silky sounds."
"the voynich manuscript appears to be a 240 page handwritten herbal, dating to the 15th century. the dating of the paper and ink are pretty sure-fire. nothing else is."
"I moved on from there, to the fairy's skin. So I looked at the colors I usually use, and decided to go all out with this challenge. I have not used (that I remember) YR0000, 000 as skin colors. So Voila. I used a little BV000 in the shadow. Now - onto her hair. Hmmmmmm.... Of the browns, I KNOW I don't use the E9x series, but I don't have enough of those to work with... Plus the ones I have pretty much would make it look like her skin is peeling off of her head in strips. So that won't work. So I moved to the next least used... E70, 71, 74, 77, 79. I then added a little stardust to some of the strands to make it sparkly. The last two colors I used were for the leaves and stems - BG93 and BG96, and then Y0000 for the background."
"Toast the almonds"
"read from Tesla's autobiography"
"I am today saddened because good friends are moving away from LA again…on Friday. I also learned that another friend will be moving away in June. She is taking some items home during the Christmas Holiday and will complete the school year. She will then move into the home she’s already purchased…in another state."
"Back then - all two and a half years - we had to go to different sites to do a myriad of different things. Not anymore. Like everyone I too have a Facebook page and a Twitter account that are not only all linked, but have are far easier to use on the fly then sitting down and typing out a lengthy blog entry. Who thought so much could be communicated in 140 spaces? Dorsey apparently."
"The taller one out of the two screwed me. He was wearing a bright gold necklace that rocked an ‘N’ as its pendant, so I figured this one was Nathan."
"Where the ground is compacted (see left) I’ll first of all push a garden fork deep into the lawn in several places to let air get to the plants’ roots, then I’ll brush in some coarse sand mixed with soil to try to get a nice open soil structure. then it’s just a matter of cutting the grass as short as I can (to let light in to the seeds) scuffing up the surface with my rake, spreading the RTF grass seed, lightly covering it with soil and watering it…with a watering can. All being well, Mother Nature will do the rest."
"Day 2: (platelets 230,000)"
"BB CC DD H LLLL PP Q RR SS TTT V"
"The project \"explores the relationship between written prose and illustrated scenarios,\" Waterman explains, as it zooms into specific spatial episodes in the lives of five characters."
"thanks so much for popping by, means a lot ;D"
"Muck’s sister, Grace, and Billy Reed’s daughter, Faye, were in teacher’s college in Saskatoon. It was a long way and they only came home for holidays. One day towards the end of the Thanksgiving holiday, Grace was out visiting Faye at the farm."
"I also bought an apple peeler, some clear-jel, labels for jars that I can personalize. I'm set."
"More fun Pictures..."
"There is a field that can not be outsourced: railroads! A person in India can not drive the train from Cincinnati to Cleveland! A person is Mexico can not repair the tracks in Pittsburgh. I wonder how well railroads would mind having a transitioning transsexual in the engineer's seat?"
"Suddenly a jovial fellow appeared from the front door of one of the cottages, smiling and waving. He shouted to me, “How great to see you! What are you doing here?”"
"I sponged half the nail with Rimmel London Apricot Punch and stamped with Konad White and BM205. I also added some New York Summer glitter (I think this one is called Las Vegas??) but in hindsight I should have probably left this out. It looks like the butterflies are being attacked by a swarm of insects. Lol!"
"Bards Notes, Compass and Boat Quest 3"
"Of Bombay, awarded by Intl Brotherhood of Magicians for new magic technique"
"to go along with contraception, sterilization and abortion-inducing drugs,"
"That is GENOCIDE!"
"AF-S NIKKOR 50mm f/1.8G"
"The older you get, the older Gramma gets."
"By six thirty we were both damp and freezing, so we headed back. Ari revealed she’d never seen the BBC show ”Sherlock” which is basically a crime if you’ve been living in London for the past three months. We talked happily of grabbing my blanket and cuddling while watching an episode or two."
"So I wonder if you can guess which picture I chose for the biography page of my author's new book? Katherine says I should put it here, but I can’t because of copyright, so you’ll have to wait until February when \"Sword of Light\" is published to find out!"
"3. People do the Best They Can with What They Have."
"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!"
"Now, I’m home and still way too wired. I feel stupid when I don’t see these things coming, but in my defense, I ate 3½ tsp of marijuana butter last week when things got so bad, so I had no idea that a mere half tsp would hit me this hard. And maybe it didn’t. Maybe I’m just fucking insane. I couldn’t even screw up the courage to open my mouth at the last meeting of this group (on Wednesday), and there I was today unable to close it. At least I didn’t rattle on about myself—I don’t think I did anyway—because I was much more interested in what other people had to say. I drew them out as best I could, and when one woman mentioned that something I had written made her think I didn’t want her in the group anymore, I instantly burst into tears for having pained her so."
"Odd size logos, etc can be cut smaller and several can be used to create a design that is the size of the other shirts. It is like making a collage–combine the designs to make a pleasing picture. The usual size of the template may be: 12×12 inches, 10×10 inches, 16×16 inches, 14×14 inches, or 18×18 inches. These will vary with the logo sizes on the shirts. For a crib size shirt using baby clothes the template may be 3×4 or 3×5 inches using 12-15 toddler to infant size tshirts. A twin size using toddler and small child size shirts 40-54 shirts and a 5×8 or 6×9 template."
"One day it's your baby's first birthday. The next it's your Dad's 62nd. Day after day passes by, adding up to years and faded memories."
"Those are profound statements that truly do preach humility and compassion and revive faith in the New Testament."
"I may try to run and hide from God. I may even try to turn my back on Him on occasions in defiance. But He is always there in everything I see or hear. I cannot totally ignore Him. I am drawn to Him. I need to look back. I need to know He is there watching me as I \"toddle\" along through life. When I do glimpse Him I am struck in awe and wonder. I am entranced by Him. I am captivated by the Father more and more as I learn to become more like Him and embrace being held by Him."
"Subtle changes have really made the space look different, huh? I am all about the subtle (and inexpensive) changes and working with what we have (until it drives me bonkers). Below are a couple shots from 2010 when my photography was bad, and the room was plainer and colder looking:"
"“I promise I won’t touch you… but please… I really love you…”I can see the sincerity on his eyes but… I can’t."
"“Days with my Father” produced by Phillip Toledano is a series of intimate portraits taken over a year and a half period documenting the final chapter in his father’s life. The photographs show his father’s personality, his struggle with his short term memory loss, his sense of humour, and his high spirits. Toledano has added a narrative to his images allowing the viewer to understand the context of the events or emotions that are captured."
"And sometimes that hurts."
"“Under a Dusun tradition it is a serious offence to even make a small mark on someone’s house pillar. What more to torch down a whole house,” said Mohigal."
"As pre-construction demolition proceeds and the project moves toward a new phase, Stuckey's departure may be politically advantageous for the developer. Just as the new administration of the Empire State Development Corporation can disavow some of its predecessor's decisions, a new Forest City point person might distance herself from--if not exactly disavow--some of Stuckey's statements."
"Garlic, 3 cloves, minced (OPTIONAL)"
"Storing supplies is one thing - crafting a creative ambiance is another. I like to tuck in unexpected notions with my supplies for little bits of unexpected inspiration. Antique photos and orphaned pages from a vintage book are nestled in a box of tea-stained ribbon..."
"I love piling gallon jars of strawberry jelly, 50-pack rolls of Charmin, a year's supply of Bic Disposable Razors and boxes of Tide large enough to wash everyone's clothes for 10 years in there."
"Here are a few samples…."
"So when he shows up in her middle-class, average town to see if he can woo her again, he’s pretty dang shocked to see her hugely pregnant. He thinks she’s 9 months pregnant and he’s not the dad (which sort of pisses him off, really) – then he discovers the truth."
"As I became interested in policing and mental health, I did a little bit of reading around this area and spoke to mental health professionals. There seemed to be consensus that excess cannabis use in some people can indeed induce temporary psychotic states and long-term use could lead to long-term problems. I have since seen studies (meta-analyses) which state that there could be as much of a three-fold risk of developing schizophrenia or a schizophrenia-like illness; and other studies make similar claims. It has also been suggested that substance abuse is a predictor of disengagement from psychiatric treatment. [I will shortly add links to studies which have been drawn to my attention implying the link between cannabis and mental health to be negligible.]"
"The premise of the Blogging From A to Z April Challenge is to post something on your blog every day in April except for Sundays. In doing this you will have 26 blog posts--one for each letter of the alphabet. Each day you will theme your post according to a letter of the alphabet."
"Materials Needed For Bat-stache:"
"This night is mine, and it’s only just begun"
"In compelling the bishop by legal proceedings to grant institution, the form known as Duplex Querula was adopted, which consisted of a complaint tendered to the archbishop against his Ordinary for some alleged denial of justice. The Dean of Arches (Sir H. J. Fust) issued a monition to the bishop to institute Mr. Gorham within fifteen days, or show cause for refusing; institution to be proceeded with by default. The bishop responded by what is called an \"Act on Petition,\" in which he included the book published by Mr. Gorham containing a detailed account of his examination. The bishop expressed himself convinced that Mr. Gorham was of unsound doctrine in respect to the efficacy of the Sacrament of Baptism, inasmuch as he held that spiritual regeneration is not given or conferred in that Holy Sacrament. This elicited a defensive rejoinder from Mr Gorham. The case came on for hearing in the Arches Court in February 1849, and judgment was given in the following August in favour of the bishop. Sir H. J. Fust concluded his judgment by stating that \"the doctrine of the Church of England undoubtedly is that children baptized are regenerated at baptism, and are undoubtedly saved if they die without committing actual sin. Mr. Gorham has maintained, and does maintain, opinions opposed to that Church of which he professes himself a member and a minister.\""
"I see that immense pride on my parents’ face as my brother talks about his marketing job to my uncle, about how he would often get free candies from his business dealings. And I wondered what made my parents so happy about a job that gives you free supplies of candies."
"Why, upon the upliftment of blessing, do I so often look around, compare myself to others, stick my nose in the air, and condescend? Simple graciousness would be a much better response."
"if you'e needy clingy or desperate,"
"Melt 50g white chocolate, cool slightly and add to the butter. Beat until smooth."
"I have to stop thinking that I am exhausted because it will make me even more exhausted..."
"Are you a sugar addict? Do you have fatigue on a regular basis that you use coffee, caffeine and sugar laden foods to help you overcome? Do you get cranky and irritable when you are hungry? How about frequent migraines, or sinusitis? Do you find yourself grabbing for the chocolate or Twinkies when your Aunt Flo arrives for her monthly visit? If so, you more than likely have some form of a sugar addiction."
"Healthy tissues are alkaline."
"Mayall: Penis drip catchers! With knocker holders (laughs)."
"1 ammunition"
"This was not an easy decision to make, and I do hope that there is a level of understanding about this. We had to do what we thought was the most fair to the most people."
"I also spent the morning making a DIY photo booth (as chronicled on Twitter) with garland, ribbons, and props to make the photos extra fun...photos I will put up later because I have to steal them from other people. :)"
"Breathe in the fragrance of jasmines richly lacing the air."
"Clay slicing blade"
"Everyone else on the course ranges in age from 18 - 21. Bwwwaaahhhhaaaahhhhaaaa. I am really going to have to struggle to maintain my believe that I am entitled to be there. And I am really going to have to try really hard not to become the mother hen."
"“I Place The Blame On Al-Jazeera TV And Its Management And Board Of Directors For Allowing Such A Woman To Appear On Their Channel And Say Such Things”"
"The characters are in the mead hall of their lord. While here before dinner they can use some courtly skills, if they wish. The Gamemaster should emphasize how different this setting is from the usual, by making the manners more earthy and the activities less refined. Dinner is served and the characters lay into their meat and mead, while telling stories of what they and their ancestors have done. Check Temperate to see how drunk the character is by this time."
"561420 Telephone call centers (including telephone answering services & telemarketing bureaus)"
"Are just about everywhere"
"Sorry for the long post.....its the coffee.....and my lack of time to blog lately.......or talk with friends......or even talk to J for that matter. In other words I am bursting. Looking forward to \"getting it all out\" with some good friends tomorrow. Yeah!"
"Photoshopping."
"I posted an informative opinion, in two parts, to the Anonymous commentator – firstly, because the person politely asked me to do so, and secondly, with the hope that it would generate some debate on the topic. However -- to date, I have not heard a single word from this individual – not even a polite “Thank You!”."
"Today, after a hearty Easter breakfast of boiled eggs, soldiers, baked yoghurt, hot-crossed bus and coffee (you really have to be properly fuelled you know), I invited Sarah to join me and we made our way in the drizzle to the coastal run. Another 11K in total – but I was glad to have Sarah with me as an excuse to go slower and stop occasionally after my beer, wine and bbq Saturday. The chin-ups were more successful than last week, but I’ve made myself a challenge today: to step up from my current 10 to a much more manly 20 before the real event."
"But instead I'm thinking about this poem, because I think it was written for a day exactly like this one..."
"I haven’t even gotten to the dialogue, which was amazing (Go read the scene where Beau and Ambrose are out on their respective building decks with Beau giving Ambrose the business – fucking awesome). This had some of the best monologues I’ve read in a script. There wasn’t a single moment in the story where I didn’t believe what was coming out of a character’s mouth. That NEVER happens when I read a script."
"You may not believe it, but when a U.S. company closes down a U.S. manufacturing plant fires its American workers and moves those good-paying jobs to China or other locations abroad, U.S. tax law actually rewards those companies with a large tax break called deferral. The tax code allows these firms to defer paying any U.S. income taxes on the earnings from those new foreign-manufactured products until those profits are returned, if ever, to this country. If a company making the same product decides to stay in this country, it is required to pay immediate U.S. taxes on the profits it earns here."
"Here is the recipe for my version, feel free to try it out, and think of me when you tuck in to that sweet sweet pizza goodness!"
"It's been quite the hectic weekend! Here's an old outfit for you from a month or so ago that features one of my favorite Anthropologie pieces, the Raining Pouring blouse. It was a miracle I got it in the first place! I missed out on it the first time and somehow, magically, it showed up, IN MY SIZE, on pop-back a few weeks ago. So freaking exciting and full of whimsy."
"Today, hubby is home for the holiday weekend, and we are getting odds and ends done. The boys are playing in a homemade fort upstairs, Ry is practicing a lesson he is giving on I Peter this week, and I have an impressive load of laundry to do. Tomorrow I'll get back to crafting for the airplane party and share some more projects. I also have recorded last night's newest Downton Abbey and can't wait to sit with a cup of coffee and find out what is going on in post WWI English manor life."
"Harmonies/Duets - The Beatles: RB added this altered amore to achieve the bold added authentic to the Beatles' music, and Blooming Day: RB will backpack it on, but there are several songs in the Bedrock Bandage library that could annual from a multi-vocal option. Songs like Linkin Park's One Footfall Closer, Gorillaz' Clint Eastwood, and Evanescence's Accompany Me to Life, just to name a few, were all recorded with two vocalists, one singing and one rapping. Assorted choir could aswell achieve artists like The B-52s added attainable to the game."
"About Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi"
"“That’s very impressive,” I said. “You know what I’ve got? This.” I tapped the Guan Dao strapped to my back. A Chinese halberd, consisting of a one and a half meter long wooden pole with a curved sword edge on one end and a sharp spike on the other."
"As someone who regularly steals restaurant menus, takes pictures of bathroom interiors and stares longingly at signage, this event sounds perfect. And I know I'm not alone in my admiration of food and restaurant design. The packaging, the art and the details complete our food experiences, don't you think? For those of you who look beyond the plate when dining, check out AIGA KC's Homegrown Food event. They've got a fantastic line-up of speakers, too."
"Mijnbestseller.nl is an initiative of Paul van Bekkum, former director of the Eindhoven Dagblad, and Robert Bosma, a former line manager at Wegener. \"The book world is on the verge of a revolution,\" says van Bekkum. \"Printing on demand makes it possible for anyone to publish a book, search engines and social media make sure that the book can be found and sold.\""
"\"I am a happy man.\""
"According to the Washington Department of Health, Office of Radiation Protection, “A 1.4 Megaton bomb launched about 250 miles above Kansas would destroy most of the electronics that were not protected in the entire Continental United States.”"
"INORI’S MAGICAL FUCKING CRYSTAL FLOWER INEXPLICABLY MADE FROM HER MAGICAL FUCKING TEARS FUCKING STARTS TO GLOW JUST AS SHU IS ABOUT TO FUCKING DIE"
"Majority of new draftees hope to join Air Defense Command “Islam is not to blame” Human rights hijacked Electric Vehicle Stimulating Simulation – iEV For iPhone Second Generation Immigrants Are Dangerous PA Claims To Condemns Mohammed Mareh, While Honoring Palestinian Killer of 37 Israelis The PA has spent $7 billion in Gaza since Hamas took over 22-Mar-12: Other than about cynical hypocrisy, do the reactions to the deliberate murders of French children teach us something? The IDF Artillery Corps as you have never seen it before A field hospital on the Golan?"
"On the trip to Anchorage, we flew through Burbank (this requires a little geography manipulating but the rewards are great), and encountered three West Coast springs. In Anchorage, six feet of rotten snow covered the garden. Here in Washington daffodils and cherries bloom, and tulips begin. But in Southern California the garden center parking lot held many cars and customers’ little wagons many plants."
"The shade I am talking about is 6 Bubblegum. So, so pretty it’s a real Barbie pink. The packaging is nothing to shout about but it is the little gem inside that has been adorning my lips these past few weeks (you may have seen me Tweeting about it!) I don’t even think photos do this shade justice. It is amazing!"
"Become our sons as well.His constant refrain was that nations are people in the land and that the strength of nations depends upon the strength of its people; in a speech in Ankara in 1920 he said:"
"And he calmed down."
"to come up and ask me what was wrong,"
":: They're the only insect that turns their neck to look over their shoulder. One did this on my finger today, it was crazy! nearly 180degrees to spot prey."
"Prior to this scientific cataclysm, I received some interesting feedback from a presentation on the genetics of black violence that I created. When the blog Half Sigma reported on the recent study that associated gang violence with the 3-repeat allele in the promoter of the violence gene MAOA, the readers immediately wanted to know about racial prevalences of the alleles. Henry Harpending, the famous researcher who has studied recent human evolution and who co-wrote a new book with Gregory Cochran, pointed to the Sabol et al study, which determined that two-thirds of white people have the 4-repeat allele that is not associated with violent behavior and that 60% of African-Americans and Asian-Americans have the more violence-associated 3-repeat allele."
"Ink: Memento Black and SU mellow moss, bashful blue for shading"
"From a constitutional and historical perspective, states including Texas regulated immigration instead of the feds until after the Civil War. For example, when leftist"
"6pm-12am"
"This new ornament that my sister-in-law Susie gave me…"
"It briefly crossed his mind that if he'd followed the teacher's advice to sit on trees he would have been nearly invisible. He blinked and looked around."
"So, I've just \"shortened\" the recipe down a little bit here, but hers is perfect and divine. Looking at her blog makes me want to try everything! One day, when I become more than a pretender, I'm going to make this again with her homemade applesauce. Yum!"
"But I tried to post it and it was a tiny white spot in a black rectangle. My night vision must be better than the computer's."
"Viewers may notice the new wing incorporates more glass into its ceiling and walls than the Elvehjem. Panczenko says this was intentional. He thinks that letting in some natural light helps humanize the museum experience."
"I thought about it too and how could I heal others being a novice in energy healing. I still did, because I knew I had to start somewhere and with this knowing that I’m prepared to follow my life purpose now."
"Without you being just the way you are, there would not be this beauty to grace the house.'"
"And if you're in Regensburg, Germany, you might try to sneak a peek at one of the 500 new fairytales discovered there. The stories were \"locked away in an archive\" for over 150 years and are \"part of a collection of myths, legends and fairytales, gathered by the local historian Franz Xaver von Schönwerth (1810–1886) in the Bavarian region of Oberpfalz at about the same time as the Grimm brothers were collecting the fairytales that have since charmed adults and children around the world.\""
"In January, it was a cold winter night. Winter in the Dominican means that it can get as cold as 60 degrees at night! Brrrr! Many of our church members chose to stay at home rather than brave the blustery, chilly evening. I went the two blocks from the church in my van to pick up the 6 children from our orphanage for divine service in Palmar Arriba. Out of the house came Moises, Randy, Ramona, Francis, and Junior. It was dark and I didn’t see Estefani. So, I left the children in the van and went to the house asking about Estefani. Ariel said, “Pastor, I think she is in the van.” I said, “No, I didn’t see her go past me in the wheelchair.” Ariel responded, “Pastor, she didn’t use the wheelchair, she walked out.” That is exactly what had happened. I had seen Estefani, but I had not seen her because she had no wheelchair! Estefani is learning through therapy and Christian love that it is ok to live without her disability and be simply whom God the Father has called her to be, His beloved daughter, through baptism and the faith that He has given her!"
"Other customers prefer to use the pieces as clasps in jewelry designs. I am tinkering with \"one hole\" designs for that specific purpose, too."
"\"I just got you on video blowing by me at 90 miles per hour,\" the driver said to the deputy. At one point the driver's speedometer hit 90 heading down Highway 13. \"He was holding his cell being a commentator,\" said Accomack County resident BJ Bundick. \"That is ridiculous. It was irresponsible on his side.\""
"So currently I am meant to be writing my End of Year Essay due in this Friday, but I read something that I had to comment on. I am writing my essay on the Holocaust and the theological implications and in one of my books I read this: “The world is indifferent to humans”. But this is wrong, the world is not indifferent to humans, it just exists- in fact it is the people who are indifferent to the world and to their fellow beings. This statement was made by Richard Rubenstein who rejected belief in God and his belief in Judaism because of the events of the Holocaust and the fact that he came to the conclusion that Hitler was the agent of God which he refused to believe. However, I disagree with this view completely because what about our responsibilities? Why does it have to be God who is blamed? What about the responsibility of the people who were involved? Those who committed the crimes? I am not absolving God from responsibility as it raises the long held argument of the problem of evil in which many theodicies have been created. I am not denying the question of where was God in all this? It is an important question! These aren’t simple questions and there are no real answers, but what there is out there is the knowledge that people did commit these crimes. People did stand and watch. People did do nothing."
"Kernel Centennial 100 and Kernel Centennial 2010"
"“We are very scared at the moment – we are an open target for the militants,” said Israrullah Shinwari, a spokesman for the All Pakistan Oil Tankers Association."
"Which brings us to this precious story."
"However, as Franklin continues to strive to ennoble himself through industry, self-improvement, and truthfulness, he reaches a certain limit. He reaches a plateau where he needs more than his earthly father’s guidance – a higher source of inspiration – so, he turns heavenward. The following passage shows his reliance on heavenly source: “And conceiving God to be the Fountain of Wisdom, I thought it right and necessary to solicit his Assistance for obtaining it” (595), so he forms the following prayer for his daily practice:"
"Critics on both the left and right assailed this sneak attack on our Constitutional rights."
"And tonight. Tonight was wonderful. I met another blog queen whom I felt I already knew, the effervescent Cherie. We joined Sally, My friend Caro, and Cherie and Ruben and their other guests at Consagrados. Ruben was ebullient, Cherie was grace incarnate, and everyone was so welcoming. And I danced. Can I say this again? I danced. It was wonderful. I danced with locals, I danced with visitors, I danced with Sorin, and the highlight of my night, I danced with Ruben. The cabeceo is still tricky for me, I did alright sometimes, and other times Ruben or Sally would bring my attention to someone who was trying hard to get my attention. I'll get used to it soon I think."
"-- NEVER GIVE UP -- NEVER GIVE IN --"
"On the trail marked with pollen may I walk"
"Everything I had seen beyond the window – the railway crossing bathed in evening light, the chirping voices of the children, and the dazzling color of the oranges raining down on them – had passed in the twinkling of an eye. Yet the scene had been vividly and poignantly burned in my mind, and from this, welling up within me, came a strangely bright and buoyant feeling."
"Instagram gives digital photos the look of analog photos, often exaggerating flaws such as lens aberrations, fading, and color casts because either:"
"Just to make it clear. The residents have said (in the planning consultation) they DO NOT WANT this development. They also said (in the Local Plan consultations) that they DO NOT WANT development in the strategic gap."
"TB: The circuit was established as a tool to book high calibre artists for the area, as no one series could justify expenses alone to bring in specific artists. The circuit created a platform that made the opportunities for the artists more viable and served to create regular communication between the southwestern Ontario slams."
"she'd survive.........."
"Biographical analysis"
"I suppose I must have done a lot of research but it never felt as though I was “working”. I was simply following my own interests and the inspiration for the book sprang from those. The hardest thing perhaps was reading Father Reinartz’s articles about the Steinfeld glass. Like the legends of Bad Münstereifel, which I researched for my previous book, they were published in the Eifel Club newsletter in the early twentieth century – which means that they were printed in a terrible Gothic type that is really hard to read, and the language was quite old-fashioned. Obviously the articles were entirely in German too, so it was a bit of a labour of love."
"February 28, 2008. Kristoff from the New York Times: Mr. Obama"
"And they asked me in to dinner, to get the beauty of it hot -"
"to do the same... until now"
"The second sentence is found in Pirqei Avot (1:14): “If I am not for myself, who will be for me? And if I am only for myself, what am I? And if not now, when?” He teaches us to take responsibility for ourselves, for if we don’t do it ourselves, then who will? We need to be focused on our own needs, to attempt to improve our lives and our manners. But if we only focus on ourselves, then what are we? We can’t stop with the self, we also have a responsibility to relate to our fellow human beings (don’t do to others what is hateful to you, don’t ignore the needs of others, when you yourselves would hate to have your needs ignored. We are not alone in this world, human is a social being). And we need to act now, in this moment. We don’t know what the next moment will bring."
"-No Cheers tonight."
"Remember: People can create a new identity online and that goes for online dating sites as well. There is no need to rush into something with someone you met on the screen. Take your time and get to know them."
"- Health Care and Social Media in Europe"
"Thanks and hope to see you all there!"
"“Pretty cold today, huh?” I asked."
"The ad read: 1 year old black cat. Female. Half Siamese. R50."
"Then said Ziba unto the king, According to all that my lord the king hath commanded his servant, so shall thy servant do. As for Mephibosheth, said the king, he shall eat at my table, as one of the king’s sons."
"Summer vacation is almost upon us. That means I will have 3 kids home and looking for something to do! Every summer I plan some reading and math activities for my kids to keep them fresh and ready to return to school in the fall. This summer I have planned the following for reading:"
"-Died fewer than 5 times per level (I cheated by resetting heh)"
"4. If you post your entries for my challenges in my challenge group section of Sketches4All Erin Reed's Challenges (I have 2 of them) then each challenge entry will enter you in for 2 more chances each!! Challenges will start Nov 29, 2010. That gets you 4 more entries."
"The shortness of the record is an important point, though, because the planet’s climatological past extends back a little bit farther than that! Said past is only knowable by indirect means, by proxy – often through the use of tree rings, ice cores, and lake sediment samples, that sort of thing. But when NASA, and then The New York Times, says that 2010 was the warmest year in the instrumental record, they are ignoring the important proxy record showing temperatures during the ice age that began three million years ago (not long at all, that) to have routinely exceeded the values streaming across television screens, Times Square tickers, and newspaper front pages."
"As you can see it fairly easy to make. These decorative gems I got at the Dollar store. That paint I already had but if you are in search for a great green this \"Ivy leaf\" paint color by Krylon is the best green I have found for home decor projects. I have a lot of green decor in my house that has been painted with this color. LOVE it!"
"My story: Judith Campbell Exner and Ovid Demetrias"
"“Hmm, so it would appear that you didn’t do this thing the right way the first time around.”"
"You may engage Anthony Cerminaro on a “retainer” basis, for as long as you determine based on your business needs, for a fixed fee, confirmed in advance, for an agreed number of days on your site per month. The scope of services to be provided would be agreed in advance and tailored to meet your needs, but would generally be expected to include the following:"
"All the PVPs ran really well, and people seemed to take a lot of notice of us. Those purple vests really stand out in a crowd, and we were approached by quite a few people asking about the club. One local fell racing luminary described it as a 'sea of purple'. Damn right. With five runners in the top fifty and strong placings for all the other nine it sort of felt like we were finally announcing our arrival to the regional fell running scene."
"ED NOTE: While I bring a lot of my personal opinions into my journal posts and describe things as I see them, the intention of the Design posts is not the same. These posts will be written objectively from research and industry experience."
"So if you would like to make your own christmas napkins here's what you need.."
"While visiting the In-Laws at their condo the wife aka Mrs. Sausage took her parents to the store for a few groceries and the lads and I decided to stay behind and head for the pool. After our aqua activities were over we decided to raid the fridge and to our shock and dismay we found this culinary bastard staring back at us...be afraid...be very afraid. Or maybe it's just me."
"but you have now returned to the shepherd and guardian of your souls."
"1/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips"
"When I think of March,"
"A brief description of an INFJ, \"INFJ's are introspective, caring, gentle, and complex people that strive for peace and derive satisfaction from helping others. INFJ's are highly intuitive, empathetic and dedicated listeners. These traits tend to act as a, \"tell me what's wrong,\" sign on their forehead, hence the nicknames Confidant, Counselor, and Empath. INFJ's are intensely private and deeply committed to their beliefs.\""
"Just as soon as I get back from Colorado. Leaving in less than 48 hours!"
"Although they haven't requested donations at all, I'm sure, after almost a year of cancer treatment and everything that goes with it and now a funeral, that the Averys could use money. I know they could use prayers. This is their address..."
"Personal Opinion"
"The background, I painted in grey acrylic before spritzing with a white mister and allowing to dry. A variety of trims were adhered to the bottom and I stamped the bird cage onto pale card before arranging it behind the frame. To finish, I tied a thin length of netting through the top of the tag."
"And she with true kind eyes looks back on him,"
"screamed through his gurgling slashed throat."
"Ben used to live in Tennant Creek and is keen to show me around. Anyway I had better go, Ben is insisting that I look at the view out the window (personally I think it looks the same as the view from 100kms ago... and I suspect I am about to have a lesson on the subtle differences!!!)"
"Basically she was telling me that although Rhiannon had just tested positive for a severe allergy to two different dust mites, this had no effect on her health. It was illogical for me to think that her immune system that was dealing with an allergy to dust mites would be further weakened and more vulnerable to colds and flus. These symptoms were rather a result of not being immunized. Just in case you agree with her, please check out this recent German study using more than 17, 000 children. Or check out this less formal compilation which actually finds that non-vaccinated kids are sick LESS often. You will notice that according to this study (which has its weaknesses: relying on self-reported data, very small sample size for non-vaccinated children [.7% of the population], etc.) there was no statistically significant difference between rates of colds and flus between immunized and non-immunized children."
"Bow to gravity."
"We are well protected from those who would do us harm by capable, competent and determined protectors such as James Clapper, Director of our National Intelligence Center."
"Nooyi’s 2011 compensation included $1.6 million in base salary, up from $1.3 million, her first increase in base pay since becoming CEO in 2006. Stock and option awards totaled $9.5 million, roughly equal to year-ago levels, while her incentive plan compensation fell to $2.5 million from $3 million last year."
"Now for my take on the most recent brouhaha."
"KJ decided he wanted to do some experiments. I of course pulled the classic move of grabbing a science book of the shelf and looking some up. To which he responded, \"mom that's not an experiment. An experiment is when you mix stuff together and see what happens.\""
"“Loads carried over the Hump were many and verified. The primary load was gasoline, carried in 55 gallon drums and added to by siphoning from tanks of the carrying aircraft. Also carried were: small arms and ammunition, small vehicles, heavy equipment cut up and carried in pieces, truck and aircraft engines, bombs and aircraft machine gun ammunition, mortar shells, hospital equipment, personnel, 20′ lengths of 4″ pipe, etc.” (below, transporting Chinese soldiers to India for the Burma Campaign)"
"Our sponsor is Linda from Scrapcat Cards by Linda and you could win a $10 gift certificate from her store here."
"The sentiment is definitely true for me and this tag will be on the wall in my new craft room if we ever get to move."
"There have been quite a few digital album deals I have had to pass on due to insufficient time to locate, assemble, and upload images to a site and then organize said images into a digital album (not much on the auto-fill option as I am a bit of a perfectionist)."
"It looks like you can use a few Apps to track your runs, however for now, I am just tracking my runs on my phone, and manually entering them in."
"On a side note (having nothing to do with anything) I think it’s important to note that all of his fellow employees basically stood around and watched as these two unruly customers came across the counter, hell-bent on killing the poor cashier. It was only after he found a weapon and was effectively defending himself, that his fellow workers attempted to stop the insanity."
"TOPIC: Are your songs ready for film/TV?"
"So, do I get it right? Should I be more upfront? Am I too brash and obnoxious? How irritating is it when I blow my own vuvuzela?"
"1 lb sausage (we used a mild Italian, not in the casing)"
"Morgen: And that’s so exciting. If you could have your life over again, is there anything you’d have done differently (writing-related or otherwise)?"
"Dr. and Mrs. Allen E. Puckett"
"So, I needed to create my own, particular story shark."
"and I realized it would be less work to carry it all out onto the carport,"
"Grind to a coarse consistency the shallots, dry red chillies, garlic and peppercorns, either using a pestle and mortar or in a food processor/ grinder. It need not be smooth."
"I cannot bare my life."
"I’d land at Dallas… call your Mum to let her know I was there… and then get on the 5:30pm or 7pm overnight flight to Gatwick. That would be the fourth night."
"Now, if I ever catch them jumping down the stairs there'll be what for! ;-)"
"The day is filled of fun activities including magic shows, broadway musical and the highlight show of the night, The 2nd Asian Wizardry Fireworks Competition Finals."
"Over the longer term I’m aware the lady squeeze is serious about getting married. She isn’t joking. It’s not a wind up. I’m over the fear, I’ve accepted that there is a price to pay, in liberty, for keeping a top piece of totty under my duvet; I’d just prefer not to be asked what I think. I don’t think. I’m happy with whatever. I don’t need a democratic voice. I require the benign dictatorship of someone with my best interests at heart. Since she started telling me what to do with my life, my diet has improved through the introduction of vegetables, my career has gone on its uppers and I dress better. As for input into these wedding decisions, I care not for cakes, dresses, locations, or invite lists or anything. Even if some of the sums of money mentioned make me swear and blaspheme (I’m fond of Jesus Arsing Christ, as my current blasphemy. I never really got putting H in there). As far as my involvement goes, I put money in the joint account, she can have what she likes, and I’ll turn up on the day without a hangover. Much like the house we live in. She seems to think asking me about furnishings and decoration and kitchens is somehow relevant. It isn’t. “Whatever, how much? Christ, how much? Okay then”, is the sum total of all I need to be involved. An extra £3 a week through the tax system for being married is buttons, but in all honesty I rather have those buttons in my pocket. £3 is a 2 litre bottle of White Star 7.5% cider from the co-op. Putting £3 in my pocket instead of cheap cider drinking dole scroungers is possibly one of the more socially responsible things a government could do. I can spend my own money better than the government, thank you very much. I can spend my own money on what I want, not what people tell me to spend it on or government doing it for me."
"Metal detecting can easily pay for itself many times over. In this article, you’ll discover how to get the absolute most out of your metal detector, and enjoy it for years to come."
"So, how did we all end up burritofied? Let's just say Kid C decided he could cook. By himself. Without permission. Yes, be afraid. I'm still having nightmares. Shudder."
"On Thursday, I'll be linking to"
"Life was good. We were happy. Patrick did ask me if I wanted to get counseling after the emotional affair. I said a confident, “No, I just needed a baby.”"
"you watch them fall"
"As before, don’t let yourself be distracted by her long, healthy, flowing, mesmerizing cascading hair. It’s her trademark."
"If you’ve seen the first few scenes in “Spy Kids,” then you’ve seen the castle director Robert Rodriguez lives in west of town. And of course everybody’s heard about the millions Sandra Bullock poured into a lovely dump of a house that’s sadly destined for the wrecker’s ball."
"“Memory is like a spiderweb that catches new information. The more it catches, the bigger it grows. And the bigger it grows, the more it catches.”"
"Photographs of India, including the Taj Mahal with the camouflage netting:"
"So true."
"As for Crimson, which is not pictured, Kim had this to say:"
"And she requested, \"How about this plaid dress with red accents, a layered skirt and your Miz Mooz boots!\" Unfortunately, I don't have that dress anymore, Megan - I took it to the consignment store a few months ago. Let's take a moment to say our goodbyes."
"On returning to the Congo, I mention this nugget of astronomical news to the manager of the safari camp."
"Now for the final day we have to write about how we balance knitting and crochet. The short answer is I don’t! I do whatever the whim takes me and what pattern I fancy doing next. At the moment that tends to be crochet as it lends itself more to the wire jewellery that I am currently doing. However, to be fair I did a comparison table:"
"“You know where the rendezvous point is, son,” Pappy seemed annoyed."
"When this conversation ends, it will all be over."
"1 oz sweet vermouth"
"Those who can be trusted can change their mind."
"BM: “It was all going to happen to me, and I knew it!” I can’t think of anything else here now."
"After achieving nine victories utilising the advantages afforded by open-top roadsters, Audi’s launch of the R18 TDi marks the manufacturer’s second foray into the use of closed-cockpit prototypes, following the use (and subsequent shelving) of the R8C Coupe in 1999."
"I just recently started it. The save system is very PC-like. This is a good and a bad thing. It’s good because you’ll start exactly where you were standing when last saved. The problem comes up when you forget to save. Max Payne 2 doesn’t ever autosave or have checkpoints. I found this out the hard way. I died quickly where you meet with Mike the Cowboy and since I didn’t save I had to play from the beginning of the game back to that point…twice. Now I’m up to Part II, Chapter 3 and I’m saving any time I think I could easily die. Lesson learned."
"For example, the other day I was signing a sheet of sticky labels at top speed (the labels were to put in the books of kids who'd forgotten to bring in their money but still wanted to buy one, and the speed was because I was up to the wire in terms of catching the train home) and someone leaned over my shoulder and said in a slightly disappointed tone, \"Oh. I can read your signature.\" And it's true. I'm legible. How boring."
"He says something like, \"You and me babe, how about it?\""
"U: Ubiquitous~ don’t you just love that word? If I was going to start a little town and name it, I think I would name it Ubiquitous, just because I love the sensation of saying that word. By the way, I also love the word Unmitigated. perhaps I could start two towns!!"
"March 22 @ W+L Showcase, Electric Pickle, Miami"
"Impulsion improves only after the horse sees monsters in the decorative shrubbery near letters."
"Saturday H had a couple accidents for Jeff in the evening. And Sunday they did diapers with being out of the house 1/2 of the day for showings & such. But we have come an incredibly long way in, what, a week? Especially considering I didn't think Logan would get this til he was 5! And really this wasn't even our agenda. It wasn't on my plans until July. But they totally took the lead on this one & I'm not about to deny them & miss out on our perfect opportunity & possibly make it harder on us later."
"Ithaca gave you the marvelous journey. Without her you wouldn’t have set out. She has nothing left to give you now. And if you find her poor, Ithaca won’t have fooled you. Wise as you will have become, so full of experience, you’ll have understood by then what these Ithakas mean."
"While Ichigo’s body is becoming covered in the Hollow “material” (?), he begins to have a vision of a strange man in a cape in a world of boxes. The man tries to tell him his name but Ichigo is unable to hear it. Suddenly, the world begins to dissolve around Ichigo and the man implores him to find the box with his shinigami powers (at which point Ichigo remembers Ishida’s story about how shinigami‘s soul ribbons are red). Ichigo finds the hilt of his zanpakuto (though not the blade). In a massive explosion, he destroys the giant implement Tessai was going to use to kill him and emerges out of the pit in his shinigami robe. He also has a Hollow mask on but with one quick bash of his sword’s hilt, Ichigo is back to his normal bad-ass self. He passes his second test and now must do his third and final one which is to knock the hat off of Uruhara’s head who draws his own zanpakuto (which means he’s hiding something about himself). Uruhara nearly kills Ichigo when Ichigo sees his zanpakuto‘s spirit again and finally learns the swords name, zangetsu. It becomes a massive sword whose type I can’t really name and Ichigo easily (in one swing) knocks off Uruhara’s hat (and would have killed Uruhara if he hadn’t put up a shield). Seven days later (after Chad, Orihime, and Ichigo all say goodbye to their families), they return to Uruhara’s shop one last time (along with Uryu) to finally enter Soul Society. Uruhara has created a massive portal but he gives them a dire warning. They only have four minutes to make it through. Any more and they’ll be stuck between the world’s forever and thus they head out with Yoruichi as their guide."
"Moreover, it hurts not only the writer, but also the critic reviewing the book or article in which it occurs, unable to determine whether the guilty party was the author or the typesetter, assuming that such a creature still exists and hasn’t been supplanted by a robot."
"Once again: when white, Afrikaans students play a prank in which nobody is physically harmed, it is “racism” and it reaches the front pages of the international press."
"Please pray for us (us being everyone in Japan) and if you feel so inclined, find a way to send some warm blankets to people who've lost their homes. Don't know when I'll be back on-line again, but hopefully soon."
"6. Nut Popper #1"
"Every now and then they just have to shrug their shoulders and say we don’t know what’s wrong and we don’t know what else to do, so you’ll just have to live with it*. Now excuse me I have more patients to see."
"The collection will Justin Bieber Doll presented immediately after the sale on December 1, with indications that the limited supply. This means that large stores but shipments of the doll quite a stress for adults and, perhaps, should try sites such as amazon and eBay as Justin and specialized web sites to look for Christmas holidays We pursue new toy."
"I was just challenged by one of my besties to start a new blog…About Fashion! My fashion. More to the point, a sort of “What I am Wearing Today” type of blog. And I love the idea!"
"So we will have a wee dram for you on Tuesday Dad from all those Christmas bottles you never got a chance to drink, and I will make little Yorkshire puds and roast beef, your most fav meal (even in January). There will be Charlie Pride and Tom T Hall on the stereo, and lots of talk. You liked to tell a story, and you told one well. You were funny and wise and gentle, and right to the end were thanking the lovely Oncology staff for helping you . They appreciated it."
"The title promises a lot, and maybe also too much. Please forgive me for that, but I simply couldn’t make a better title up."
"Decreased productivity can reduce wages, as employers penalize less productive workers. Obesity hits workers’ pocketbooks indirectly, too: Numerous studies have shown that the obese are less likely to be hired and promoted than their svelte peers are. Women in particular bear the brunt of that, earning about 11 percent less than women of healthy weight, health economist John Cawley of Cornell University found. At the average weekly U.S. wage of $669 in 2010, that’s a $76 weekly obesity tax."
"Father, thank You for this reminder, and for making it clear what I’m to share in Sunday’s message. You indeed work all things together for good! Thank You for the recent lessons in patience, trust, and gratitude. Help me continue to apply what You are so faithful to teach me, not only for myself but also for the benefit of all around me. Your grace and blessings are indeed amazing, limitless, and I so often lose sight of that. Help me keep it in focus so that I may be an unpolluted channel for You to flow through to others, for their salvation and Your glory. Thank You. Hallelujah!"
"So here goes. This week’s Friday Five…"
"Moses 1:1"
"I wanted to give a special \"HEY THERE\" to my good friend Auntie Marge for sending me a funny little poem that goes a little like this:"
"oil for frying"
"With that, I charged at him with an imaginary knife and pointed it to his throat. “Who else do you love, HUH?” I demanded to know. Sheepishly, he flashed a wide grin at me and pointed to our plush tortoises. Yes, we have 2 really cute plushies that we love and sleeps with us every night. But that’s besides the point."
"Rich and I respected each other and didn't judge each other. He was far from perfect and so was I. But we just blended so well. He taught me so much about how to love and not be afraid to let those innermost feelings out. I was so guarded because I'd been burned by my sons birth father. I kept thinking the other shoe was going to drop. Finally, I got the message that this was true love and I could let it all hang out. I taught him what it felt like to be loved. He was orphaned at 2 years old. He never had true love. Even"
"\"Be still, and know that I am God.\""
"If you're interested in two, leave two comments, etc."
"The Lie Lay Land is an album of mesmerizing patience. It was constructed with much care and much consideration, I think that is obvious, and it demands patience of the listener as well. Like all good puzzles, it requires dedication to solve, but also presents a worthwhile challenge. The oddity is that I couldn’t precisely single out any passage in any song to illustrate what I’m trying to say. The effect this music may or may not have on the listener boils down to the most minute details embedded in the songs. It’s not that a certain stretch of rhythm is particularly remarkable, it’s the little cracks that show up, expertly placed and nurtured, the tiny details which warp any sort of predictable, comfortable structure you might expect the song to settle into. And what’s more, I’m not even certain “songs” is the right word for what this record has to offer. My impression is that World’s End Girlfriend treats music in a singularly visual way. Listening to this I get flashes of color, textures superimposing and alternating, depth, all translated into sound. It’s not synesthesia I’m talking about here, it’s the feeling that this music is a sort of slowing down of light to the speed of sound. Tricky business to absorb and even trickier to put into words (which is, after all, just another form of translating, isn’t it?)."
"the Berloni’s “failed to provide"
"For me, that special item was my favourite shirt. Made from a floaty white cotton fabric covered in large pink and yellow roses with tiny touches of cornflower blue, not to mention the small ruffle around the neckline and pintucks on the front! Well, seems I loved that shirt a bit too much and wore it beyond its use by date."
"Do you agree? I think I do. I think for me, it's not so much the \"branding\" or \"platform\"as the willingness to engage with people. A couple of my \"friends\" on Goodreads are authors, and they only use the site to promote their own work, rather than share what they read. They're clearly trying to brand, but as a reader, that's a lot less interesting to me than authors who DO share book recommendations. One of them has written a series that looks awesome, but I haven't made time to read it, and I think that's at least in part because s/he does nothing online (that I've seen) but promote the blog and the books. It's kind of a turnoff. Authors who are willing to open up a little—even if it's insecure or negative—are a lot more likely to stay on my radar. It's not so much about the willingness to engage with people one-on-one (although I very much appreciate the authors who do that); it's more about the willingness to show a little personality. Authors on Twitter, for example, who link to articles they've read, who take a stand on some issues, who have opinions and are not afraid to share them—those are the authors to whom I naturally gravitate. Even authors who tweet what they have for breakfast—as long as the breakfast is awesome—are far more likely to attract me than authors who do nothing but aggressively promote their books. I'm still loyal to some authors, such as Stephen King, who don't use social media at all. But he did plenty of engaging in ON WRITING. Engaging can work wonders—whether it's online or off. I did two films (shorts) with a guy I \"met\" on Twitter, and we still keep in contact, even though we've yet to meet in real life."
"So what do I do now? I considered watching Castle again, but it’s getting a little over the top, I know the episodes too well. And today, I joined Pottermore. I don’t know how I feel about this. I am a huge Harry Potter fan, always have been. I have read all the books not only multiple times in English, but also books 1-6 in Spanish, and books 1-5 in German. I have also seen all of the films multiple times. So Pottermore seemed like the next logical step, right? Well, I don’t know. Its the kind of thing you can’t really appreciate until you are really really into the story. And I thought I was. I can talk along with the movies, I’ve read the books in three languages, for goodness sake! But still I don’t know…"
"Helen Pidd (helenpidd) twits today that she's back in London where she will find it tricky to report further on the trial. She redirects those who are interested to Lars Bevanger (lbevanger) and Trygve Sorvaag (trygvesorvaag). She also cites Chris Elliott's op-ed, Open door: The readers' editor on … the problems of tweeting the Anders Behring Breivik trial, which in turn provides a reporter's rationalizations about why reporting testimony directly from Breivik's trial is bad:A tweet goes straight from event to air – and stays there. It is a discrete package that may later form a strand of a larger, more complex, story, but which will, nevertheless, exist of itself, shorn of context."
"In 1995 retired judge, James Pickles, told a literary luncheon in Leeds:"
"06-24 London, England – Hammersmith Apollo"
"Started the day and week off right with a barbell strength class (I believe also known as body pump and many other gyms). Always a good workout! For some reason Ryann was a mess the rest of the morning, incredibly clingy and whiny. \"Just hold me mama.\" So I obliged. She took a three hour nap (I woke her at 4, I don't care if you aren't supposed to wake a sleeping kid, I just don't let her nap past 4). It must have been a good nap, check out that bed head! Later the hubs and Ry were being goobers while he was outside grilling."
"We spend a lot of time waiting and I'm guessing most of us think that waiting is a waste of time, but is it? Could it be that waiting is part of God's design for our lives to slow us down enough to see what's important around us. Last week, God himself knows that I really didn't have time to spend six hours in a waiting room while my \"to do\" list grew and grew...and yet, here I am and the world's still spinning! In that waiting time, I spent time talking with my brother, sister and sister-in-law - we dont get to do that much anymore. I spent time talking to a stranger whose son was in the hospital and was also waiting...turns out he's a Christian brother from Quincy. I spent time looking out a window and thinking about how blessed I am...worshipping God by staring. I spent time praying..thankful for my mom and asking for God to protect her. I waited and life slowed down and not much mattered except the waiting of it all and somehow that was what God wanted me to do."
"Newsflash- you can have up to 6 (I think it's 6) Nooks on the same account, so I hooked my student ones up to my account... but when I realized they'd be able to access my \"US Weekly\" and read about Snooki being preggers... well, I had to set up a classroom account for my classroom Nooks! :) So, once the protectors go on tonight, they can start using them tomorrow!"
"Internal preparation is necessary before we will be mature enough to succeed in really using the opportunities a loving union with another fellow being offers."
"A while back I made these buffalo chicken enchiladas. I love that whole wheat tortillas were used in the making of this dish."
"*exhale*"
"Having four little girls in the house means a lot of my time in the mornings is taken up with doing their hair. Some days it's a curse, some days it's fun. Some days I feel like tearing my own hair out in frustration. The three big girls have long hair, really long hair and it gets knotty, really knotty. The thing is though they love having cute hair do's. They put in their orders, and I try and do the best I can."
"They are now in Brussels where Roodt had dinner with Jared Taylor, leader of American Renaissance, and with Filip de Winter, leader of the “Vlaams Belang’ party in Belgium. Roodt said that during a previous meeting with De Winter in 2006, he held the opinion that ‘South Africa belonged to the Afrikaner’."
"According to Linda Vegh, “…At the rapture, those who are in Christ (dead or living) will be changed into new glorified, immortal bodies and then we are “caught up” into the air to meet the Lord. ” The problem with this belief is that Biblical proof is there… but only if verses and passages are taken and used out of context. These religions have a long history of twisting facts and verses to suit their needs, and demonize any who do not see it their way. One blaring example that is only recently being looked at closely and critically by an ever-growing number of open-minded spiritual people, centers on an alleged “truth” that turns out to be a falsehood. Numerous ministers over the centuries have tirelessly used specific verses, out of context from the Old Testament, and claim they are prophecies of a coming Christ. Isaiah 7:14 is claimed to predict Jesus’ birth, several centuries later, and yet, in context, has absolutely nothing to do with Jesus’ birth and instead foretells the coming of Isaiah’s own son to a “barren” or “chaste” women. … because of the original language, another variation is “virgin”, as in has not been with a man or has not in a long time, as in the case of Isaiah’s wife."
"The concert is jointly organized by Launch Entertainment and Contents Storage Group."
"I see me then."
"Within my cell, in solitude,"
"CBA goals met? Partly"
"With Fil-Ams vowing to see her through the finals and Jessica’s exceptional talent, we might just see a Pinay become the next American Idol!"
"My girls absolutely love every detail from the handmade flower to the bakers twine shoe bows, but I think its a bit ugly - without being sure it is in the \"pretty ugly\" category. Maybe its the mismatched eyeballs or the idea that mummy wrappings would ever come in 80's pink and lime green, whatever is up with this card it has left me a bit unsettled and wondering who I could give it to. Perhaps a frienemy?"
"What is more unethical? Denying screening? Denying treatment? Or needing any of coverage or eligibilities in the first place?"
"If there’s one thing that I really enjoy doing, it’s finding ways to cut costs without cutting quality. I try to do this as often as I can, and in as many areas of my life as possible. I don’t always succeed, of course, and there are plenty of times when paying more for something ends up better in the long run. But there are still plenty of areas in which I can simplify and apply a frugal philosophy without cutting an ounce of quality from what I have or how I live."
"There’s a certain narrative out there that history moves in only one direction, that progress is inexorable, that we’re so enlightened today (even that human nature has changed), whereas in ages past humanity lived in unspeakable darkness and ignorance. That’s incorrect."
"Burridge play mid-table Hare & Hounds in their penultimate game of the season, knowing a win cannot alter their position of fourth in the senior division of the Drew Smith Southampton League."
"I am totally in love with Drew Barrymore ads for Cover Girl... they are chic, clean and modern...beautiful styling, make up, hair and I love this color palette...it took me back to a necklace I created for the lastes Beadalon catalog where I played with the same colors."
"There are moments when this novel comes back to haunt me in a pleasant sort of way. The characters are still alive inside my mind and I remember their tragic beauty with great fondness. I also still love how it feels like it has a supernatural current in its depths, but it’s not at all a"
"and let the seals watch me"
"Remove outer tough stalks of fennel, slice very thinly, saving and chopping fronds."
"They prayed both day and night."
"140g sugar"
"Thurs 4:10-6:00 pm"
"Year of internship: 2008"
"Lo and behold, I was dilated to 2 cm! With Renae and Sammy, I never dilated until labor began so this was pretty encouraging. With that in mind, and the fact that this was my 3rd baby and my chance of having a normal vaginal birth was high, I decided to go with an induction the next day."
"The failed harvests exacerbated what was already a catastrophe. Somalia is the theatre for a brutal war between the transitional government, backed by western nations and supported by African Union troops, and armed opposition groups, most notably al-Shabaab. It is this war, combined with the internecine rivalries of the various Somali clans, that has kept independent international assistance away from many communities. The Somali people are trapped between various forces trying to weaken their opponents. There is virtually no access to healthcare in vast tracts of land across the country."
"I understand you don't want to pay for the book out of your own money to be able to get a copy to me, but truely understand this I spent a long time reading, illustrating interior art and designing the cover ... that to me is time that I could have spent on working on other projects/covers. There was this company who was willing to give you advances so you could be able to provide payments straight away (according to your own email), what happened there?! If it fell over than, a simple email explaining this could have helped, in fact at any point if you had of simply contacted me explained that you couldn't send a copy or sales were low I would understand. I currently have a contract with another publisher who pays me per sales of books percentage commission, the economics are very tough, there is no doubt, so the sales on that book are low, and I can happily accept that all payments would be put on hold until the accumilate to $20 dollars."
"Threads - to match the cotton fabrics from Ditto."
"* While some of these are Great Movies, most are simply my personal favorites, the movies I enjoy watching again and again. No pretentions here."
"Trayvon Martin, is the unarmed black teen, who died after being shot by a community-watch captain with white and Hispanic parents, George Zimmerman, in Sanford, Fla., sparking a wave of outrage long after the incident."
"Last but not least, here is an example of using placemats as art. All these by Finn Style need is a frame!"
"A safe place to be me."
"from her room (where she was sent!)"
"\"They are questioning our leaders and their capabilities. They are feeling disillusioned,\" said research director Andrea Kraushaar."
"That's what I don't want to do."
"Thank you, Penelope Cruz, for wearing blue. I love blue, and she looks great in this dress that is an absolute classic. The dress has volume without overwhelming her, and her jewelry is understated while still adding enough sparkle to the look."
"\"No, that's not what I knocked on your door for\", I replied angrily: \"I've come here to find out what you're going to do about it.\""
"Not equal, as their sex not equal seemed;"
"I’ve been wearing glasses ever since I could remember. Way back when I was rocking the Voltron set and having little nerd-rage-gasms over how the Black Ranger had such lame Zords (the Red Ranger had a T-REX, Black Ranger had an ELEPHANT?). Having specs for most of my life, I have encompassed one of if not all of these roles at a time, whether they were accurate or not."
"After a good break to Taiwan, I'm back to face reality. We were on a Free & Easy holiday, that means alot of prep work to be done, from booking of plane tickets, itinerary and accommodation. And just a week before our departure, DD1 developed a high fever of 40.4C. With her fever, I kept her home and she had to miss 2 papers of her final year examinations. I just couldn't take any risk since she wasn't in a good state of mind to take her exam, might as well keep her home. However, I was taking another risk, worried that she might not end up in the top class since her final year exam results will be computed based on her mid-year exam. The first thing I reached Singapore was to text the teacher to find out her results :P I'm thankful she maintained her standard and will be going to the better class next year, but on the other hand, I fear she might not be able to catch up in the \"elite\" class. Being a dawdler, she needs to put in more effort to improve her attitude in learning. I can only wish for the best."
"* Release poisonous/toxic self-talk. Do you find yourself repeatedly defining yourself in limiting ways? Do you find yourself being overly critical and judgmental of your actions and your overall state of being? What we consistently tell ourselves about ourselves becomes a self fulfilling prophecy. It’s wise to be very aware and discerning of what we believe we are capable of. We make this our truth. Why not create a new story that reflects the beauty, purity and worthiness of our spirit? We have that daily option. We deserve this. Each of us can begin right now. We can shift those old, limiting stories into bright, expansive stories that honor our spirit and allow for the success that is ever-present and always awaits us."
"RECOMMENDATION: If you like spoof movies, OR like the 80s — this is a good one. Better than your average spoof-genre comedy. Dominique Swain’s spazzed out freakout episodes were awesome."
"This band, consisting of Scott (lead vocals and guitar), Staz (piano and vocals) and Luke (beatboxing and vocals) gave an enthusiastic performance which was very well-received by the audience. Their beatboxing which featured in the backing track, and their indie-style fashion sense, made them different to the average boy band. Their song “Light Up The Sky” can be seen on their Youtube channel here."
"Don't know if I can just choose one Tilda as my favorite, but I think she's in the running for it...LOL. Hey, how about you...do you have one very very very favorite Tilda?"
"So that's a look at my life these days and how I'm feeling. I'm surprised I've settled in so well, but I think I knew what to expect and was well-prepared for the experience. Granted, not everything is sunshine and roses, but usually I just feel crappy after teaching a horrible lesson. I'd like to cook more, as I feel like I'm eating only a few different meals over the course of a week, but I think I'm better at getting fruits - at least through juices, plus bananas a few times a week. Anyway - thoughts? Comments? Questions? Concerns?"
"Yet, skeptics note that the eco, a common currency designed to be issued by the West African Economic and Monetary Union is now rescheduled to be issued in July 2009, after failing to materialize through earlier efforts."
"This guy must have lost his mind. Why in the world would he post something like this??"
"For anyone interested in life in a vibration different from our own, be it in past or future, this book is well worth reading."
"Detroit was the nation’s fourth largest city in the 1950s—The Motor City: rich, prosperous, and growing."
"Ink: None"
"Over on another side, there’s the political lobby. An equally passionate, deeply confronting approach focussed on vaccine safety, environmental triggers, systemic societal issues, the exposition of shocking instances of abuse and neglect. These guys, in my mind, hold up a mirror for us (whether we want to look or not), and create a lot of very necessary"
"Last week on Twitter, I found a wonderful hashtagged discussion: #writeadvice, where you tweeted the best writing advice you'd ever been given. Many tweets were made and much advice was given. Here are some gems for your perusal:"
"I was reading an article recently on food cravings, which was very interesting, as I have often wondered why there are some foods we desire more than others and the reasons why."
"As attractive as the building exteriors are, you can see some evidence from the masonry that these were amateurs and trainees, not experienced stonemasons. The CCC did hire \"local experienced men\" (LEMs) to supervise masonry and construction work and to train the boys in the skills. (Their hiring also helped quell fear in local communities that crews of CCC boys would steal jobs from local people during these recession years). On arrival at the CCC camps, the boys typically had no relevant job skills. By the time they left the CCC they could get work in the private sector doing stonework, or carpentry, or auto mechanics or cooks or whatever."
"Yes, I agree union workers do get paid nicely for very little work (the majority of the time)."
"And rock a cane (which I need to take a pic of) to preserve my right leg from any more damage."
"The Edinburgh Fringe, this year, seems determined to become a laughing stock world-wide, not just in Britain."
"The alien space robot says we are the Narren. We don’t come in peace. We’ve come to exploit your world and we’re taking over, see? Okay–and it turns on the kleig lights and its obviously camera-like appendages (manufactured specially for the occasion so the chimps running the world will recognize the function of them)–you have fifteen seconds to formally surrender in front of the cameras. And he does."
"7 Facts about me:"
"My own book links (on the right sidebar and elsewhere) point to Amazon. I'm not removing those links yet because it would be very tedious to take them all down and put them back up if Amazon does the right thing-- which I very much hope they will do, quickly. But I will ask that if you do buy my books, please buy them from BN.com or elsewhere in the meantime."
"*Challenges: FTL172; ColourQ105"
"“Our government is the first government in a long time that has actually cared about the environment,” she responded."
"In (Part 1) of this blog, we talked about the experience you receive when you go to a restaurant for lunch."
"But, even with the limited time, I pause to enter this post to say one thing: what a relief it is, and a joy, to know the writing I am doing has this powerful a pull on me. To know that, even when it has to wait its turn, it is strong enough to leave me pacing and craving the work. Relentless: that’s the nickname of the motorcycle race coming up in Northern Ireland this month. I like that, as it fits the relentlessness of this urge I have to get this story down."
"Its not as though, the returns these Institutions achieve are even very good, even without the deductions they make to line their own pockets. Panorama reported that nearly all of the Fund Managers charged with investing these vast sums – and who are themselves often paid in millions not thousands of pounds – fail to meet their own benchmarks! Workers would often have been better off just putting their money into a simple Tracker Fund that matched the returns of the various Stock and Bond markets!"
"Because there are no chupacabras in the restroom, she is relaxed and at one. This glaring absence of chupacabras makes it easy to open the door and walk in and even to be alone in there. They simply don’t exist, you see. And let’s say they did…"
"furry buds afterwards. the downside: i have to plant it outside in the spring so it won't get to stay in my entrance forever. it's probably better that way, it will most definitely have a longer life."
"I Know it wasn't easy for Rene to know that I had moved on. She still maintains that she loves me dearly, and doesn't wish to let go. Yet, that is not what her actions say. Her actions suggested a deep level of shame for what we had become together. I think anyone that saw the ABC special could see that, except of course, her. It became too hard to live with myself, knowing I had done this to her. I felt like a complete coward and wanted to just, run away. Hide..."
"Someone bought me a drink and I started talking about my agonizing trip, saying something like, \"Oh, man, it was horrible, I was on the train for 18 hours in a raging blizzard,\" and so on. Some other people join us and I get handed another beer, and I have to retell the story for the newcomers: \"Yeah, man, I was on the train for 20 hours and I didn't think I'd ever get here,\" et cetera. Another beer and suddenly my ride lasted 21 hours. By this time I was feeling pretty good and it showed, if you know what I mean. The impromptu party soon retired upstairs where this one guy broke out a cooler of beer, and of course, I had another one and my trip was now up to 22 hours, and so on and so on all through the night! I don't recall how conscious I was of my ever-expanding fish tale; I don't think I was deliberately exaggerating in order to get more beer, but I might have. Regardless, it was just what I needed, so I didn't care."
"It is one thing to dislike a person's appearance, or even to call out an insult to demonstrate that dislike, but Romney attacked this young man, and encouraged others to assist him in the boy's humiliation."
"I have mixed emotions about the start to this book. As I’ve already mentioned I very much enjoyed the characters and the voice of the protagonist. But as much as I was enjoying it, it took me a little while to get into the story. We’re presented with a huge case of insta-love right from the start. Lucas, the mysterious and hot new neighbor, comes on strong. I’m pretty sure they start making out on their second or third meeting! I’m warning you now. There’s not a lot of rationalization for the insta-love…you won’t really understand the reasons until the end of the book. Which is why, in retrospect, I kinda like that I had to wait for all of the info to be revealed."
"negative influence on the movement. Positive in that their early records and militaristic image were particularly influential on Hardcore and negative in that many of their original fans felt deeply betrayed by the direction their records took in their attempt to break America."
"Your active contribution to the process doesn’t have to amount to much at all. In one of the previous systems we had, the employee was required to evaluate themselves in about two dozen categories, including skills that seemed irrelevant to financial document analysis, like hopscotch and clay modeling. You had to come up with several sentences on each topic, then pick a number between one and six to rate yourself (one being “peak performer,” but secretly also the percentage of your increase). Objectivity was encouraged, so you had people admitting they let their sister’s boyfriend borrow the company helicopter, just to lend a ring of truth so that the rest of their self-promoting answers sounded plausible."
"Electrocorp also offers air purifiers specifically designed for soldering applications, including a tabletop unit with an intake hood and a smoke particle filter as well as an activated charcoal filter."
".two party system"
"Comics – 48 (564)"
"In vian thy Kate awaits thy comin'!"
"- 1 cup flour"
"As polls in recent years show, a majority of Israelis supports a two-state solution. And for good pragmatic reason: Israelis see a Palestinian state as an existential necessity for Israel itself, a means of preserving their country's Jewish majority and democratic identity."
"He still hasn't reached Johan-like velocity. For now, Santana still has short term goals to reach. And I have a hunch Johan will be challenging himself tonight. He has only made to the fifth inning in each of his two starts. That has to do with pitch-count also. But obviously, the aim will be for him to join-up with the rest of the rotation in reaching the sixth inning. So I'm merely saying we are not out of the woods yet. There's always the not-so-remote possibility he can over-extend himself."
"3/4 c chicken broth OR water"
"“In our home, I encourage teamwork. We’re not just a family, we’re a team,” Jill Sparhawk Lamaide said."
"But the CQC, which said 'systemic failings' had led to 'persistently high mortality rates', has ordered in a taskforce from the regulator Monitor to push through improvements, saying it has lost confidence in management's ability to do so."
"In doing so, they set the music world on fire. And jazz just had another category to fit into its part of that world."
"Louis Gerstner started his working in life with McKinsey & Company in 1965, joined American Express as their Head of Travel related Services Group in 1977 and accepted the CEO’s position of RJR Nabisco in 1989. Let’s see what CIOs and general management can learn from this icon of modern business and technology. (In no particular order):"
"Stainless steel: Rs 20,000-45,000"
"“The branding room is over there.”"
"No other trail in the Greensboro Watershed comes close to having as many power-line crossings as the Blue Heron Trail. I counted eight of them in all. As a consequence, the 3.25-mile, multi-use trail is a series of alternating experiences of bright sun and dark woods, lake views and open field. Along the way, the trail meanders over slightly rolling terrain, and mountain bikers will enjoy the numerous gullies that intersect the path, offering precipitous dips and rises."
"Need help with a room? Sometimes a mood board is all you need to jump start the process. For more information go here."
"Dinner w/ the Mundys - September 26"
"It’s almost Cinco de Mayo, and I’m sharing a twist on the classic margarita: a beergarita! And being the professional and thoughtful food blogger that I am, I have tried it and am sharing the recipe before the big day so you can get your supplies, make your drink and be sipping it while everyone else is at the liquor store this weekend."
"The highlight, of course, was connecting with writer-friend-people. I tried hard to meet everyone \"on my list,\" so thanks to everyone for being so nice. Hanging with my roomie, Tamara, till the wee hours was icing on the cake. We ran into fellow-attendee (and my former boot camp partner from last year) Susan at the airport and shared the flight home to Sunny AZ. Just more time to talk about conference and writing!"
"Example: Craig James: “Ed Orgeron ought to be ashamed of the way he’s lead Ole Miss. Orgeron should resign immediately!” You: “Craig, if you don’t like your job, you don’t strike: you just go in every day and do it really half-assed. That’s the American way.”"
"I’ll go one further and say that all the Consensus Takers and Zachriels and their ilk are the ones who do not understand. Socks don’t understand why they go in pairs, and steaks don’t understand why they’re sizzling. They are entirely acted on by external forces and have no say in the results. This is the madness: these are people who, while still drawing breath, have laid aside the ability to choose their path. They neither swim with nor against the tide – neither join nor jump the queue. That’s why their solution to disagreement is simply to abrogate it, and make the dissenter simply go along to get along. They can’t agree to disagree, because they aren’t truly capable of either of those mental activities. They can only check if the response matches that of units like themselves."
"CONFERENCE COSTS"
"We get to join the club! Ann Marie and Michael are going to be parents and that makes us Grand-parents. I have heard it is the most wonderful thing to have grandchildren. We are thrilled beyond thrilled."
"There and back again!"
"Though the Bengalis proved themselves to be equally, if not more, patriotic than the West Pakistanis during the 65 war with India, yet the state of mutual confidence between the two left more to be desired. By 1971 the relations deteriorated further and irreversibly. The last straw that broke the proverbial camel’s back was Bhutto’s rejection of 1970 election results which had given Shaikh Mujib ur Rehman’s Awami League a clear cut majority to form the government at the centre."
"At some point in the past decade or more, breweries realized that they could get a hold of used bourbon barrels, opening a new vista of possibilities. After all, what goes better with beer than bourbon? You could sell boilermakers in a bottle or subtly flavor your imperial stout with the essence of whiskey. I have tasted some magnificent bourbon-barreled beer (an early offering by Widmer stands out in my memory). Alas, I've now tasted a mediocre one."
"Is calm, itself is summer and night, itself"
"When a wound becomes infected, it no longer heals. Each day, the subject must roll under his fortitude, or the infection grows worse."
"I love this jacket--100% cotton, already lightly sequined (meaning: begging for more sequins and beads), very flattering on--it looks better on me than it does on Ricë, and I don't know why--there's something about it when you put it on over jeans and move around in it--I guess the sparkliness or something. Anyway, I fell in love with it, never mind that I need another colorful jacket like I need a hole in my head. Good grief, do I have a lot of coats and jackets. I justify this by pointing out that I'm always cold."
"Oh the irony. haha"
"From “A Class Act”"
"For more information visit:"
"Joey is trained by the army to be a cavalry mount, and doesn't like it one bit. \"Gone was the gentle snaffle bit that I was so used to,\" he complains, \"and in its place was an uncomfortable, cumbersome barbed bit that pinched the corners of my mouth and infuriated me beyond belief.\""
"It is proving quite good for the wallet."
"Frozen At The Moment of Death"
"Although the Koran decries murder and urges mercy in general, mercy is not to be extended to those who stand in the way of Islam’s domination."
"Kids can be so lucky — Wouldn’t it be great if we could convert all our ‘NO’s into a ‘YES’?"
"“Basically, the family members step into the shoes of the deployed service member and can exercise the same custody rights that their service member had been granted under the order,”according to Mark R. Alberts, a principal with Gentile, Horoho & Avalli in Pittsburgh and chair of the Allegheny County Bar Association’s family law section."
"Today I resolve to do better. To stop judging people based on their choices and instead start loving them based on their worth."
"2 responsible"
"-We have the resources to provide financially for a child"
"Ink: Palette Noir"
"The sad reality is that as the number of healthy, young children coming into China's orphanages has declined, waiting families have often migrated to China's Special Needs and Special Focus program. Orphanages have responded to this increased interest by inventing creative means for obtaining children to satisfy this new demand. The following article focuses on one well-known orphanage, but evidence shows that this program is wide-spread (see related links at the conclusion of this article)."
"eatin' eatin' eatin' away at my personal time. yup. so, I was"
"\"We need to move from where we are in the interest of good governance and this piece of legislation will help us in this regard. As we implement, we will sort out any problems that may arise. We will learn by doing,\" said the minister."
"At its core, FB is a connector, a platform for connecting, networking and relationship building, both at personal and professional levels. That is where the draw is for businesses to reach out to people through FB. Earlier, personal and professional spaces were clearly defined and segregated. With FB, that line no longer exists. A company can pitch its products and services right to you and in your face and that too very quickly. Now, that is immense power and reach, if you have something to sell."
"I would love another homebirth, but if I have to have another birth in the hosptial I'm ok with that. I know a lot more now than I did back then, I know my rights, I know the system. Hospital is not my first choice, but it is a choice and it is there if I need it."
"The conference provides an open, congenial and serious atmosphere for sharing research and investigation of G. I. Gurdjieff’s legacy. The conference seeks to keep the study of the teachings of Gurdjieff relevant to global, scientific, spiritual and sociological developments. This gathering is open to all serious students of All & Everything and is not under the auspices or sponsorship of any ‘Gurdjieff Group’ or umbrella organization. The conference is not intended to be a ‘Group Work Event’ and thus does not include Work on Movements or Exercises that are related to personal or group Work."
"Is it kind is something that we covered already and that one of the most important things we can do is share the truth in a loving way. We need to make sure we are saying the kindest possible things to and about people. Kindness does not make a mess of anything but is a wonderful sweet treat."
"I've stated on numerous occasions that I don't believe in inspiration. Inspiration is just a good idea. And I'm perfectly capable of having ideas on my own. Which I do. But the best ideas always seem to come out of the blue and have little or nothing to do with what's been on my mind. It does make one think that one isn't completely in control of the process. And the fact is that we—i.e. the conscious we—aren't at least not nearly as much as we’d like to think we are."
"I work in the Creative Production Studio on Beauty, Home, Designers, Auto, Garden, Style and Stationery. I’m also part of the Type Team which handles all things font related. If I’m lucky and have time, I get to play in Fontographer to modify fonts."
"Answer on How can you stop someone from posting on your wall on facebook?"
"Sometimes I’ll be writing for so long that I start missing things. Plenty of times I’ve come across missed words or even half a sentence that suddenly stops short. I think I’ve written it but I haven’t. Oddly enough, I still remember what words are missing and stare at the page as if someone has stolen them, thinking `I’m sure I wrote that sentence. Where is it?’"
"Apparently the tree had been calling to be freed from this twisted burden, so off we went with clippers and saw and chompers to take care of business. Some of these vines reach up to the top of the canopy a hundred feet in the air. At the base, the vines are as big as my wrist. We take great pleasure in the effort it takes to free the trees from the vines. It’s a team activity. Though one person could do it, it’s more fun with two. There is a lot of heaving and ho-ing and yanking and putting all your body weight into attempting to drag the vine from the tree. Usually the vine wins, but man, when that sucker starts to give, and if you can dance the vine around the tree Maypole-like to get a bit more freedom and then drag on it some more and the whole convoluted bundle comes cascading down it is a real sense of victory. A vertical tug of war with nature. Many a sweaty afternoon has been spent in this pastime and many a vine has lost to our efforts.There is virtue in separating the entanglements that constrict growth, equally useful when applied in an introspective way to my internal life."
"(She then drew a picture of a tulip)"
"This journey of transformation has no road map. It’s calling us to turn within and activate our intuition, our inner compass, our inner guide. For when we access our inner GPS, we are guided along every step of our journey and shown where we need to be and what we need to do. The answers are within."
"“Which? That thing with the bully, or-”"
"We'd also forgotten \"The Professor\"'s TV work, including a North Coast Cable-based show \"Sports 101\" that was apparently seen nationally in the 1990s. (North Coast Cable was the original Cleveland-based cable system, which is today's Cleveland arm of Time Warner Cable, passing through Cablevision and Adelphia along the way.)"
"Aaron Horwitz, 24, New York, N.Y."
"Mister please go easy, oh"
"This exhibition will be held at the Northwest African American Museum (Which has an amazing history of it’s own). Located at 2300 South Massachusetts St. Seattle, Washington 98144. October 29, 2011-May 6, 2012."
"4. Be Quiet"
"Tailored is the ONLY place online where brides can find and collect inspiration, browse wedding products hand-selected just for them, create lists of their favorite finds, and share their picks with family and friends, all in one place - an online bridal resource to discover, shop, share!"
"It’s that unbounded awareness subjectively,"
"I have come the conclusion that I need a life. I have too much time on my hands. Life is too simple and quiet. I need to be busy to get through the mourning period. I certainly know what I don’t need."
"First of all, meet Rosie! She's a lab that someone dropped off at the office a couple of months ago. Dad's workers named her, and she is the sweetest little ol' thing! Seriously, she's one of the most kind, friendly dogs I've ever seen. I love her so much that I tried to take her home with me. After a few nights of hearing her cry, I brought her back to the office. She just loves it here, so she's now our Girdley Flying Service/Girdley Brothers Farm dog. Look at her sweet face....."
"After hearing all Alex had to say and looking over his beautiful land some of us sat and had a picnic in perfect weather, in a perfect setting."
"E is for everyone who never doubts his skill"
"“If not you, no one,” the magician answered. “You are my last chance.” “"
"been about 20 years old."
"We shall see how this transpires eh?"
"She knocks"
"The hotel was designed in the Romanesque Revival style that had been popularized by Louisiana-born Boston architect H. H. Richardson. Hallmarks of the style include heavy, rough-finished stonework, squat columns, and broad, low, and massive archways."
"A regiment can only charge an enemy that was in LOS at the start of its activation. A regiment can only shoot using Archery if the target is within its LOS and it is not completely obstructed. Other regiments and terrain such as woods and hills block LOS, while shallow terrain like rivers do not."
"My A-B Inbev boycott starts right now."
"In addition to those revelations, new evidence photos have emerged: More than 2,000 rounds of ammunition and scores of grenade parts and fuse assemblies are seen in evidence photos that were just turned over to Congress. According to Attkisson’s report, officials had taken Kingery into custody in 2010 — long before Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was murdered with a Fast and Furious-supplied gun — after having caught him trying to transport that ammunition and those grenade parts and fuse assemblies into Mexico hidden inside the spare tire of the SUV he was travelling in."
"But they never tell me what I did."
"bad poetry, written some time last week. and here’s the thing, though: i no longer am confused. i guess taking oneself out of the equation sometimes solves … safe to say, a lot of things."
"Although Loni thinks he's too grown up for these books, I think"
"GLVKZ Blog (glvkzblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time."
"Nintendo did something similar with its 3DS reveal two years ago. Though the publisher revealed the system and showcased a variety of games, more specific launch plans, including a firm release date, price and even launch line-up, were not announced until just months before the portable debuted."
"the final"
"of shadows lore."
"The first little project is this Fancy Favor Box with the script paper from Attic Boutique adhered behind the front and also on the inside back. I cut a hole with one of the Labels Framelits so that when I decide what buttons, brads and/or ribbon to include as their gift (likely something from the new catalog), it will be displayed. I typically update their SU! color rings with the new In Colors (and provide them to new members), so I will definitely include the new 2012-2014 colors. I saw the rolled paper roses on Pinterest, but I apologize that since the poster had not linked to the original post, but to flickr instead (which when clicked shows pictures of postage stamps on flickr) I don't know \"from whence they came :). I think my guests will love how easy they are! The Pool Party and So Saffron mimic the roses on the designer series paper though I used River Rock for my leaves and just sponged them in Soft Suede. I added some dazzling details glitter glue to the edges for shine."
"By the way - for all of you ladies with severe endo like I have - you have to try cataflam. It works amazingly well. Of course, if you are sensitive to NSAIDS like I am you will think you are having a heart attack when the acid reflux kicks in, so you have to pick your poison. Hence the alcohol. I'd rather deal with the wine hangover than the severe chest pain for days."
"According to the indictment, the two brought the women to the Rosen Music Studio, a karaoke bar in Chalan Laulau, and forced them to provide sexual services to customers for a fee. Most, if not all, of the commercial sexual acts were performed, however, outside the karaoke bar, the indictment states. Lin allegedly provided Rosen Music Studio with women in exchange for a portion of the proceeds."
"Ribbon: Renaissance By Design"
"have made over on the blog, they are absolutely beautiful,"
"“I’m in the back doing the wash, son!”"
"Thanks, David, for your efforts. Everyone else, how will you use the information and join the conversation - what will you do to be more transparent?"
"The fucked up truth"
"I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to become directed by this consciousness as fear. I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to accept for others as myself a world directed by this consciousness as fear."
"What are your block breakers?"
"Nuclear experts noted that other lethal radioactive isotopes would also be released in such a fire, but that the focus is on cesium-137 because it easily volatilizes and spreads pervasively, as it did during the Chernobyl accident and again after the disaster at Fukushima Daiichi last year."
"I fired off some frames anyway. I’m glad I did."
"Shooting Mode Aperture-Priority AE"
"Will I be pretty? What talents will I possess? Will I struggle or triumph? Will I be loved?"
"Some of our Edison Club members join so that they have a great space to hold important meetings. Others need a space that allows them to focus on their tasks and not get distracted by the multitude of options in their home “office.”"
"Hop, skip, jump for joy!"
"Lets, skip right past the tiny, slick, revealing, outfits they wear, I mean who thought up that kind of punishment. You can't tell me they don't have a wedgie 90% of the time."
"In the USA, patents can be held unenforceable if the applicant did not deal candidly with the patent examiner. This is a doctrine similar to the principle of ‘unclean hands’."
"The endless and noisy chorus, the rustle and clank of muskets, (even"
"“We will challenge the decision in the high court. We will definitely appeal in the higher court,” Mr Laxman’s counsel Ajay Digpaul told reporters after the pronouncement of the sentence."
"Later when I came to make my commitment to enter the narrow gate, the Holy Spirit made me aware that I had been resisting Him all my adult life, and that I was still resisting Him, explicitly, because I did not wish to relinquish control of my life to Him. However, when I made my commitment to follow Jesus at a Life in the Spirit Seminar, I did it as part of the process of receiving the Baptism in the Holy Spirit, and as the Spirit overtly manifested Himself to me during the seminar all my resistance broke down and I gave my self totally to Him to lead and guide me along the strait path."
"PH wins first Olympic gold in synchronized texting;"
"Yeah, whatever. Anyway, I say that God is just the one creative process in heaven that is speaking the world out there into being, into form, by using language. God is the one word that language forms as a word symbolizing the creative function that uses the rest of language to form the world into being."
"Grease a 9x13 pan with margarine or spray well with pan spray.In a large pan, slowly melt the margarine over low heat. Add the marshmallows and stir constantly until they have completely melted in with the margarine. Remove from heat. Stir in cinnamon and vanilla. Add the rice cereal and candy corn. Stir until well coated. Spread margarine on your hands and press into the pan lightly until even in the pan. Chill, then cut into squares."
"Not surprisingly, since her disappearance, «numerous» communications from individuals claiming to have seen the child in different parts of Spain have been made. Nor this is the first time that Malaga appears on that map. Another source that we've consulted said that months ago another information that also placed the girl in Axarquia was discarded."
"Anyway I want people to pick a large brewery or corporation that owns a lot of breweries. There are many to chose from. Give thanks to them for something they have done. Maybe they produce a beer you do actually like. Maybe they do great things for the cause of beer in general even if their beer is bland and tasteless but enjoyed by millions every day.Well, I am grateful for the big brewers. Those who own multiple brands, put out more beer than Africa has water. I am grateful that they taught me what bad beer tastes like, how marketing programs can revolve around a false sense of what beer should taste like (\"ice-cold\", \"triple-hopped\") and how to get scantily clad women in every commercial. As for all of these fun and exciting lessons that they taught me, I do feel that Anheuser-Busch get some things right."
"Health program manager Khalil Rasjed Dale, 60, was kidnapped by suspected militants on January 5 when he was on his way from work in a car marked with International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) emblems. The British national was kidnapped about 200 meters (650 yards) from an ICRC residence in Quetta, the provincial capital of Balochistan which borders Afghanistan."
"“We want to make sure we’re running it as efficiently as possible with limited resources,” Cline said. The report should be completed by February."
"My all time favorite thing about traveling is finding my way around new cities. I prefer to walk around and get lost and then find my way back again. It is the best way to get to know a city. Another great way to see the city and to cover more ground is by utilizing the public transportation system."
"A good tape recorder is essential. I once listened to someone sob their heart out over a failed relationship. At one level I wanted to stop and hug her, at the other I knew what she was telling me would make terrific copy so didn’t want her to stop. When she’d finished and recovered herself, I discovered my tape had broken, so I had to ask her to repeat the whole story which, to her eternal credit, she did."
"After a quick break from all that excitement, we spread out into the pool for some more exercises. Most of the kids clung tight to their partner, but a few took off underwater and surprised us! Going back and forth from one side of the pool to the other, we practiced kicking, arm strokes, floating, and bobbing to “pop goes the weasel.” I had the pleasure of working with Leyci, a tough, sassy little girl I never expected to be so afraid of the water. Letting her cling tight when she wanted to, it was incredible to see over the course of an hour that she could finally loosen her grip, laugh, and have fun!"
"I was pretty stoked try my own recipe (I took a crazy amount of notes) and I know that I want to try to tweak this until I get it perfect, the unknown of what it will taste like and the subsequent experimentation is truly exciting."
"Question we, as a society – need to ask: Can a woman falsely accuse and willingly create havoc in the lives of her husband and her in-laws? If the answer is yes, then where is the recourse for men from such situations? One cannot – as Ms. Ramanan – suggests in her rebuttal to Mens Rights Activists, ignore such problems of men, as miniscule. That would be unconstitutional. If we as a society agree, that in a marriage, a woman can commit domestic violence upon men, then we need the law to address such scenarios. But the PWDVA excludes men from getting any remedy. Feminists and even the Hon’ble Supreme Court in its wisdom agreed to the feminist – erroneously albeit – theory that the Constitution allows under article 15(3) for creation of “special provisions” for women. But ‘special provisions’must not mean that men are left ‘remedy-less’ of crimes and scenarios wherein they can be victims too. Such a construct would be wrong as pointed out by the Hon’ble Supreme Court in Marwah vs Marwah."
"And that attention is the key. When you enter the room, your rank as boyfriend immediately challenges the crazy fuck up’s hold on full attention. And therefore, you are a threat. Oh she’ll buddy up to you, but she just comes off as icky. And worse, you feel kind of negatively towards your new girlfriend because you can’t believe she’s so inspired and so close with such a crazy fuck up. It feels almost like your girlfriend was describing Oprah to you and instead you met a down and out, heroin addicted Courtney Love. You just look at your date and think, “What the fuck is the matter with you?”"
"As we know, there’s nothing magic about using language really well and children can learn to do so: that’s why many of us run writing workshops. I think it’s essential that those teachers involved with creative writing classes should also write themselves from time to time."
"Okay, I started the coffee brewing. If I was going to fit everything in, I had to walk my dogs right away. I was in my pajamas. The dogs didn’t mind. We took the path through the field to the logging road, then crossed Fox Lake Road to Cotter’s trail. We walked the half-mile down to the cabin, then circled around by the pole barns, then on the trail through the woods to the new Murray place, and back out to Fox Lake Road to head back to my house."
"The primary goal of diabetics is to stabilize their blood glucose level. Many diabetics find this very hard to do alone, so they need medication to help them. The consequences of leaving diabetes to continue uncontrolled are dire, yet many people do not want to take medication for the rest of their lives. The purpose of this article is to show diabetics and those at risk of diabetes, how to avoid medication as a diabetic, yet still live long, healthy lives."
"1/4 t onion powder"
"Label: HORO"
"We found out that I’m at WAR by taking a short trip from home and turning on the flat screen television in our hotel room. (By not having television in our home, we are happily unaware of the latest political WARs of words and concepts.)"
"Of all of those, I think dressing up as the Fairy Princess was my absolute favorite, because I made my own crown and wand, and did my own make-up for the very first time. When I look back at the picture I didn't look that great at all (let's face it, who does when they have sweats on under their costume, and I had so much blush on it looks like I'm wearing lipstick on my cheeks), but that day I felt beautiful and had a ton of fun!"
"which is spring. There's something about nature rebuilding herself that I love; a reminder that darkness does eventually pass, and the rebirth of sunshine and warmer days are the perfect symbolism for spiritual regrowth. The most beautiful days I've ever experienced have been born on the heels of an ugly rainstorm. The air is crisp, and just smells cleaner."
"After first adding a \"crumb coat\" of frosting and letting that set in the fridge for a bit, I added another layer of frosting to the top only, and smoothed it out as well as I could with an offset spatula. Then I piped on a basketweave design on the sides of the cake."
"The Declaration of Independence is the first of two source documents upon which our nation was founded. This document puts forward the concepts of individual sovereignty and freedom from ruler-ship of all kinds. The Declaration of Independence was a statement adopted by the Continental Congress on July 4, 1776, which announced that the thirteen American colonies, then at war with Great Britain, regarded themselves as independent states, and no longer a part of the British Empire. John Adams put forth a resolution earlier in the year which made a formal declaration inevitable. A committee was assembled to draft the formal declaration, to be ready when congress voted on independence. Adams persuaded the committee to select Thomas Jefferson to compose the original draft of the document, which congress would edit to produce the final version. The Declaration was ultimately a formal explanation of why Congress had voted on July 2 to declare independence from Great Britain, more than a year after the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War. The Independence Day of the United States of America is celebrated on July 4, the day Congress approved the wording of the Declaration."
"Space is available for advertisement in my sidebar. Your ad will show up on any page---my home page and on individual blog posts. I prefer the 125x125px size, but if you have a different sized banner, feel free to ask me about it."
"The whole Brazil has a tropical climate, therefore hot, humid and rainy during the whole year. Inside the Amazon jungle the percent of humidity never descend from 100% and Belem almost in the line of the Ecuador, its in the entire world the city where rainy s more."
"The elites cannot face that immigrants might want to take revenge on us. Our pretense that they are harmless undervalues their humanity and leads our rulers into dangerous absurdities like police chiefs alerting community leaders before they raid for terrorists or explosives!"
"GLOB - GLOB specializes in botanically crafted paints made from fruits, vegetables, flowers and spices with natural food-grade ingredients and organic extracts. GLOB arts and crafts products are sourced from natural, recyclable and biodegradable materials."
"The plot. Well. At it’s core it’s just two old dudes having a tiff and by the end of it you just kinda want Otacon to cart Snake into a retirement home and be done with it. I kind of get why Snake was made in to this old geezer, to give the game a sense of finality as it is said to be the last MGS, but at the same time, I kind of don’t. Couldn’t they just roll with FOXDIE and use that as the reason why Snake doesn’t have long to live? Or was Ocelot too old for a younger Snake to beat the living crap out of? And why did the bosses have to be these fucking gorgeous women? I’m not really complaining, but I had to shake my head at the second stage of the fight: they just saunter up to you and try to hug you. And you’re supposed to, what, blast them with an auto shotgun? Right. Or you can just run away, a very hilarious concept, from the stunning women wearing skin-tight high-tech bodysuits that show off their mesmerizing curves and wait for the fight to teleport to a white room where if you take your camera out, these babes start posing for you. Then stuff your friend’s Ps3 hard drive with risqué photos for three minutes and you insta win. I honestly thought the Cobra Unit, which was just about the only thing that I felt was bad about MGS3, was kind of shit but the Beauty and Beast Corps take the cake."
"He said the rebels took five civilians — Vicente Bunal, Jolly Paimalan, Elmer Entes, Rhyan Banua and Pablo Butay – as human shields but later released them."
"in technicolor"
"You know how when you accidentally trip you glance around to see who saw you fall?"
"Summer is the time to catch up on reading (and help kids stay on an educational path when school is out!) while on vacation, at the beach, at the park or even laying on a hammock in your back yard! But after you have read all your books, wouldn't it be nice to swap them out for a new stash? Thredup, the amazing online clothing swap site is offering just that this summer with their new Summer Book Swap program:"
"No, I see nothing wrong with this."
"If you choose to sell, you might set a date for a yard sale. Or, take some photos of these items with your digital camera, and put them up for sale at an online auction Web site."
"“We’re just waiting for Michael and the others.”"
"\"I am seventy two years old.\" He spread out the fingers of his hands and smiled again, while we stood with our jaws dropped."
"Glance at stuff on desk hoping for inspiration!"
"7. Do you have family?"
"4. Angelique"
"Anyway, my sister has done that now, too. However, she’s grown up and engaged so there’s no real shock factor there. But, it means I don’t have to do it now, right?"
"Today, in the midst of Paris Fashion Week, the W Opera Hotel - the brand new branch of the global W hotel brand - opened in Paris. Set in a Haussmannian building overlooking the gilded Palais Garnier opera house, the hotel boasts 191 rooms including 20 suites and two Extreme Wow Suites (that's W language for seriously swanky presidential suites)."
"Back in the 50s, Disney published called \"Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse Club Magazine\". Disney story artist Bill Peet wrote and illustrated these articles about the history of train travel for the magazine."
"The share then dropped back, and found an upward support line, which fell on 31.00p. A bounce was to be expected, and a bounce is what happened. It could either have hit the uptrending resistance, or gone on to reach a Fibonacci figure. I guessed it would stop on the 38.2% Fib earlier in the week, so i sold out at 32.40p, which also happened to be exactly the upward trend resistance, to make 8%. £40 profit."
"The immediate focus this month will be the sale of modules produced in April. There is likely to be two new characters that will start producing modules. This should push concurrent Tech2 module production capabilities to around 45 (450 units per batch uninterrupted). To assist with logistics an addition character will start transporting goods by freighter. A racial freighter skill book and second freighter will be purchased – the freighter probably June. Lastly additional Tech2 module BPOs will be purchased that extend from the most recent BPO set obtained."
"By nature, I am an open book. I have not learned to maintain privacy. Instead, I have learned to stifle my personal outpouring of information. The current landscape of writing tells me I have made a foolish mistake, because these days, all that truly matters in gauging your skill as a writer is how many published works you have and how many hits your blog gets per day."
"Let say if the Perbadanan Kelantan is led by a person of in-law to Chua Soi Lek, and he sponsors Datuk Chua for a vacation to Italy (coz I really want to go to Rome) worht RM60 000. And plus, he uses the money for gambling. Will you say it is a corruption?"
"Skinner’s house is a classic center hall Colonial, built around 1720 in a coastal New England village. She and her husband – who is an expert builder and finish carpenter, saints be praised – have worked on restoring the house from its sad-sack tumbledown state to its present condition over the last 15 years. As anyone who has taken on the massive renovation of a historic house will tell you, such a project needs to be a labor of love. Otherwise you would be wiser to spend a few weeks with a sledgehammer and a couple of dumpsters, gut the thing, build out the interior with a whole bunch of 2 x 4s and sheet rock (don’t forget the 20-foot square spa bathroom!) and just call it a day. Oh, and then you can take the thousands of dollars and countless weekends you saved yourself and go to St. Barths, preferably during a long New England winter."
"Eliza (age 5) is earning money to buy a vending machine to put into my husband's store. After she pays that off, she'll probably save up her tickets for specific toys she wants, or TV watching privileges or something. I don't know quite what yet."
"And now we have Slim Chance, Redhook's entry into the low-cal sweepstakes. It's not the first craft-brewed light beer, nor even the first light ale. Hell, it's not even the first low-cal Redhook ale (Sunrye tips the scale at just six more calories than Slim Chance). It is, transparently, a market-driven lunge toward sales."
"This first card uses another adorable image from MadeByJanet on Etsy. I paired it with a sentiment stamp from Papertrey Ink for what I thought would be a fun friendship or birthday card, or maybe even an out-of-the-ordinary Valentine!"
"Until this situation has corrected its self I have removed the blog roll widget from my blog. It's not like I get a ton of comments anyway but to have my page display as if I have cooties is just down right wrong. I've never had cooties, fleas maybe but never cooties."
"What was great about this class was that it looked at what we do for leisure and how the activity of gaming impacts life. Like it or not what we do at work is not the only thing that matters. Play is important."
"During this stage, a stroller might be no different from a car seat, and being tossed into the air by a proud papa might very well be flying. This means that we are in essence dreamers, right from the beginning, born into a dream world as our natural environment for learning. At this stage, anything seems possible (and plausible) because context is non-existent. This is very similar to the premise Aldous Huxley put forth in his book The Doors of Perception, referring to the infant mind as the “Mind at Large”, effectively a super-intelligence innate in us all that must be unlearned or filtered in order to function in our real world."
"So many of my friends have a carload of children. Going to the movies these days is costly, nothing like how it used to be. Dinner and a movie is not even a cheap date now, it all adds up. Did you know it does not have to be a fortune anymore for you and your family to enjoy a movie???"
"Well, I shut them up. And yesterday, I began to feel ready. Ready for change, ready for turning leaves, ready for the next adventure."
"So, when this loose behavior I throw off"
"Moonblood Draws Near, and Soon the Dragons Will Wake"
"One provision of the bill would expand programs and research for the benefit of U.S. vets and establish medical centers “designed to address the medical needs of descendants of the veterans of the Vietnam era.” This creates a presumption that certain birth defects that children and grandchildren of exposed victims suffer would be considered the result of contact with Agent Orange."
"Without getting into the pros and cons of Brewery Tap Contracts here, it must be said that owner and Chef Mark Mills is doing all he can to bring a range of good beer to his country clientele. In what can be described as a fruitful partnership with Lion Nathan’s Paul Mitchem, The Plough has a commercial tap arrangement with the big brewer which sees everything from Boag’s Draught and Beck’s to James Squire Pilsner and Hahn White rotating through taps that once saw just two mainstream brands poured."
"The Concord Raiders signed Leinart to some one-year contract on Tuesday, providing them with two former Heisman Trophy those who win from Los Angeles at quarterback."
"Cause things are gonna change so fast"
"First, preheat the oven to 350F and line two baking sheets with parchment paper. With an electric mixer, make the cookie dough by beating the butter, brown & granulated sugar until smooth. Beat in the egg and vanilla until it is well blended and light. If using a mixer, scrape down the sides of the bowl periodically."
"“Better guests,” they chant. “Party, party, party, party!”"
"Did you know the AFA offers various certification programs to its members, such as Fence Installation School, Certified Installer Programs and Automated Gate Operator Installer Programs? Not only does AFA offer week-long classroom and field-based modules, the Association is committed to training teachers on a regional level so other chapters can provide the same modules to members on a local level. These programs are the highest professional certifications you can receive in the industry, and are a great way to elevate your company and team to a level well above the competition. You can view the different certifications and classes involved on the education portion of the AFA website. Classes and scholarship opportunities are also available to nonmembers."
"To be frank, this Machiavellian marketing seems the stuff of urban legend. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not against being duped into believing myself thinner – and will quite happily pay for the privilege. I’ve just yet to squeeze myself into an apocryphal 10. If anything, I think the high street has adopted a certain NAMA-like quality – a belt-tightening, pinch-inducing inability to make ends meet. It’s the classic example of ‘why give an inch, if it’s going to cost in fabric?’"
"I sort of exclaimed to Suzanne that I had just seen a Coyote, and then I immediately asked: \"What was I saying, just now?\""
"17 - Taylor Swift - White Horses"
"WORD."
"Here is my layout for prompt #3:"
"\"Sure,\" said Mike. He squinted at the phone. \"You just have to push something.\""
"Friends come and friends go, but a true friend sticks by you like family. (Proverbs 18:24 MSG)"
"Like fuel to a piston"
"A critical problem that may arise is that not all broadband plans are the same, and service providers will overload networks in order to maximize their profits. Therefore, it’s very important that you give much attention to the reliability aspect along with the costing. Some providers may even offer a free trial or a month money back guarantee."
"and rescued her."
"One million pull tabs end to end would stretch 16.75 miles. A million pull tabs calculates to about 789.27 pounds. A million of anything is something to celebrate, and we thank you, Lee Middle School, Derby Middle School, Ms. Cline, and your wonderful children for this amazing feat!"
"Eggs Kurosawa"
"\"That's an ugly hippototamus,\" Tom said hypocritically."
"On a more somber note, another highlight for us was going to pay our respects at the World Trade Centre Memorial Site. The 911 Memorial was so amazing to see and experience whilst in the USA and after meeting many Americans who have talked about and shared their experience of that day with us. As we walked along the memorial I said some of the names silently to myself to remember those who died on that terrible day, we also spent a lot of time in the preview center where they told stories of the survivors, the emergency staff and unfortunately, of those who had perished. It felt so close to home and we were both very touched by the experience. Even whilst we were there people shared their experiences with us. This is something I will definitely never forget. I would also encourage everyone to go there to be educated on the destruction that was, and see how it has been rebuilt in such a respectful way."
"He also thanked the members of the International Contact Group and the Third Party Facilitator for their constructive role in the conduct of the talks."
"The classic sleuthing technique is to identify who had the means, the opportunity, and the motive to commit the crime. There was a small cabal in the United States who had a burning desire for a terrorist attack. Known as “The Vulcans” (in honor of the Roman God, not the Star Trek race), they were neo-conservatives, pro Israel-expansionism, capitalist purists with oil connections. All held positions in the Reagan/Papa Bush administrations. Their names are familiar: Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Condoleeza Rice, Richard Perle, Paul Wolfowitz, Colin Powell."
"The Holy Bible (New International Version) 1978."
"To whom it may concern;"
"Is there a ‘hard target’ IQ number at which people who fall under it are simply just too dumb to realize that this has been precision timed to run right up into the gut of the presidential election???"
"This photo is so \"behind the scene\" LOL!"
"Independents are extremely disgusted with both parties, giving the Republicans a 69% disapproval rating and the Democrats a 66% one."
"www.sangivane.com"
"Several years ago, after a frustrating series of flats, I went in search of a more puncture resistant tire. A Kevlar slick was recommended to me. I tried it, though I was skeptical of how much traction a tire with no tread would provide."
"Prepare the fruit by washing and cutting into 2cm pieces"
"He said the suspect would appear in court \"soon\"."
"\"Uhh...what do you need the...er....IT......for?\""
"We certainly believe that the “holy ones” are initially on earth in order to be harassed by the conspicuous horn. But the point is this harassment continues up until the point where the “holy ones” receive the kingdom. In the context of that prophecy, the manner in which they receive the kingdom is not described. If one were to refer to verse 13, again it would indicate that they would receive the kingdom in the same manner Christ did, in a heavenly setting. But I do not insist on this interpretation sticking just within the bounds of this prophecy, because it is not explicit as to how they receive the kingdom."
"I found a lot more action, suspense, romance and even loss in this book. There isn't a page in this book that you don't feel someway connected to the story as if that is what you're going through at a moment in time or perhaps even while your reading."
"Why me? Why?? Is this a French thing, or a me thing? I'm dying to know. I seriously do like these people, but everyone has an off day now & again. This was mine. Ahhh.. the French. If you didn't love them so much, you'd hate them on days like these lol."
"The fear may exists in my heart, but the story of fear is not there,"
"My sweet boys are in new pastures! I have been planning the additions for quite some time and the fence company was able to come out the first week in May. These pictures are from a morning when they were investigating one section for the first time. I was so excited to put them out, that I didn't groom them first. Consequently, there are three muddy geldings in these photos and video."
"That's right, you found me out. I'm a big Star Trek nerd. I heart Star Trek. And while I usually avoid graphic-printed tees because I think they often seem sloppy and juvenile (um... see last photograph), I give in when it comes to Star Trek-themed shirts. Which leads me to this little conundrum..."
"If it turns out to be another c-section, I still don't expect to feel"
"Yes, you read that right. If you're still dying to get more bits of Small wisdom, check out what I do when I start to feel the blogging blues. Here's a teaser:"
"I feel like every post on this blog has been about my ex-boyfriend and this makes me look like such a pathetic person and I promise I’m a lot cooler than this under normal circumstances."
"Too many of our youth coaches are worried more about results than player development. Creativity, imagination and individual skill on the ball (all key components to success in the final third) are consistently downplayed in favor of fitness, speed and power."
"We're in a strange limbo today. When the sailing was hard and fast, and we needed to concentrate on staying upright and not getting hurtled across the cabin, Australia still seemed far away. But today, as we ghost along in flat seas, and we can calculate that we have less than 100 miles to go of our 7500 mile, seven month, six country journey it feels like we're ready to be done."
"Jeremiah J. Ahern, 74, Cliffside Park, N.J."
"The winds keep coming here in Boise, and I know they might damage my tall irises. I could go out right now and cut down those tall stalks so that nothing bad happens in a storm. But I would also cut off all possibility of joy I receive from those irises when they bloom. By alleviating all possibility of harm to my irises, I would also nix all possibility of joy."
"When the juice reaches the third vat, it boils and starts to change color. The workers monitor the changes and when it is ready, the use a large scoop to transfer it to next vat through another filter. It goes through a few more vats until the end when it has changed from a watery gray to the final desired thick caramel texture and color."
"Two months ago I wrote about trust from the perspective of parents trusting their children. There is another side of trust: children trusting their parents. If you feel like it's hard to trust your children think about what it's like to be a child. Children are completely dependent on the adults in their life. If your child doesn't trust you they don't have the option of grounding you or punishing you or creating consequences for your behavior. It's daunting to think of all the different areas of life, all the little things, all the possible ways that we can betray our child's trust. And if we screw that up it will affect our child's relationships for a long time, possibly for the rest of their life. Are you worthy of your child's trust?"
"There is, to the best of my knowledge, no way to sack a politician, unless they commit a criminal act, and I’m not even sure about that as they tend to resign anyway. True, their party can withdraw the whip if they transgress politically, at which point they can defect to the other side, become an independent, or apply for Stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds, which is the way MPs resign. But you can’t say, here’s your P45, don’t let the door hit you in the arse."
"Well , glad that's over and not all in a bad way."
"And then you have the gall to claim that Obama demonizes them?"
"I’m ashamedly no expert on this veteran metal band’s discography, but my current perception is that Anthrax’s heavy-thrash legacy is no less potent than their strongest efforts with this comeback album (their first in 8 years), and the return of singer Joey Belladonna proves the new(/old) Anthrax to be powerful competition against the modern metal world. Mind your bones when moshing."
"\"Intimate with the base of the Cross is the Cor Sacrum. Attracted by which (in similar form, but insignificant in comparison) are the two smaller hearts of Faith and Hope."
"I taught Entrelac to a group of adventurous knitters, including the fabulous Doreen who told me that mastering the technique was on her bucket list. I think by the end of the day she had it crossed off!"
"No Cadillac. Oh shit. What if they got off the highway somewhere? They could have gotten off the road and then back on, and now they’re coming up behind me somewhere. Fuck."
"Infertility helped to make me the parent I am today and in a warped kind of way I am so eternally grateful for that."
"RIP, pretty pretty purple fake Converses. I miss you!"
"Ostensibly a dystopia, though we'll remain spoiler-free, the tale is set in recent-past England, and it's a typical look at lost love and wistful childhood memories that abound in other films about the English being bad at love: Atonement springs immediately to mind, with the same country manor setting for a love triangle that goes on for the characters' entire lives. Though another Ishiguro adaptation, Remains of the Day, is also very similar."
"Elysian Brewing Company Night Owl Pumpkin Ale"
"In my previous Korea CP, I got one of Holika’s much raved about Egg Soaps, and since then, they’ve expanded the range of egg soaps to include green tea, red clay and charcoal. Naturally I felt compelled to get the set, as it came with the UV Magic Shielf Body Spray Sunscreen. I’ve been actively seeking to brighten and even out my skintone, hence I was also conned into getting the Snow White Intensive Serum by the very friendly SA.. lol.."
"However, I'm no longer deluding myself into thinking that we could use our camping gear for any kind of long term, rugged emergency situtation. I'll have to consider that and make up a new plan. In the meantime, I am grateful that although I came by this knowledge the hard way, the only thing that was lost is replaceable. We feel so blessed that the people we love most were safe and in the end we were all reunited. After it was all over my mom said to me, \"Why would God let this happen to us?\" but all I can feel is gratitude that He protected us all when it did."
"The rest of the day dragged on. I don’t hate my job, but my heart just isn’t into it. I have a plan- in Soon I will start classes to get my certificate as a Nutritional Therapy Practitioner. I am so excited! I finally came to realize that this is what I wanted to do sometime last year. I was really struggling trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life. I have a masters in nonprofit leadership, and I work for a nonprofit right now doing fundraising. While I wouldn’t change a thing about my journey to get where I am, I realized that I just wasn’t fulfilled. And I didn’t really have a desire to take the next step up in the fundraising world. Reading about nutrition, food policy, cooking, and the like was and still is something I spend a majority of my free time doing. In fact (and I am admitting full on nerdom saying this), 90% of the books I have read in the last 3 years have been about food in some way."
"3. Alessandro Vercelli, Oana M Mereuta, MD; Diego Garbossa, MD; Giuseppe Muraca; Katia Mareschi; Deborah Rustichelli; Ivana Ferrero; Letizia Mazzini, MD; Enrico Madon, MD; Franca Fagioli, MD Human mesenchymal stem cell transplantation extends survival, improves motor performance and decreases neuroinflammation in mouse model of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis"
"Robert Cecil was Secretary of State as well as Leader of the House of Commons, and made earnest efforts to regulate the private lives of citizens into a neat and tidy pattern. His paternal policy was one that has often since led to disaster. He tried to enforce economy by law; it was 'most necessary' to insist on coarser bread, and thinner beer, and fewer ale-houses, and 'opening hours' for them; they must be closed at least one day a week (as in the modern 'Six Day Licence') and then, so he argued, people would grow more food. Sheep-grazing was also wrong, and must be replaced by crops of hemp and corn; though as he added, 'in these last few wet years', their deaths might as reasonably be blamed on the weather. Cecil's piety failed to convince some of the M.P.s that men should be 'compelled by penalties', as one complained, to grow the regulation amounts of wheat and hemp, etc."
"Together with the leg leather-based trolley suitcase courses are looked after over at 18."
"I live in Henryville, IN."
"Can't believe we are on week #7 !!!"
"Recently the media has been full of talk about peace and ceasefires. However one group has not given the slightest indication that they are willing to end the vicious campaign which they have been waging for years and which their very existence depends upon. The group in question is of course the Irish rich."
"Those who say “they could have voted BNP” are fooling themselves. The BNP have never yet found a means of disproving the media lies about them. In fact, in many ways despite the herculean efforts of many activists, too many BNP members (and their leaders) have done everything in their power to prove the liars right"
"Re CAMHS referral fiasco: D’s GP phoned virtually as soon as I was out of D’s school. She hadn’t received the fax sent on Monday (!) and has asked that I take a copy to the surgery on Monday! We had a brief conversation and I think she took on board the fact that three months have been wasted and that D’s anxieties and meltdowns are NOT caused by shyness as the silly missing letter suggests. We’ll talk again once she’s had the letter."
"There is an awful lot of running up and down corridors, but that is to be expected."
"Find a way to do you PLEASE! And Hurry up cause we're"
"One can argue that—like so many men—Nietzsche perhaps feels more comfortable expressing his romantic desires to a woman, than to one of his masculine peers. However, it is easily just as likely that this could simply be a case of Nietzsche minding his audience, and that (for all we know) he has some ulterior motive for the divergent viewpoints he expresses in the two correspondences. Whichever the case, the fact that the philosopher is overall quite open in relating his apprehension about not wanting to settle down with any woman, is by all accounts a consistent theme in his communications:"
"We won fair and square. And by over 300 points. Boo YA!"
"Little known facts about shag carpet and bubble juice."
"You see, I'm stressed. June - August was an overwhelmingly CRAZY (with capital letters and many exclamation marks) time for me, and if you know me, I can honestly handle a large amount of stress. So when I say I am overwhelmed, you know the anxiety is at a deliriously inappropriate level :P So I do a various number of things when I am feeling stressed. The list kind of goes like this:"
"Alexis"
"Love always, Elisa"
"1 conflict"
"It is important to note that Commonwealth citizens had the right of entry to the UK and the same rights as British citizens when here. The difference is few came until after the Second war. The British Nationality Act of 1948 did not give them that right but codified it."
"And cue Fred MacMurray as a superhero –"
"“A person is counted as part of the labor force if they have a job or have looked for one in the last four weeks. Only about 64% of Americans over the age of 16 currently fall into that category, according to the Labor Department. That’s the lowest labor force participation rate since 1984.”"
"Sex divorced from love is an empty, dehumanizing experience. Breasts become weapons of war, not love. They don’t carry the milk of life. They are filled with silicon. Death."
"Written in a modern and experimental style, this poetry compilation by Sofia M. Starnes contemplates the aesthetics of faith. Often drawing from Bible stories, this collection indirectly alludes to Christian themes and creates extended metaphors that spill from one poem to another. Filled with passionately physical imagery, this is Starnes’s quest for spiritual union with the Trinity."
"I've been seeing some tweets regarding a pre-game show featuring The Watchmen before the first tilt for the revitalized Winnipeg Jets. Watchmen drummer and Winnipeg Biz guy Stefano Grande have been in touch concerning the festivities, we'll see what transpires. Maybe Danny singing the anthem? I'd like to see Danny on skates. Make sure you get him a good helmet if he goes anywhere near the ice."
"Mr Méniére is a qualified medical doctor who underwent some military training in France. Rumours are that the couple are survival experts and also members of a cult known as the Ramtha School of Enlightenment. According to the latest reports they are presumably hiding in the koppies and kloofs of the hilly Karoo Hoogland veld. The couple have South African citizenship but are of French origin and speak with heavy French accents."
"In any case, the point is: I'm having a paperback contest. Those of you interested in receiving a signed copy of the paperback should leave, in the comment box, your definition of what dance is. Two winners will be selected from among the participants, and the two winning definitions will be featured on my blog."
"I added 3 jingle bells inside the head (well surrounded by batting and tightly sewn in), so it makes a soft jingly sound that's not annoying. (The not-annoying part is very important to this migraine-prone mama!) I'm not thrilled with the placement of the handle, so I may still rip that out and resew it. We'll see. I'm pretty tired of sewing at this point, so I may just leave it."
"Clementina has a BA in History of Art, a National Diploma (Ceramics) and a National Higher Diploma (Ceramics). She has taken part in Ceramic Art London for the past seven years and has participated in CSA Regional and National exhibitions receiving an award at the 2010 National Exhibition. In 2011 her work was selected at the Gyeonggi Biennale in Korea."
"Some people call it \"leading a straight-edge lifestyle,\" I just think I have no desire to try it."
"MOST EXCITING NEW SERIES"
"We believe in the K.I.S.S. theory. Keep. It. Simple. Stupid. So below are the commonly asked questions about “what we do.”"
"Aside from producing and DJ on his own, Diplo is one-half of the duo Major Lazer with London DJ Switch. He is also the owner of the Mad Decent record label, which is home to numerous moombahton artists."
"Ryan Braun gave 110% in his first career three home run game last night at Petco Park."
"The child is in elementary school and already knows about hooking a reader. Is that unusual? I'm tempted to say no. Most children, if left to their own abandon, often create spot-on, highly descriptive pictures of an imaginary world. So, what happens to these voices? What happens to one's song? How does it get stifled or, worse, extinguished? Is it one person who undermines our natural ability to express? Or is it a combination of negative experiences?"
"I mentioned the weed issue… well… through no real fault of anyone, and largely because last Summer was so insanely busy, the back corner of the yard (more like the back right QUARTER) became completely overgrown. Like… unpassable. So last Wednesday, I also managed to adhere to one of my resolutions, and did some house improvement work by tearing that shit down. It was hard, and it was hot, and I may have dulled the blades on the lawn mower, but I have to say I’m pretty pleased at the result."
"I read the latest romantic suspense novel by Nora Roberts called The Witness and a self-help book entitled How to Get Your Mojo Back: Realistic Health for Busy Women by Dr Ginni Mansberg. I’ll be talking/ranting about these books in upcoming posts."
"2/22/11 From The Lord, Our God and Savior - A Letter Given to Timothy, For All Those Who Have Ears to Hear"
"God Bless and encourage someone today."
"There ya go!"
"And into the past."
"The cazadores didn’t know that they will be the last Spaniards ever to surrender in the islands. These guys believed the war was still on and so they stubbornly held their ground until an old newspaper finally convinced the last Spanish captain that the sun has finally set on the Spanish Empire. Most Cazadores were from poor families, drafted to fight a war no one else didn’t want to wage. Their courage and gallantry became legendary back in their homeland. An old Spanish film directed by Antonio Román called “Las Ultimos Filipinos” was based on a radio drama script and two novels, “El Fuerte de Baler” and “Los Héroes de Baler”. Recently, a Filipino movie was created with the siege as the background of the love story. There was no Filipino in the unit, Rosales’ character was not based on any of the soldiers."
"Coastal Scents Shadow worx eye primer (applied to upper lid, blending in gently with ring finger)"
"After we finished digging it all out, we raked it all even, and then sprayed a heavy coat of roundup on it. After waiting 30 minutes (taking a lunch break), we laid down wet newspaper (to further deter growth - thanks for the idea Janelle!), put the border/paver's down, and then put the rocks on top of the newspaper."
"DA MP Dianne Kohler Barnard said: “The absolute top structure (of SAPS) had sworn to us on stacks of Bibles that a system was in place. Now you mean there’s no system?"
"Burntwood say they offered a new agreement but negotiations have stalled. However building managers claim that Burntwood could raise the rent and price out shop owners."
"After I realized that this was going to become a habit, I stuck some felt furniture pads on the bottom so it wouldn't scuff the floor as she was dragging it."
"You'll hear about it next time."
"So - we rented out a large room at the zoo. There wasn't a whole lot of decor to work with, and I was on strict orders by David NOT to go too crazy...for my sanity's sake. I complied with David's wishes and, I have to admit - the evening was really enjoyable."
"Little fish rain down from the sky."
"Enfys: For my card this week I used two of my favourite things - the Sundae of Seasons butterflies, and my Cricut expression - I used the new cartridge Elegant Edges for the flower shape and the big scallop edge (which looks black in the photo, but is a very dark brown). I cut the butterflies out twice and popped them for dimension, and added drops of liquid pearls. I twisted the antennae out of wire"
"Niceties and uncommitted replies that do not fully grasp were given instead,"
"As the years passed, I made it a point to wear my contacts as much as possible."
"From the shenanigans in the boardroom (initiated by the departure of David Dein) to the fact that our beloved, but ancient, assistant manager embarrassingly still takes the warm up (whilst forgetting the ‘spirit & character’ that got him his 1971 double winners’ medals)."
"I pulled into a small side parking lot and snapped a few pictures of the outside of the building - wondering if perhaps I was too early to find them open. (Given later events in the trip, the colossal irony of this now nearly knocks me out of my chair.) The door was indeed open and I entered to find the place empty save a barman and a fellow working in the kitchen (Initially I didn’t see the back of the plant where the bottling line was chugging away mightily.) I hopped onto a stool at the bar and over the usual pleasantries the barman supplied me with a beer list and a menu. I pondered the options, perhaps too long, and settled on a pint of their Ball Park Brown and I ordered bowl of a meat soup that really turned out to be more of a stew that might easily have crossed the table in your mom’s kitchen. The Ball Park Brown presented a dark brown with a thin beige head and a thin mouth feel. It tasted a tad sour, not unlike some manifestations of Old World’s Dark Knight Porter (ah, I love the unpredictability of microbrews, don’t you?)"
"#4, #5, #6: \"Create a calming space\" leads to \"less stress\" leads to \"more time to relax.\""
"Add flour, mix well."
"Ah yes – the dummy has had a boob job and a makeover – she now has one of my bras stuffed with Bob’s boxer shorts and a couple of towels to make her more my measurements…bless."
"My term of service was extended thanks to Fidel Castro and Nikita Krushchev who thought it was a dandy idea to install missiles in Cuba. John F. Kennedy disagreed. I waited patiently while they all changed their underwear and I was ultimately allowed to go home."
"Our timing for an unobstructed view of the house and garage was impeccable because seconds, not minutes, after I took this photo the home owner, or someone visiting the home owner, drove up and parked in the driveway. Which made me wonder what is it like living in a house where tourists come to gawk at your garage probably every day of the year?"
"With the above in mind, my topic this month is Beer Redemption.I am not afraid to say that I am not a fan of Magic Hat. Pre-sell out, post-sell out, whatever. I have told this to bartenders, friends, random people and even their sales rep. Some of their beer to me, just isn't very good. Some of it is downright awful. Sure it isn't a disgusting macro light lager, but #9 isn't a beer that I order at the bar."
"Hope you enjoy them."
"green multi-faceted bead"
"There is evidence that a strong mother-son bond prevents delinquency in adolescence. And though it has been long established that teenagers who have good communication with their parents are more likely to resist negative peer pressure, new research shows that it is a boy’s mother who is the most influential when it comes to risky behavior, not only with alcohol and drugs but also in preventing both early and unprotected sex."
"Mayall: (Laughs) With shit? There is the possibility. We’ve done vomit now, excrement is quite wide open."
"Serena"
"Years ago, I used to make very intricate and complicated jewelry using glass seed beeds. Someday I'll find some photos to share with you. I didn't start out wanting to make jewelry or even thinking of having a business."
"Since you already know the story of me running like a headless chicken, cooking only once or twice a week, spending time with my handsome 1.7 MV pelletron at work for 16-18 hrs and stay like a dead log next day, leaves me unable to generate anything decent to present here. On other hand leaving this virtual place unattended thro which, I got connected virtually with beautiful people around the world, left me pondering. There is no life when I live my days without human connections."
"First, the MCAC has yet to be set up but more importantly, it’s structure, appointment of top officials and the nitty gritty of it’s expanded powers has yet to be clarified. Who cares if the MCAC has 20,000 or even 100,000 officers if it is not given adequate powers nor sufficiently transparent. For that matter, it isn’t even clear what sort of a Parliamentary Committee the MCAC would be reporting to. As a matter of good governance such a Parliamentary Committee should include members of the Opposition as well."
"6. Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. —Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina (1877; trans. Constance Garnett)"
"Hey Julian,"
"1/2 Prince is definitely something to check on. It’s a manga based on an online game, gender-bender. I feel that this manga is compatible with reader from 13 – 15 years old, well it’s different from each person and what you prefer. This manga is funny, and creative and reminds you of many games. The game based manga is very alike the games we play these days. It’s really unique and the whole system. But unfortunately there isn’t many editors, scanners and translators so the release of the manga with English translate takes some times. Well I can’t help them out since if got seriously 0% knowledge with it, but if I could I would definitely join and help them. Between this manga is recommended for those who likes gender-bender and games. Also some love included."
"We originally used baby socks the girls had grown out of. Our girls have grown (as children do) and so have the number of times they bump a head, slam a finger or have a belly ache. We have since moved onto adult sized socks. We just made a new Boo Boo Sock because our youngest is in the \"me too\" phase. So if Lu needs Boo Boo Sock so does Em. We keep ours in the freezer."
"Other research advances around this time included work showing that giving aspirin as soon as possible following ischaemic stroke led to a small reduction in related deaths and dependency and studies showing that transient ischaemic attacks (TIAs), or mini-strokes, were often precursors of full-blown strokes and shown be treated accordingly. Various studies, culminating in a Cochrane systematic review in 2005, found that discharging patients early from hospital and providing home-based rehabilitation improved outcomes."
"Man City – WWWLD"
"But now your love is like poison to me."
"As the construct of my sentences reflects, the hottest thing about these women is their brains. Their penchant for tech. But being easy on the eyes doesn't hurt either."
"Pauline is an eternal optimist. She shares stories of optimism on her website and features videos of how she has triumphed over the things that are challenges for someone without arms or legs. She has learned how to feed herself, use the computer and even drive! She doesn’t believe in the word “can’t.” Her website, Small Victories, is a place for those who feel down or are in need of inspiration to come and read and share stories of success. She currently serves as a motivational speaker and a source for inspiration for those with disabilities, and recently Pauline collaborated with author Les Brown to feature her story in his book, Fight For Your Dreams"
"Now, if you make that one simple change, what follows? What would the physics and the chemistry be like, in this new framework? Before I started writing I put a lot of work into fleshing out those details, so I could predict exactly how light would behave, how matter would behave, and what kinds of technology would or wouldn't be possible. The result is a combination of novelty and consistency that really appeals to me: there are a lot of very strange aspects to this universe, but they're not just an arbitrary collection of weird phenomena, they all flow directly from a single premise. \""
"About 5,000 protesters gathered at central Rabin Square in Tel Aviv on Saturday evening in the largest demonstration held since last summer."
"you have made"
"the beauty in everything else."
"Designed by Gallery experts to facilitate learning, enrichment, enjoyment, and exploration, NGA Images features more than 20,000 open access digital images, up to 3,000 pixels each, available free of charge for download and use."
"Why are there children in the worship service? Doesn't your church have a special children's program for them?"
"8. Like a Hurricane – 8:20"
"Its been a slow week with not a lot to say but thought I'd pipe in for a long-time favorite post - Way Back When-esday with Cheryl at Twinfatuation!"
"Which brings us to Luke 24:13ff."
"7. Romeo and Juliet"
"But seriously, you're making me blush Rudie. Thank you."
"So now, our group is rallying around Tuesday who was diagnosed with cancer. She's in Stage 4 with Neuroblastoma. She's a very sick little girl and JK is asking for prayers. We're praying Tuesday gets well very soon. We're praying for Tuesday's twin sister, who is missing her sister. We're praying for her older brothers who miss their sister and their parents. And we're praying for JK and her husband to have strength, support and faith to get them through this difficult time."
"One area that every teacher needs to organize is their parent-teacher communication files. Some keep a log, a notebook, a file. I like to use a notebook, but have been toying with different ideas. Today's FREEBIE is a packet of parent-teacher communication printables."
"I wish I was sitting on these Parisian chairs as I wait to resolve my technical issues in transferring to the new French Essence site..."
"Arthur and his knights had to eat their wild boar somewhere. I have a round table in my kitchen, but it wouldn’t seat many knights, and my “siege perilous” is a chair with a wonky leg rather than a magical seat where nobody dares to sit. Anyway, I’ve never seen the Grail appear floating above it in a ray of light… at least not yet."
"WEEK 1 - Gio-centric?"
"You recorded your first album in 20 hours – what are your memories of that recording session…"
"God save Fu Manchu, Moriarty and Dracula,"
"Kano State, where the number of divorcees is cause for concern, the government is acting as matchmaker to help ex-wives and widows find Mr. Right."
"All of these types of \"scenes\" (violence, chase, conversation, dance, -- anything two people do) is fundamentally sexual in nature."
"In marketing terms you cannot buy this kind of coverage & access to media, regardless of your personal stance on Brewdog, EVERYONE is talking about them and they wouldn't have it any other way!"
"Precisely as we predicted many moons ago, the austerity has been …"
"The power of advertisers over television programming stems from the simple fact that they buy and pay for the programs-they are the “patrons” who provide the media subsidy. As such, the media compete for their patronage, developing specialized staff to solicit advertisers and necessarily having to explain how their programs serve advertisers’ needs. The choices of these patrons greatly affect the welfare of the media, and the patrons become what William Evan calls “normative reference organizations,” whose requirements and demands the media must accommodate if they are to succeed."
"Fuck off simpleton you scumbag."
"Last year, I learned a LOT about myself as a person, and about what type of person I wanted to be. I realized that you don't get to decide when you're a grownup...it happens without your permission. I learned to accept that things can't always be perfect, that sometimes you only get one shot at something, and that it's OK to fail. Most importantly, I learned that you are a collection of your behavior, not what you resolve to be or how you think of yourself...but by what you do, what you say, and what you are."
"TXCAI Blog (txcaiblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time."
"In other great news, I finally uploaded a bunch of photos to that digital photo frame I've had for over 2 years. It's sitting in the kitchen corner where I can see it from nearly every angle in the rooms I hang out in. I love seeing those pictures of Brandon, me, Dexter, Winston, and our families. It brings a smile to my face with every silly photo I put on there. Yay me."
"The only thing I didn’t like was the end, it ran over and people had to go and there was no formal Goodbye, or certificate giving or even a photo shoot, which left me a bit lost. Similarly, the translation between the two languages maybe made things take longer and maybe it would have been better to stick to English or German. However, I was so tired at the end all I wanted to do was get back to the Hotel and crash out! Do look at the articles below."
"I love stamping and I love stamps of many different kinds."
"Not only do the stretching aspects of hot yoga appeal to me but so do the meditation aspects. It would be nice to slow down and think about absolutely nothing for a whole hour, you know? Reach that Zen, peaceful enlightened stage that yoga enthusiasts talk about. Of course, I got myself this really cute yoga outfit that I'd like to (finally) wear."
"I hate the choice you didn’t feel you had"
"1. Pineapples, .99/ea. at Newflower (through 12/15/10)"
"maggots and leaves, willows and snow."
"“If you don’t relax, I will fuck you till sunrise, and I still will not have cum.”"
"Green chillies – 3, medium size, medium hot, slit at the stalk’s end half way"
"My mother's style of playing the organ was so much her own that to this day, I have a hard time listening to another church organist during a service. Most of them make lots of mistakes and I cringe. Mom was enough of a perfectionist where that almost never happened. She was an excellent musician."
"WDW Moss to DMC 731 --- am using DMC 3833 (wanted the word Love to be pink/red not green)"
"For a 98- lb. person, it’s an excellent way for me to keep fit and build some strength when we go long distance cycle-touring later, with our pannier weight on cycling vacation trips."
"I'm so addicted to the mystery aspect in any novels. Especially when it comes to murder mysterious. I'm always the person wanting to guess who could be the killer! Venom is exactly what I'm talking about. Cass finds a woman murdered!? She tries to find out who killed her and ends up getting sucked into secret societies and such? Yesss! This is definitely my kind of thing. I'm so down for figuring out who the killer is! I'm kind of hoping the killer is reason #3! LOL!!"
"I’m black. My skin is what I have self-described as \"caramel,\" my eyes are green, and my hair is curly (although these past few years I‘ve been straightening my curls, adding to people's puzzlement). Yet I have been asked countless times by white people, “What are you?”"
"3 months: Just a simple layout to keep track of Hudson's accomplishments at this age. I just loved this piece of calendar pattern paper and thought it was the perfect setting for page about age :)"
"Parks commissioners have dropped an effort to have those who go nude in the parks charged with criminal trespass, The Seattle Times reported. They even said they will ask officials to consider making one of the public beaches clothing optional."
"In my own little world it hardly ever rains"
"I finally got rid of it yesterday after I took a pain pill, and had a nap. (Zen fired ze missiles!)"
"but leftovers after room’s been made"
"The good news is, no-one's started world war 3 (unless I slept through that news bulletin) and I seem to be on the mend at last."
"Guess what? I did a shitty job welding two intake manifolds. I had built a test manifold before this one, to get all my angles and dimensions correct. So I grabbed it out of the bin, and bolted everything back up. Salty fired on the first kick, and ran great for about 2 minutes, holding a perfect idle and taking throttle. Then I heard it stumble and saw a puff from the same exact location! What the hell. I think I'm just cracking what little weld is there as I tighten the nuts to secure it to the head. Two manifolds down. But at least I maybe found my mystery problem?"
"generous agricultural"
"I'll be headed to Bosco's here in Anchorage. They limit you to 5, but I think that's reasonable. I usually drag the wife along to snag double the books. There will be over 40 different ones to choose from. From adult themed to kids comics. I however will not be dressing up."
"For me, only a handful of movies have captured the true spirit of the newsroom, the drudgery, the dilemmas and the dangers that are associated with journalism and the hunt for the elusive scoop. That short list would include “All The President’s Men”, “The Killing Fields”, “Zodiac” and the film that is the subject of this post – “Absence Of Malice”."
"I feel it was their loss."
"West Yorkshire,"
"Padded Butterfly Trim in 3 colors: Bright Pink, Turquoise, & Lime Green"
"Prime Minister"
"Let’s not be fooled into living out this crazy deception but Let us fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen, since what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal."
"Paper - PTI White, True Black, Rustic White, Kraft, Mellon Berry, Dark chocolate CS. PTI Bitty Dot basics patterned paper, SU printed text patterned paper"
"In 2008, Mr Daley feared that the smoking ban, combined with the economic downturn - which saw seven pubs a week closing at its height - would soon spell the end for real ale and pubs in Wales."
"Why am I pulled toward this type of character? I think I have to continually learn the trust lesson. I imagine myself sitting down and discussing life over a cup of Earl Grey tea with a wise woman like Sophie. If I let my imagination go further, I can envision that I might be a woman like Sophie in the future...and maybe a little now. However, at the moment, I'm feeling more like David-cut off and fighting with my own emotional demons- I'm particularly battling with trust issues."
"I would like to forgive what I cannot change;"
"*Stone Lukcy Basartd Ale"
"“Finally! The real story of one of the most bizarre cases in modern crime history. Marilyn Bardsley has nailed it. The movie was Hollywood. The book was…a stretch. After Midnight is the unvarnished truth.”"
"Congrats, please email me your choice of three images and you are invited to be our guest designer for next weeks challenge!"
"sometimes … we just need a little shove"
"Gasp, the nerve! \"She's got the perfect look?\" Honestly, I don't care how full Angelina Jolie's lips are, how many African children she adopts, or how bronzed her skin will become for the film, I firmly believe this role should have gone to a Black woman.Bit racist, but what do you expect from someone who considers Cleopatra to have been an \"African Queen\"? Angelina played a Macedonian in the godawful flick \"Alexander\" - complete with Russian accent - so seems to have some experience for the job. Needs to work on the accent though ..."
"Has your partner ever stolen from you? Or run up debts for you to handle?"
"First lets start with our winner from last week's challenge..."
"Share everything."
"Studio: MGM"
"When the Goldstone Report was published, I immediately said that we had nothing to fear from the point of view of implementing international law – because we are more moderate than the rest of the world, and if those were the standards, we would not be able to do anything to protect ourselves, but neither would the US or NATO or anyone else in Iraq or Afghanistan. And therefore the US and NATO could not allow that report to have a practical impact. Now that Goldstone’s written his article, shifting a little, that’s even more the case."
"The film diligently follows the unbalanced life of one Dawn Davenport: thief, stripper, waitress, single mother, prostitute, abused wife, disfigured super-model, liquid eyeliner addict, and mass murderer."
"long week....lots of things happening. we went to biloxi, mississippi, came home and then had a surprise visit from some of our kids....mr savannah left on wednesday, so there were lots of last minute things to do. it has been hectic."
"BRITNEY SPEARS: Who can forget her very public meltdown/driving with kid on lap/shaved headed moments. General lack of care when with her kids. Love it. So goddamn real and not dissimilar to me."
"It is natural for my son to put his arm around his grandmother. Like his father, he is a comforter. He knows intuitively the right moment to reach for a hand and just hold it, to give a sympathetic smile, to put his arm around someone. It is a gift."
"Love with the devil, She is in love with Lucifer"
"Total: 8 out of 10"
"Now for my questions. Answer them very, very carefully. You will be graded."
"The spectacle of a despotic cleric with antiquated ideas issuing a death warrant for a writer living in another country, and then sending death squads to carry out the edict, changed something in Christopher. It made him understand that a new danger had been unleashed upon the earth, that a new totalizing ideology had stepped into the down-at-heel shoes of Soviet Communism. And when the brute hostility of British and American conservatives (Podhoretz and Krauthammer, Hugh Trevor-Roper and Paul Johnson) joined forces with the appeasement politics of sections of the Western left, and both sides began to offer sympathetic analyses of the assault, his outrage grew. In the eyes of the Right, I was a cultural “traitor” and, in Christopher’s words, an “uppity wog,” and in the opinion of the Left, the People could never be wrong, and the cause of the Oppressed People, a category into which the Islamist opponents of my novel fell, was doubly justified. Voices as diverse as the Pope, the Cardinal of New York, the British Chief Rabbi, and John Berger and Germaine Greer “understood the insult” and failed to be outraged; and Christopher went to war."
"Faux fur is a great way to stay warm and beat the winter style slump and with so many options from vests to collars, stoles and shawls its easy to implement faux fur into any outfit."
"Missions: A commitment to spend 18 months to 2 years full-time preaching the gospel, developing welfare projects, serving as tour guides at church historical sites, or operating game-hunting reserves for wealthy clients."
"* When down into March/April it either confirmed a bear market bottom (2003, 2009) or at least tended to bounce for a few months following declines that had lasted ~6 months (2001, 2008). This is when viewed within the context of a cyclical bear market."
"I hate the anti-Semites, both here and abroad, the folks who respect Hitler and want to finish his work."
"Mugabe's and Mswati's authoritarian actions bear striking similarities, both:-"
"Since time immemorial rockstars are doing stage dives and its a part of the entertainment, some do it for their own experience and some to win crowds. All you have to do is “trust your crowd and take the leap of faith“ ."
"We have found the real, original Benjamin Fulford as of midnight EST March 27, 8AM in Europe; he was being held on a Rothschild-owned yacht off the coast of Monaco. Clone tests were adminsitered and he is indeed the original. However, we know there are a few clones out there and the Cabal might parade him in public as the actual Fulford."
"Before spring break, I completed a mood board for a new client. She wanted the room to reflect her personal style while using the furniture she already owned. A few of the things on the wish list were 1) a lighter paint color 2) a functional office space and desk chair 3) new bedding 4) curtains 5) artwork 6) family photo wall 7) chandelier. All of this was to be done on a strict budget. Honestly, I love challenges like this because I believe that you do not need to spend a fortune to achieve the look you want. My client also had several pretty antiques in the room and wanted to paint one of them a fresh color."
"* Salford Council, which is trimming care spending by 9.9 per cent. It is proposing cutting 87 jobs and requiring some people to make a contribution towards their care;"
"-1/2 cup Salt"
"Here in Sitges, the honeycomb matrices of niches made a really interesting sight, with ladders littered all over the place, and decorated with very bright (but mostly artificial) flowers. A peaceful place to come and connect with those who have passed on."
"No, I did not make it."
"6) Use the power of your spiritual strength to carry you in times of weakness."
"And that he did."
"‘The Stand Your Ground law is one portion of justifiable use of deadly force,’ veteran State Attorney Angela Corey said."
"This morning, producer Bronwyn Hooton told me: “It’s baffling to think that the Edinburgh Fringe – the largest fringe in the world – is censoring the art forms that appear within it, when your own Commonwealth countries do not.”"
"Why, well it’s simple really, on the way to VIE from Gatwick last Monday, alarms went off in a Virgin Airbus that had just departed Gatwick bound for the States, it had to make an abrupt about turn and return when the detectors indicating there was smoke on-board and it triggered a full scale incident, complete with a priority landing and emergency chutes and all."
"Now I couldn’t be telling you about the Peter Kay gig so I can’t, because his ‘tour that isn’t a tour… tour’ is still on-going at present but what I will say is I literally did laugh ‘til my sides hurt and my head banged and they were still banging when we returned home on the Sunday morning after thankfully catching our 11pm flight from Dublin (DAA) to Liverpool, John Lennon Airport."
"Makes about 12 large cakes; serves 6 to 8"
"Sitting here now the wind has really picked up. It’s beautiful out there – bright sunshine, blue skies, but I’m pleased to be in here and finished. It can snow now!"
"He walks up to the bench and she is frozen…she knows something big is about to happen."
"Risky. But it paid off. She took a recognizably cheesy “inspirational” ballad…. and she Skylarized it into a really cool performance. I loved this…. one of the best of the night. Once again my little red haired, gun toting, 4-wheeling, country girl has won me over. I LOVE her voice…. twang and all. I love her energy. I love the contained frenzy she works into. A ppp (pitch perfect performance)."
"Paul gets labeled a fringe candidate. But in this era of a closely divided electorate, anyone who commands the allegiance that Paul does from an activist libertarian movement must be accounted for in the political calculus. I personally do not think a Ron Paul nomination is completely implausible. The media have been feeding on Presidential candidates like piranha in the Amazon, destroying the candidacies of one after the other. I would not rule out the possibility that Rep. Paul might be the last candidate standing come June. With a choice as sharply defined as the one a Ron Paul vs. Barack Obama election would provide, we would know for sure just where the American people want to go."
"shot gun betty stop me dead in my shoes."
"1 worthy"
"***btw, I am still looking for team mate commitments. I have an offer from a few friends back home, but want to make sure I'm not missing any online friends who want to join in the fun."
"Fuck! That's a bit dramatic!"
"3) Include journaling - check"
"The Pinellas Plant has been transitioning from a defense production facility to a community-owned commercial business to provide alternative jobs for employees affected by defense downsizing, and to preserve taxpayer investments in technology development and the extensive laboratory resources of the plant."
"Macdonald, Ross. “The Writer as Detective Hero.” In Crime Writing. Santa Barbara, CA: Capra Press, 1973, 9-24."
"Fennel Pollen Yogurt"
"Only Apple-registered developers may attend WWDC, but the entry bar is low: Programmers pay only $99 for a year’s membership to the Cupertino, Calif. company’s developer program, and there are no other eligibility requirements."
"Personal Injury is my debut novel. I have worked for twenty years as a trial attorney specializing in personal injury defense litigation."
"Beunka Adams is imprisoned on the Polunsky Unit of Texas death row for a crime that another man confessed to committing. He was convicted and sentenced to death at the age of 21. Beunka was involved in a robbery in which store employee, Kenneth Vandever, was shot and killed."
"Darkness inspires the dreams of sleep as well as the dreams of wakefulness. I'm sure you have heard people say, \"Close your eyes and imagine...\". What happens when you close your eyes? You create a personal state of darkness where there are no overt visual distractions and you can focus on an inner state of peace. It's good to dream whether it be nightdreams or daydreams. So close your eyes and dream of things as they have been, as they are, and as they could be. All that has been accomplished was initially dreamed. Let your dreams work for you. And don't be afraid of the dark."
"i give this book 4.25 stars."
"It appears to be the case that, on net balance (and we must generalize here to say anything useful at all), the top-down sweep is not only more important than the bottom-up sweep in criminal investigation, it is very significantly more important than the bottom-up sweep. Decades of unrealistic police dramas notwithstanding, police work does not tend to consist of Sherlock Holmes-style deduction, where the slightest clues are incorporated into a brilliantly accurate and irrefutable account of how the crime took place. The ability of the police to identify strong suspects for a crime (i.e. conduct a top-down sweep that throws up legitimate targets of inquiry) and then assemble as strong a case as they can out of the evidence they have (push the case as far as they can with the newly-focused bottom-up sweeps and interrogation based thereupon) is largely determinative of whether or not they can bring charges against careful criminals. Fools who blunder through open tins of paint at the scene of their crimes and then stroll the twenty yards home may not be covered by this generalization, but I am not especially concerned with them. The criminal with a sense of professional pride and concern for the craft is the central concern of this essay."
"Dear Shankar,"
"Keys for unit."
"Thank you for doing this interview and as always…any final comments?"
"\"Do you have an appointment?”"
"Now there were staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven."
"3. Who are we targeting exactly?"
"Today, for some reason, the concept of 'learning' keeps popping it's head out everywhere. Most of what I know, I learned as a child in the Kavango ... my 'teachers' were mostly the true inhabitants of that part of the world - the Kavangos and the Bushmen. Other figures played a role as well - my parents, a school teacher here and there and then the amazing characters that this part of the world produced. My greatest teachers, if I really think about it, were the Stillness of Nature, because it helped me 'remember,' and some four-legged friends."
"\"Ruth Bader Ginsberg,\" I said proudly! oh, oh and Clarence Thomas..."
"Well the first is a self portrait I shot last week, I was up early and decided it would be a good idea to shoot something including myself again.. Something more interesting than a white wall.. I know its only slightly more interesting than a white wall but I did use natural light :D"
"Well, it's here and it's FANTASTIC. I'm speaking of my Draper bar cart from Society Social of course. If you follow PS on Facebook then you know I've recently teamed up with the darling founder, Roxy Owens, of Society Social. Lucite trays for her, a Draper for me...it's a match made in heaven."
"It's a want- a want that's so dear,"
"The corporation responded on its Facebook page that its cosmetics are formulated, tested, labeled and monitored to assure regulatory compliance and safety."
"Please remember to click on each Designers"
"AgroForestry"
"For example: Consider Job, in Job 1:1 he’s described as ‘blameless and upright, one who feared God and turned away from evil.’ James 5:11 referred to him as blessed and steadfast and uses his story as an example of God’s mercy. Down through the ages this story is used to encourage people who were going through tough times to persevere and keep their faith and hope fixed on God for the final victory. But to some today, Job is a fool. An ‘unbelieving’ believer who needlessly suffered calamity just because he wouldn’t watch his mouth and trust in God. Taking Job 3:25 out of context, ‘ For the thing that I fear comes upon me, and what I dread befalls me’. They ignore what God Himself had to say, and in the process blaspheme God, calling Him a liar. Ignoring that God never once blames Job for his supposed ‘negative confession’. Instead these scripture twisters join the chorus of Jobs false-friends who slandered and accused him assigning sin and blame to Job. God rebuked them then, and will also eventually rebuke the scripture twisters of today. Their god is too small and bears no resemblance to the One True God. Seeking to establish control over their lives by manipulating what happens in their lives with their words, they replace the sovereignty of God Almighty for the pitifully inadequate sovereignty of self."
"DOLBY Digital"
"It’s been one week and I’ve lost 1.5 pounds and (based on previous spending) saved about $400. I’ve also gained some valuable insights:"
"How about the blog present a view and a port into the subject? Now that’s what we’re here talking about."
"The one that says “Follow Amber to India in your email inbox! :)”? CLICK THAT BUTTON THAT SAYS FOLLOW AMBER TO INDIA! :) Please? Basically, that just means that you will put your e-mail address in and everytime I post a blog you will get it in an e-mail! This is the perfect way to make sure that you get each week’s prayer requests, as well as not missing anything I post while I am in India! Don’t worry, I won’t spam you. :)"
"Representatives of the two senators and a local congressman gave brief speeches to welcome us to our new roles and encouraged us to actively participate and exercise our duties and responsibilities. The Daughters of the American Revolution gave us small flags, and we left the courtroom with copies of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States as well as our new citizenship certificate, passport forms, and other documents we needed. Right outside were people waiting to give us the opportunity to complete voter registration paperwork. It was all very thoughtfully organized and a lot was accomplished in a short amount of time."
"Whenever and wherever health care is in short supply, the sick and injured of the world must travel. Mass media, technology and more affordable travel means have merely brought greater cohesion to what was already a global phenomenon."
"Anurag Batra on how the print media can capitalise on a digital presence."
"So excited. They were a powerhouse team."
"And while you can use pandora.com to help find the right songs for your wedding ceremony, cocktail hour and reception playlist, I recommend hiring a professional wedding band or DJ for your wedding day."
"2. Add fruit and vegetables:"
"Ally and I are finally starting to talk travel plans now that the Madrid course map has finally been posted."
"Original Air Date: April 3, 2012"
"Happy St. Patrick’s Day! May luck find you when you need it most!"
"Oh, God of our country! Oh, our country's God!"
"There is, no doubt a good argument why we should prolong this predatory and dysfunctional economic, social and sexual system; but I do not know what it is. There is, on the other hand, every reason not to write a column like this."
"Happy Halloween! I am sure those of you who celebrate are planning to take lots of photos of the festivities."
"And don’t go thinking that the books are just like True Blood. The TV show is fantastic, don’t get me wrong, but they’ve made it into more of a soap opera. It’s a different medium and I think what they’re going with it is great, but the books are fantastic and different. And they so much fun to read; the first few books can be read in no time, so they’re great for the beach. They make me want to move to Louisiana, but that would be such a bad idea for my skin."
"Samuel E. Mixon is interred at Beaver Dam Cemetery, Ray City, GA"
"Today I have the pleasure of welcoming Kristen Simmons to my blog. She is the author of the new book Article 5 which tells the story of Ember a teen living in the United States after the Bill of Rights has been revoked and replaced by new laws called the Moral Statutes. When Ember's mother is arrested for violating the Moral Statutes by being a single mother, Ember is carted away to a reformatory school, where she will stay until her eighteenth birthday. The school is a nightmare, and Ember is a prisoner. Find out what happens to Ember in Kristen Simmon's Article 5. (I can tell you I read half of this book in one sitting--I couldn't put it down until I found out what was going to happen to Ember!)"
"Yes, that's it."
"Germany rebuilt itself with the aid of generous loans after WW2 and now refuses to assist other countries s in their hour of need without enslaving the citizens of these countries perpetually."
"I also tossed in a cute new factory graphic tee with the Eiffel Tower on it, as a no-brainer match-up (we all have those days). Despite being new, it was promo priced, and with discount, the tee came to just under $14 with promo). I like that it's a v-neck, as that's always more flattering for me. I ordered a medium, again for the clinginess reasons. It's a nice longer length. And no French to mess up. ;)"
"\"Hey Bob\", I say."
"Conflict — Emily Rose"
"Not virtual things – like fancy and impossible to understand derivatives products, which are basically con jobs."
"It had to be, because as a general rule Sam Adams beers are complete bullshit. Barely better than Coors, except with the claim that they're craft beers they actually fall far short of what we all know Coors to be. If Coors claimed to be craft, they'd be a bigger liar than Sam Adams, but they don't. So Sam Adams is the biggest liar in the beer world."
"P: Pushy-Yes I can admit that I’m pushy when I really want something!"
"This is a very good thing as it encourages charitable giving and the nebulous 'Big Society' that David Cameron claims to support."
"Hungary came up over lunch. When the time came for me to do something, Hungarian coffee suddenly seemed like a wonderful idea."
"Jaywalking is also an important tool that you need to master to gain an advantage on most pedestrians. If you always wait for the little flashing man to tell you to walk, you’ll end up walking inside of big crowds after every traffic light, struggling to break free from the pack. If you are in Montreal, make sure that there are no MUC Police peoples around, as they occasionally give tickets for jaywalking. I’ve also heard horror stories of certain countries where jaywalkers could even serve time in jail, not just receive a fine. So, jaywalk responsibly, and don’t get hit by a car. Getting hit by a car can seriously throw off your overall pace."
"Björn: I have a surprise. My parents visited the Northwest in the sixties. Both are huge Betty MacDonald Fans and they went to Vashon of course and they met ........"
"And what now are of these sorrows"
"You know, the best punch lines in life are those you just can’t explain - you just know what they mean. There was this guy who wrote to us on our Myspace, that he had told this girl that he was from Compton. Apparently he made it with her. So there you have it. Oh and by the way, this song has nothing, and I repeat nothing to do with any damn sparrows. “Suck on this barrel, you can ride my Camaro”"
"I am a mom to 8 preemies. I am proud to say I made it through short and long nicu stays, monitors, oxygen, scary moments and monumental moments. I made it through bringing my babies home after having to leave them at the hospital for one thing or another, and I Also made it through leaving the hospital without my beautiful angel."
"I’d never heard anything like it. From there, of course the next"
"I started with the Enigma, an amber ale, nice and light, lightly malted, dry and smooth, very pleasant. Looking at the numerous CAMRA 'we're in' good beer guide I order a Fullers Chiswick something I've only had in bottle form before. Fruity, biscuit malty, nice dry bitter finish."
"Life has been hectic. My family is still working through the loss of my father-in-law. PJ made another trip with his sister to take care of things at the house, etc. I'm continuing to work on organizing my home, and trying to plan a graduation celebration for my youngest. He actually received his diploma in the fall, but we were waiting until good weather so that family could come. He has been accepted into a very good college and will be living there, starting in August. I am going to feel a little lost with both sons gone from home. I do have a long list of new hobbies I want to try, and maybe even take an online course myself, so I plan on keeping very busy. Even doing that, I know it will be a huge adjustment for me!"
"Afterwards, I took a nice long nap, to get ready for my 'bash'. The Hubs and the kids took me to the restaurant. Sadly, I don't have any photos from this event because even though I brought my camera, I was too busy being \"in the moment\" to take any. Friends did take some for me, though, I just haven't gotten copies from them yet. No worries on that scrappin' front! My bestest buds were there, plus a couple of their husbands... and a surprise friend who is my LONGEST running friend since I moved here to Ohio. We don't get to spend a lot of time together because our lives move in such wildly separate directions, so it was awesome that she was able to make it. From my friends I got some lovely gifts, including a wonderful art print (she has a different art print in her office that I have coveted) all the way from New Mexico..."
"2) Gerard sold official police intelligence to Bullock, who later sold it to the ADL."
"There was just one guy who I decided to meet up with earlier this summer. We had been messaging for a while, and he seemed pretty cool. When we met up, though, it turned out to be really awkward and he had offended me a few times. He also lied and admitted to having a drinking problem (I sure know how to pick the winners..). Long story short, I didn’t talk to him after that."
"I'm continuing this event this year...quite literally. See, the linky I created last year I didn't end until St. Patricks Day THIS year. I didn't want to loose last year's links, but there's plenty of room for more, so I just decided to invite you all to keep adding to it!"
"By today's cruise standards"
"I must have been looking at the restaurant menu before as really this is quite a limited menu for us. You’re faced with 2 mains, a salad or an omelette and whilst I like omelette’s i’m still trying to watch those carbs..had it not been a Saturday I would have gone for it. There are 3 sandwich options, egg mayo, cheese or a toasted open toasted sandwich with mushrooms. looking around at the other tables I could see the sandwiches and along with the 2 mains.. the prices were making me wince, were they really going to blag almost £4 off me for a side order of onion rings?"
"Oh how I love Goodwill. I think I'm an addict. You would be too if you found brand new children's books that are 1) actually worth reading 2) well-known 3) hardback. Here are some of my recent finds. Have you read them?"
"Errr. What eyeshadow? (I hate you Rudeboy. Was that really necessary?)"
"Glory be to the Father, and to the Son : and to the Holy Ghost; As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be : world without end. Amen."
"Here are a few of my favorites from the numerous trickster tales in world literature anthologies, along with some story collections."
"It’s like a giant Mardi Gras. All the masks. All the masquerades of love. One counterfeit love experience after another."
"Oh (got the devil on his side)"
"Q: Tell us a little about you and how you began blogging."
"might I then erase the truth"
"3) Setting (town, city, or other sort of place)"
"So before we transition from big business into a startup, it pays to pay attention to the big picture because all too often when we ‘grow up’ working for big companies we lose sight of the real world we operate in."
"It also costs the U.S. economy $25+ billion annually."
"The respectful Gate audience seemed to enjoy it although the two young women sitting next to me left, about a half hour in. They had been chatting throughout the movie – although they shushed when I shushed them, but only for seconds – so it’s unclear to me whether they found something here to dislike or just needed to talk more than they needed to watch a movie."
"Those uncountable harms didn’t show up in any accounting of the March to the Sea, as it’s known. Not then, not now. Nor in any current book-keeping of modern or contemporary war."
"Best Weight Loss Tips – Daily Visits to the Scale"
"This was one of my treats ~ to see Jersey Boys and just I loved it."
"I’ve been tweeting about tea this morning. I had had 3 cups before any one else arrived into the office and I am now staring at my… 8th maybe (I’m not actually keeping an accurate count) with my lunch."
"My mother used to call it “petering out”."
"Thursday, April 14th"
"Having to fully comprehend on the truth behind the copyright protection law will ease out your worries about the said to be copyrights ruling over the public domain novels. As is the case, the public domain novels are not ruled by any copyright protection except of course if there has been some mistake of placing the novel on the public domain when in fact there is an existing copyright grant over it."
"So how do you prevent partiality and ensure an objective and balanced view?"
"Meanwhile, the UN is now declaring that the entire oceanic system may be bereft of fish by 2050. The waters are not, in fact, larger than us."
"just to see if you can improve the meaning of a song"
"Or rather he’s currently at Gatorland, running around in the splash pad, exhausting himself."
"Hello, blog world. I have an internet connection! This is pretty exciting news when you have had to wait SIX WEEKS for it. Insert swearing about BT here…"
"At stake: the eyeballs of more than 100 million Super Bowl viewers. And the urgent need to drive all of them online to find out more, socialize and tweet with friends and ultimately buy that beer, smartphone or luxury car."
"therefore, direct the CPIO, CBEC to transfer appellant's RTI-application to the subordinate offices/public authorities where the information requested by the appellant is known to be held. This may be done within two weeks of the receipt of this order."
"If we lay up treasures, just silver and gold,"
"from left to right: grey shrunken peacoat, suede jacket that looks like it belongs in a bookies, green parka, red old navy jacket, secondhand beige gap coat fit for a flasher, secondhand navy topshop trench, velvet collared capeish coat, and beigey trench"
"The emergency unfolding in and around Somalia is being portrayed by many aid organisations and the media in one-dimensional terms, such as “famine in the Horn of Africa” or “worst drought in 60 years”. But only blaming natural causes ignores the complex geopolitical realities exacerbating the situation and suggests that the solution lies in merely finding funds and shipping enough food. Glossing over the man-made causes of hunger and starvation in the region and the difficulties in addressing them will not help resolve the crisis."
"from the teachings of my pastors that our attitude towards the negative events of our lives is ours alone to determine."
"Eventually the shopping was paid for, the pile of sacrificed items were dealt with, and it was my turn at the till – but that wasn’t the end of the day’s strangeness…"
"The vague mumblings;"
"And… she’s bringing 22 college credits from advance placement classes she’s taken in high school. So, that is going take a semester off- so we’re saving a half year for her (and she wants to crank out a law degree and those Law schools are big time expensive. And the college is 5 miles from our house so it; itll take the rent and food headaches away."
"Uncooking: Intro. to Raw Food"
"St. Desideratus"
"8. Life of Pi - Yann Martel"
"\"Kind of cool, actually, \" I said. \"I feel like I am invisible."
"It's about this point we are starting to feel our bellies distend and yet still the onslaught of incredible dishes continues. The Pig's trotters Pierre Koffman is a signature dish by Pierre Koffman that was adapted and made famous by Marco Pierre White at Harvey's in 1980s. This dish is a test of patience and endurance, involving braised trotters that are deboned and then stuffed with sweetbreads, morels and chicken mousse."
"And so, as those years passed, I came to truly experience what Psalm 23 describes: Christ’s rest, his refreshment, his nourishment, his protection, his goodness, his kindness, his own very personal love. And my cup really did overflow, more than I could have ever imagined."
"Where are the public sector employers? Where are the entrepreneurial organizations? Where are the academic employers, or the charities or those whose market is the over 50s?"
"Prime Minister knows that if they attack before November, Obama will have no choice but to give them full support (including military, which is the only one that counts), something that is not necessarily true by 2013."
"Tsuruko: I can’t now. We’re just before the next exam, right?"
"Remember the little blackboard on Carly’s room? It says “Have Spencer take lemonade stand to basement.” I wonder what kind of out-of-the-ordinary junk the Shays have in their basement."
"Save screen we also get the copy paste delete buttons to save file management… seriously these should also be mainstream with other VN engines they are actually quite convenient despite seldomly being used… adding that theres also file protection by pressing the center mouse button and C on the keyboard"
"“C’mon….”"
"Red Bull surprised everyone with their revised car that appeared on the last day of testing. As the car sported revised exhaust systems with a low exit that aims the exhausts over the diffuser. While exhaust driven diffusers were popular in the nineties before periscope exhausts became the norm, to have the exhaust play over the top of the diffuser is a relative novelty. However the Newey designed solution on the RB6 is a little more complicated than it first appeared. In one shot we can see the upper deck of the diffuser features a window (Arrowed) to allow the exhaust gas to pass inside the diffuser, rather than solely over it. With the aim that the high speed exhaust gas will drive more flow through the diffuser to increase downforce."
"Off lately I haven’t been too blog social."
"On August 22, 2010 we launched our second campus...."
"And it speaks louder than bombs to me"
"Dear Republican Party:"
"\"People should be repulsed by what has happened and I would ask them to think about the effect this has had on his partner, and indeed the local community.\" Mr McKeeney, who was originally from Donegal in the Republic of Ireland, was \"extremely popular\" and \"well known\" in the local community and had no known enemies."
"While we were out and about Tim drove into the Country Club in town. A bloke he met up here some 15years ago used to work at the club and Tim was hoping to track him down. No luck though. Apparently he left town a few years ago and someone heard he might since have moved to Darwin."
"A Cry for My Brothers and My Sisters"
"Not another day could be"
"On a global scale, trends suggest that consumers are increasingly looking to understand where their food comes from and exactly what goes into it."
"Senior Parents, Prom to Dawn will meet at the Ritter Library community room today at 7:00. Anyone interested in helping with the event should attend. If you have any questions, call Dina Bauer 967-1223 or e-mail vermilionpromtodawn2012@gmail.com"
"I inked the solid cake stamp with 4 colors of Dew Drop Memento Inks (the dew drop shape makes it easy to ink small sections) and stamped it on the muslin bag. I stamped the swag along the top and adhered colorful sequins to it. Then I stamped the sentiment along the bottom."
"Stay tuned for the rest of Dragon Month and see if you like it!"
"From loose sketches, the final drawing is revealed."
"The border between Mexico and Belize is a slow moving river called the Rio Hondo where alligators lurk and drooping trees drag finger tips in the murky green water. Crossing the steel bridge spanning the gap between the two countries Raul and I are kept busy trying to rid ourselves of yet another unwanted straggler. This one is trying to convince us to give him our passports and $10 each so he can get us our entrance stamp for Belize. I am almost deceived by his friendly charm, singsong Caribbean accent and helpful demeanour – but by now I’ve seen too many of his kind to fall for his tricks. I’m trying to think of a polite way to tell him to leave us alone, Raul on the other hand is having nothing to do with it and he abruptly tells the guy where to"
"even by those we no not respect"
"In his 1996 Declaration, bin Laden voiced his hatred of the US not because of its invasion of Iraq or the Afghanistan intervention, they were to come five and seven years later, but because of its presence in his own Saudi Arabia"
"So I made an appointment with my band doctor(there I said it, HA! not a secret anymore!) (some people are going to say band doctor...what the %$@# is that!!! lol) and I also decided it's time to brush myself off and move on regardless of how painful it is to do."
"Beyond providing a dark portal to supernatural realms and stiffening ill-thought out fashion accessories, bluebells are a sign of ancient forests. Since they outcompete other woodland plants when beneath dense shade, a large vibrant colony of bluebells indicates that the forest has stood for a long time. Magnificent bluebell displays are rare in the new world unless you find a place which had dedicated and visionary gardeners a lifetime ago."
"On the ride, I admired the trees and the countryside that it was nestled in. Then I pulled into the long driveway, and noted to myself that this wasn’t a traditional cookie cutter house, it would most certainly be considered a cottage. And then it was done, the decision was made. I was going to live in a cottage. This isn’t it, but I thought this was adorable!"
"1) Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil over high heat.Boil florets until they’re tender (pierce with a paring knife or taste a piece) but still offer a bit of resistance, about 3 minutes. Drain broccoli, spread on a baking sheet in an even layer, and set aside to cool—it will continue to cook as it cools."
"If it’s well edited, you’ll become well respected in your field. It’s incredibly powerful to have good writing. If Babycenter.com is going to link to someone, they want to make it something that’s a worthwhile destination. When you link out to someone, it’s extending your relationship with others. You want to be sure to offer them something they can give to others."
"Loves reading and writing."
"For around $38, you get 40 pads, so that equals out to roughly $1 a pad! I use this twice a week (though you can get away with once a week if your skin doesn’t have any dry patches or problem areas!), so that’s about $4-$8 a month! Totally worth the price, especially when you take into consideration how expensive facials are these days!"
"The doctor came in and explained that since my water broke, they wanted to get a “baseline reading” so they could tell if I was progressing. I explained that cervical dilation was not a very accurate way of marking progression, so I would prefer not to, since I was handling the labor so well. The rest of the conversation"
"My raspberries are on and we have been making freezer jam, freezing raspberries and trying a new banana bread recipe. This is not your mother's banana bread, but it is YUUUMMMY! I found this little gem in my ward cookbook. Very moist and delicious. The white chocolate chips and raspberries take it to another level."
"* What, if anything, do you think historical writers should bear in mind when writing for a younger audience?"
"Of course, the end tables usually have medicine bottles, glasses of ice water, cell phone chargers and a way huge ugly alarm clock. But you know, gotta look a little gussied up for pics right? Since the thrifted tables are pretty banged up, and I still haven't sanded and painted them, I cut this vintage thrifted lace panel in half and now we don't get splinters on our end tables at night."
"* Memento Tuxedo Ink"
"Now onto the baking portion of this post."
"I am stealing this post directly from the HE forums. If you or anyone you know have experienced this problem - which is actually very serious - people are being forced into debt and poverty through no fault of their own, but through the HMRC's failings, please do comment on the thread on the forums."
"The beautiful row of zinnias was yanked after they blackened in the hard freezes we had this past week. I did collect a LOT of seeds and will be using them in next years \"Wall O' Zinnias\"!"
"great shells shrieking as they pass,"
"Well after much anticipation, the 2012 Saveur award winners were announced yesterday! And I am thrilled and honoured to be the recipient of an award in the best single video category. Thanks so much to all of you who voted online. I spent yesterday afternoon either blushing, beaming, or ok I'll even admit, jumping up and down a little, and perhaps letting out a scream or two (when no one was around). Truly, I think my mom was working a little magic, from wherever she is… making sure a few more people know about her Baba au Rhum recipe which has always filled our hearts and bellies with delight at Christmas. So this one's for her, for my mom Jali, with a wink and a cheers, we did it!"
"The outstanding guitar on David Bowie’s Ziggy Stardust album was played by the superbly talented Mick Ronson, who died 19 years ago today, on 29 April 1993."
"Anyway, this is an interesting site to poke around on – as you can find out a lot about K12, Inc. as a company (and since they don’t allow much independent research into their activities, it is as good a place as any). I’ve had an entry in draft format for a while now that was designed to look at the corporate side of K12, Inc. and what we can learn from a K-12 online learning perspective by the public information they have to file with shareholders and the SEC. I guess this is why I should probably find some time to complete that entry sooner, rather than later."
"Sounds exhausting doesn’t it? It is. But that’s what I mean about making a huge effort. The emails that I send using this method are a lot better than the ones I send without taking all that time. My first father receives emails that aren’t snarky (most of the time). If I have an issue, I’d rather tell him instead of forcing him to get it by the tone of my email (yes I know, I failed at this recently). He receives emails that are relatively typo free. They mostly make sense and are more coherent. If something doesn’t make sense to me, it’s not going to make sense to him so sometimes I have to add explanation to various things. I find that when I do this, there’s less chance for miscommunication. I’ve used this method off and on over the past year. I’m hoping that if I’m a bit more dedicated, maybe this time things will work out better. I need to stick to this plan. And take my newly learned lessons into account. I’m getting there."
"Baskin writes of Balentine:"
"And many a failure turns about"
"and before,"
"Miss Brookfield will still be standing at the forthcoming elections."
"3) Same with Mingle itself"
"MADRID—Spanish officials moved to shore up confidence in the ailing local economy after new data showed unemployment at an 18-year high, after credit-ratings firm Standard & Poor’s slapped Spanish government debt with a two-notch downgrade."
"However, later in the day I went to Detroit to go to the North American International Auto Show, and in order to get to the People Mover, I had to walk through the Greektown casino (I didn't gamble). And guess what? I got carded. So I guess in the end, yesterday was a wash, age wise."
"“You might say I’ve overdone it, but I’ve sent those two.” “The Snow Mountain Hitmen- Yeti COOL BROTHERS”"
"THE FALL OF THE GODS?"
"Looking back, I would say my studying and learning style for this test probably worked fairly well. Just yesterday, I condensed my 50ish page essay outline down to 11 pages of bullet points which definitely helped on this test for references to quick talking points. I also utilized our class outline, which grew to over 80 pages, while I was studying, and I wouldn’t be against doing something similar in the future with another class or even a smaller group throughout the semester. If I had any advice for future students in this class, it would be to start big and work down to small rather than the other way around which is typically how I learn. If you are learning about the Commerce Clause start with a broad grant, broad interpretations, and work down to the smaller details and differences in cases. It is not how you will need to analyze or memorize the info for the test, but in order to see the big picture and how it all fits together (for example, the Commerce Clause + the Necessary and Proper Clause), you have to take a step back."
"Mom: Why aren't you saying anything?"
"The Chicago Bears open the 2012 regular season with possibly one of the hardest schedules. Their overall schedule strength ranks 20th. Lets take a look at the Bears schedule."
"Good communication skills!"
"Saint Louis Brewery / Schlafly Tap Room Schlafly Pale Ale"
"Finally, asked about tips for writing, she made it clear that she didn't really feel you can teach writing, because each time you embark on a book you don't really know how to do it, or how it's going to turn out. It's something unseen or dim, a beast that you have to struggle with alone.."
"Have a wonderful day, thanks for any comments left. If you get a chance pop on over to the LC blog and take a look at the other DT cards, very inspiring!"
"Five minutes later, the Four Mamas returned with about 15 guards from the garden who honestly looked a little bewildered by the whole situation. Then things took their expected and natural French course with a lengthy discussion between all parties that lasted at least the 32 more minutes I stayed and probably long after I left."
"My first project is a birthday card for my niece – personalized with a big bright “M” on the front. I thought when she was done with the card she might be able to use the card front as a label for her bedroom door. She is after-all a very grown up 10 years old! I loved the butterflies so managed to use my Art Philosophy cartridge and cut an adorable matching gift bag!"
"Anders Behring Breivik; born 13 February 1979, is a Norwegian terrorist, and the confessed perpetrator of the 2011 attacks in Norway. On 22 July 2011, Breivik bombed the government buildings in Oslo, which resulted in eight deaths. He then carried out a mass shooting at a camp of the Workers' Youth League (AUF) of the Labour Party on the island of Utøya where he killed 69 people, mostly teenagers."
"This is such a gorgeous set and surprisingly very easy to stamp each step!! It is perfect for Mother’s Day for sure! (If my mom was still with me, this would be the card I give because Iris is her favorite flower)."
"11. Sting Cannot Possibly Be The Same Guy Who Was In The Police"
"For the kids. Not for me."
"Alantica Dream"
"18 October"
"That said, I'm not one of those Depeche fans who is utterly oblivious or blind to the band's shortcomings, and there have been a few slips along the way and some very public mistakes - and some which are rather more buried. Alan Wilder joined the band in 1982 following Vince Clarke's departure, and the main fact given about his past career at the time was that he had been \"a member of the group The Hitmen\". \"Who the hell were they?\" was probably the response on most people's lips, and certainly mine. Despite having a contract with CBS, The Hitmen had made precious little impression on the record buying public, and merely sounded like an act with a rather unimaginative name to most. Had this been the age of the Internet, some of us might have investigated more closely on YouTube and file sharing websites, but life was not as simple as that back in those dark days."
"...wonderful owners...very welcoming...they were so"
"Some newly-single moms think, \"OMG! I can't do this alone! I'd better grab me a replacement man, pronto!\" and others think, \"I'm never getting married again as long as I live.\" Somewhere in between, the right answer probably exists. I can tell you that jumping into a new relationship right away will rob you of your chance to find the real goodies hidden in single motherhood, and that you probably won't make the best choices if you're wearing Eau de Desperation. Try just taking time to be with yourself and your kids because it can really pay off in unexpected ways."
"Poetry (8-815)"
"Hey loves."
"I can’t explain why closing the DRS and braking calmed this resonance so quickly, but the wing rapidly returns to the low-amplitude, high-frequency vibration seen elsewhere on track."
"Oh, well I know that this is a light and momentary trouble. A day will come when the only tax we will owe is that of praise and thanksgiving to the LORD; to whom we actually do need for our very breath."
"Hi :)"
"We’ll play with all the others right before the feast"
"Goodnight…"
"So ultimately today my baby girl couldn’t dress, middle girl wanted to spend the morning sat on the toilet doing nothing, and big girl decided she’d like to just be naughty."
"Cheese, Parmesan or a sharp cheddar work best"
"Oh and here's a nice little picture of dad and me that was taken on our Harvard tour. I was going for the \"bookish-cute\" look in my coat and scarf. Thank you JCrew corduroy for keeping me warm!"
"A great season opener. Bruce Campbell remains my delight. It’s really great that each season they’re capable of finishing on such a high note and picking up again on that same intensity."
"So to set the record straight, right off the bat:"
"It will look great tucked in an old cupboard or in a trencher with a bunny and some eggs!"
"We think this is a great way to celebrate our blogiversary (bloggiversary?), and we hope you’ll join us and contribute a piece for the contest. If you ARE interested in participating, leave a comment here or email us at trueclassicsblog (at) gmail dot com!"
"In the last six months, FAO, the UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF), the World Food Programme (WFP) and international non-governmental organizations (NGOs) have also operated cash-for-work and food-voucher programmes, instead of relying only on food and input handouts."
"Playing games of arachnid"
"The centre has around 250 clients of all ages."
"And glittering towns, and gilded streams, till all"
"Like Immanuel Kant, he felt that everyone looked for it."
"Birthday parties up on some land their daddy has.."
"About the Prices"
"For her it's love, invasive, invading, obsessive, overwhelming and distracting. He's beautiful. Young, gorgeous skin, luscious hair and an infectious smile. She doesn't know why he loves her but he does, he has a faith in her that no other has displayed and gives her confidence and buoys her self-esteem. Unlike her former employer."
"They encouraged. I heard things like You Can Do It! Way To Go! Keep At It, You Are Doing Great!"
"Awkward/unnatural walking gait, not able to run/walk at fast pace, able to walk up stairs but difficulty walking down stairs."
"I remember the day you broke Trevor Hoffman's record, I came home early from work to watch the end of the game on TV. It was an afternoon game, and if Jack were alive he would have been home from school watching with me. Watching you record the final three outs was bittersweet. I watched with tears in my eyes as you struck out the last batter—happy for your accomplishment but filled with sadness that Jack was not there to share the moment with me."
"My mate and I did nothing on Valentine’s Day, but we did it together. And now tomorrow I will have one more irreplaceable thing to mourn — nothing."
"Mankell reveals to the reader, though not to the protagonist, that the crime has political implications, and is linked to power struggles in the Chinese Communist Party."
"Of course, you already know that Mad Men are high-powered advertising executives. The rest of the cast is fleshed out with fetching secretaries and repressed wives. They recreate a fairly believable version of the sixties and all its social woes and inequities."
"Mr Brewer told the committee: “The land is worthless. No-one wants it – we did look at giving it to a business."
"The US army is dependent on Wall Street financing. That’s why they were dependent on ultimately the Chinese and the Asians, who were financing Wall Street."
"An increasingly disheartened Carla tries to report Timmy's peeping and Fletch's groping to Sheriff Cates (Bill McLaughlin), but that goes nowhere fast, as he basically tells her that \"boys will be boys\" and that she should start thinking about closing her drapes at night. Meanwhile, over at Ray's bar, the gang can be seen commiserating over the fact that they all failed to make any romantic headway with Carla, even though she's, as one of them puts it, a \"closet nympho.\""
"Modern Man can often intervene and draw water out of the groundwater reserves during droughts to save crops, but only if the reserve is there. When nature is raging, all we can do is stand back and hope that we can later recoup the losses."
"Isocrates, To Demonicus 1.1 In many respects, Demonicus, we shall find that much disparity exists between the principles of good men and the notions of the base; but most of all by far have they parted company in the quality of their friendships. The base honor their friends only when they are present; the good cherish theirs even when they are far away; and while it takes only a short time to break up the intimacies of the base, not all eternity can blot out the friendships of good men."
"BUT if you know anything about the RNC…….. I would say that maybe ” this time around ….surely represents a lights off – out scenario “"
"Or, as Blake himself wrote in ‘The Four Zoas’,"
"Paper: Cherry Cobbler textured, Whisper White, Soft Suede, Deck the Halls DSP"
"One of the absolutely marvellous things about being a parent is that occasionally your offspring give you such a sense of pride, that you can puff your chest out and march down the street happy, smiling, and bathing in the reflected glory. First off The Cat has been made Head of House...a fine achievement of which the Cat's Mother and all the family are cock-a-hoop."
"Disclaimer: We received this introductory training class free of charge. We chose to review the product because we were so satisfied with our training session. Dental Student (who was never a big fan of trainers) suggested we use her to \"brush up\" once a month..."
"If you're a coupon clipper, now's a good time to head over to your friendly neighborhood Albertson's. From Tuesday through Thursday only, they're tripling all manufacturer's coupons up to 75¢."
"I am a 44 year-old woman with diabetes. Honestly, I have no business getting pregnant."
"The System: This is a hard one. Ever since I finished Brutal Legend I've been trying to decide on the right system to run it for the inevitable tabletop game. This is one system where PDQ seems too light for me. Oddly one of the best options I've found is 4th edition D&D...just reskin the mystical classes (warlock=guitarist, cleric=singer, wizard=stage effects) and you're pretty good to go. However, I think Savage Worlds probably falls into the \"just right\" range for me. And it doesn't get much more Savage than the world of Metal."
"Weight: 0.7kg"
"Once I started this blog, I started paying more attention to home decor stores and learning the names of local designers. What a talented and fascinating world that is! One name that is always popping up is Shay Geyer of IBB Design, a Dallas interior designer who's appeared in countless magazines and is the design expert for Good Morning, Texas. I love her bright and contemporary creations!"
"from vintage magazines that I found"
"Basic Kibbeh Recipe"
"William and Kathy Mailer Gardens"
"If you can fill the empty void of this Isle"
"The pendant drops approximately 1-1/2\""
"Find a girl who reads. You’ll know that she does because she will always have an unread book in her bag. She’s the one lovingly looking over the shelves in the bookstore, the one who quietly cries out when she finds the book she wants. You see the weird chick sniffing the pages of an old book in a second hand book shop? That’s the reader. They can never resist smelling the pages, especially when they are yellow."
"For those of you interested in Would You Read It (or simply in learning how to write a good pitch) there was an excellent post on Cheryl's blog: How To Pitch Your Book. The post uses a novel as an example, but it can easily be applied to picture books. If you follow the basics rules, it will help you come up with a beautiful 3 sentence pitch. Just right!"
"The weekend just past saw the fifth 2D Comics Festival in Derry, Northern Ireland. I was there for the fourth time, my third as an exhibitor, and my first with my name in the programme."
"As always, there is a question that the Holy Spirit is asking me … and as always, I’ll throw it out there for you too. How are you going to worship God today?"
"\"Fucking hell, how old is she?\""
"One pkg (5 yards) Rich Cream Dream String"
"5. The Bitch keeps a bullwhip ready for when newspaper journalists come calling and ask to go to the loo and go through your cabinet."
"In short, peremptory instructions from Blogger, accompanied by a threat of deletion of the entire blog if we fail to comply – little short of eight year's work – without proper explanation, and without being able to make contact with \"the team\", is not something we can live with."
"Until then, I share with you this jacket:"
"And the work they produced? I was so impressed! Tender and beautiful descriptions, funny and clever dialogue, vivid and thrilling action, crisp and moving poetry that caused spontaneous applause. And all of it done on the spot in a few minutes of time. Amazing."
"Silent answers relay"
"When God gets a hold of a man, he doesn’t merely tinker with him, making him cuss less and smile more. When God saves a man, he looses him to destroy sin and bless his family, church, and society. Christian men are not normal men who sleep less on Sunday and wear Dockers with no creases. Christian men are transformed men, other-worldly men, residents of a new kingdom, servants of a great king…"
"p.s. Sorry it's been so long since I last posted. I'll try not to go so long without dropping a line next time. We've just been so busy trying to enjoy EVERYTHING fall has to offer while the weather cooperates. I've also been really busy with graphic design jobs but I've completed a lot of projects so hopefully I'll be back for a spell."
"Call it what you will; a backlash against celebrity, a craving for humbler icons and a more back to basics approach, or simply the power of the internet turning the attention onto the everyday woman. The point is, this year was for me less about aspiring to look like an Olsen and more about wanting a simpler and more rewarding lifestyle. The rise of photo blogs has had us interested in interiors; organic portraits of the way people really live trumping over-styled editorials."
"So. Jeff has a talk with the monkey and tries to explain to him that he needed to have courage to eat the zucchini. He needed to look at it like Super Man would look at kryptonite and ATTACK the zucchini! The boy took a couple of quick breaths and ran back into the kitchen, determined to beat the dreaded green yuck. A few minutes later he came out, triumphant! Good job, monkey! You did it!"
"Presumed into conclusion"
"Well I hadn't really lost my mojo I have been just soooo busy making invitations over the last two weeks - my poor, poor neglected blog. When I haven't been making cards for a while I always check back with the Mojo Monday sketch blog to get me back in the mood and today was no exception!! Oh yeah..... I also bought a stack of card magazines today {went to buy 1, came back with 4}."
"Goody Bag/Craft: We decorated pillowcases, which also served as their take-home “goody bag.” I bought sponges and CHEAP white pillowcases at Walmart. Go here for the how-to and hints. This was a HIT with the kids. They loved sleeping with their pillows the next day!"
"The first room I entered knocked me out, wow! I love Durers paintings and here there were a few The Martyrdom of the Ten Thousand was my favorite. So much to see in one painting. The rest of the museum was equally brilliant. Of course The Tower of Babel by Brugel was a highlight, another stunning room. The other highlights for me were the paintings by Hans Memling, Rogier Van Der Weyden, Caravaggio, Lucas Cranach and Tiepolos “Saint Catherine of Siena”. If ever you make it to Vienna it is well worth the admission price."
"The Jews seem neither to respect God nor his creation. Their own holy books contain the curse of God brought upon them by their prophets on account of their disobedience to Him and mischief in the earth. We have seen the disrespect for religion displayed by those who consider themselves to be ‘God’s chosen people.’...There will be no justice until all the land is given back to its rightful owners... Only Islam can bring peace back to the Holy Land."
"when she shakes her tail"
"And her firefly lamp I soon shall see,"
"I kind of s..t..r..e..t..c..h..e..d the sketch this week. Here's it is if you're interested in heading over to The Outlawz to join in:"
"TM: If you think an effective politician is a ‘moral’ person, well, I know a great guy who can act as a trusted third party if you need to transfer a supercap!"
"Yes, I think that playing a role on stage and performing written dialogue when I act does help me with this aspect of my work. I think that it can help you develop an ear for what aspects of verbal storytelling work and hopefully avoid 'clonky' dialogue. I don't act out any of my work, but I do like to put myself behind my characters' eyes and see everything through them in a way that is very similar to the way that you do when trying to get into an acting role."
"New iPod Video – Gadget of Tomorrow"
"Today was the day. We went to Kelowna. I forgot to bring the paper with the address. I couldn't remember the Dr's name. Maybe that was a sign... And when we found the office (I remembered the street and asked someone), the receptionist (who was wonderful!) said that there had been confusion and that our Doctor had said the appointment was cancelled... Perhaps another sign I should have heeded and gone home... Nevertheless, we went through with it and filled out the intake form."
"Exercise increases blood-flow and oxygenates the brain, so get moving."
"According to authorities, the loch ness monster violated the boy twice a week for almost two years."
"Too bad."
"Businesses require up-to-date technology for maximum work efficiency. Keeping up with the technological advancements by purchasing new equipment will cause a drain in your finances."
"“Achieving greater efficiency in irrigation in the broader sense may mean giving up water to other sectors where it has higher value uses, even if sometimes that implies reducing the value of agricultural output.”"
"then slice or chop; the restaurant juliennes the ham."
"Owning a DVD digital camcorder in today’s technologically advanced world is an incredible luxury. Imagine being able to create home videos of your friends and family and immediately convert those videos to DVDs that can be viewed on any DVD player by anyone you choose to send them to. Personalized DVDs of home movies can make a wonderful sentimental yet useful gift for parents, siblings, or even grandparents who commonly own and operate DVD players of their own."
"MAAnd a bit of an emotional response arrives. Am I getting through? Is he starting to feel at least a bit guilty in that cesspool of a conscience?"
"The first is the Coalition for Justice for Levi, a campaign that I have been helping with since 2009. In the summer of that year, Levi Schaeffer, a member of the community in Peterborough, Ontario (where I was a nursing school student) was fatally shot by the O.P.P. in Pickle Lake, Ontario. In the time after Levi passed, his family was unable to ascertain exactly what happened to him in great part because the Officers involved did not submit clear and contemporaneous notes from which the Special Investigations Unit ( a civilian led body that investigates situations of force involving police officers ) could draw conclusive evidence. The pain of not being able to find out what happened to their son and brother caused the Schaeffer family to join with the family of Douglas Minty, another Ontario Resident who was shot with similar results, to start the long procedure of changing legislation of how police react in such situations, specifically that the decision be taken that they are not allowed to have their notes vetted by O.P.P.A. lawyers before being submitted. In November of 2011 there was a unanimous decision made at the Supreme court of Ontario that in fact supported this legislation. It was truly a victorious moment for the Coalition. Since then, however, the O.P.P. has appealed this decision, and so the process continues, and support is still needed. To find out more about the Coalition for Justice for"
"It’s almost cliché to say to someone younger that you have to make the most of your education, but it’s definitely true. The standard response to this is a muttered, “Yeah, all right granddad”, but it’s incredibly powerful advice. I would sit myself down, and then explain how I really needed to knuckle down and actually try and do well at all my subjects."
"These are the makeup products I use every single day but they're not the only products I use, just my favorite. As you can see, I use a lot of MAC products! It helps that I now have my MAC Pro card and get a sweet discount ; )."
"Analyzing this overall graphic from the provider’s insurance plans, words and expenses, will help you get to a call with regards to which options are acceptable."
"January 5, 2011 — Dean Henderson"
"Please don't think lesser of me, but (gasp!) so am I. There must be something wrong with me. Maybe a twisted kink in my DNA helix has stunted my maturation process. That would explain it. Why else would a woman my age still think flatulence is so darned funny?"
"Here’s what day 9 looks like:"
"Grass & fence dies: Doohickeys (Magnolia)"
"Scritti Politti Wood beez UK"
"“We all just went there thinking it was going to be a cool, chilled day and right at the end it got crazy,” said Salsbery, 26."
"Sarah drowns out the words. She tells herself they hold no meaning—no power—unless she gives it to them. That’s what her Gram always says. She’s not sure she entirely believes that as she grits her teeth against the onslaught."
"of the eye"
"I pass through many miles of farmland and the occasional rural business or country home. This is a beautiful and relaxing chunk of the highway. The roadwork itself is not as pristine as the most northern part of the LA-31, but it is not near as bad compared to most of Louisiana’s other highways. I enter Arnaudville and a sign enlightens me that the city’s sister cities are Jausiers, France and Jumelage Belgium. You overhear a lot of Cajun French still spoken in Arnaudville, I’d guess more in public than most anywhere else in Louisiana. The highway tees right over one bride, and then jogs immediately left over another – one bridge crosses the Teche and the other the Bayou Fusilier. Right after the second bridge you are back on the west bank of the Teche. I pull into Myran’s Masion de Manger. Whenever one of the multitudes of natural disasters strikes South Louisiana (hurricane, flood, tornado or Saint’s loss) folks call the brewery to see if Myran and his restaurant are OK. His small restaurant is famous for its boiled crawfish and that is what I am here for today."
"\"When the pupil is ready to learn, then the master will appear\""
"6. IF YOU HAVE A BAD COUGH, TAKE A LARGE DOSE OF LAXATIVES. THEN YOU'LL BE AFRAID TO COUGH."
"Writing was the focus of my graduate work, and I developed a taste for blogging through the course “Blogging a Better Planet,” taught by Andrew Revkin of The New York Times. Pace’s Media and Communication Arts program offered me the opportunity to replace a conventional thesis with a blogged thesis project. Prof. Revkin would become my thesis sponsor and instructor, and this blog is the result."
"How do you like the process now, amigo?"
"I have studied the intricacies of the Liberal Democrats for some time, and there many fascinating questions which still remain unanswered. Indeed, when we consider the dramatic changes which lie ahead and realise that events beyond their control will force them to reassess the very fundamentals of their beliefs and the principles which they have based their whole existence on, there is only one thing we can be really sure of."
"Unlike some poor unfortunate souls we’ve read about in the last few days."
"After all, you want to remain relevant, don't you?"
"One of my first assignments as a newbie at 13.tv was to create an inspirational art piece on the beauty of suffering. Some of the first things that came to mind were images of a glassblower with his glass, or a potter with his/her clay – an idea that became the centre of our video. Thursday night Flaps made use of our video clip as an introduction to his #Reverb session, with the clip serving as an idea booster. We had to think about the potter and the clay, about ourselves as the clay with God as the Potter, and then write down ten statements. It was both a humbling and an inspiring process to look at and talk about each other’s statements – serving as a reminder of who we are, Who we belong to, and what our lives are meant to be. And so I decided to share my ten statements with you…maybe it can be the reminder you need…or maybe this is the good news you have yet to hear…"
"Ginger Cocoa Bites: (I got the ginger syrup recipe from The Veggie Nook’s Lime Cornmeal Pancake recipe, but instead of maple syrup I used agave…and added a LOT of ginger! This is so delicious I keep a stash of this handy. Thank you, Gabby!) Ginger syrup - In a small pan on the stovetop, heat the 1/4 cup agave with 1 tablespoon thinly sliced and chopped ginger. Simmer on LOW HEAT for 3 minutes to reduce the spiciness of the fresh ginger. Turn off heat and cool the syrup while you combine the rest of the ingredients. Drizzle agave syrup and ginger pieces into mixture, process until mixture forms a ball and form into truffles or press into molds."
"Of course the trump card here for Usain is that he has performed his best two times under the spotlight of the Olympics and World Championships. Which reminds me of a Maurice Greene quote. When asked how he felt his WR 9.79 compared to the 9.84 record of Donovan Bailey that he took down, Mo said in effect “his came on the big stage”! Because world records set in the Games and Worlds take on a superhuman persona. Those races seem bigger than life. and those that run them become bigger than life. And setting records in both – double records at that – has given Bolt the persona of being bigger than life. But at the end of the day – or perhaps I should say prior to taking to the blocks – he still has to pull his designer uniform over his head just like the other competitors, and lace up his yam colored shoes just as they do."
"Check it out! That is Canada (White Rock, British Columbia to be exact) sitting out there across the water. Had an appointment near the border today."
"So I have made a card with corresponding box ( these roses are bulky!!) using this weeks sketch from"
"Quick snapshot of my reading this year:"
"And I miss our piss-your-panties-laughs."
"When you can find your inner peace"
"The pontiff’s official schedule – which recently saw him return from visits to Cuba and Mexico – is taking a toll, our correspondent says."
"Brooklynn has turned into such a sweet girl. I can honestly admit that I've been overly emotional this pregnancy. I don't usually care much about birthdays, but when we were all going to bed and david still wasn't home I got a little upset. I might have even cried a little (or a lot). Sweet Brooklynn climbed into bed with me and wrapped her tiny arms around my neck. She started saying \"It's ok Mommy, Brooklynn's here! I've got you, don't cry Mommy...don't be sad!\". Then I might have bawled like a baby from those sweet words."
"now therefore"
"ok second part of my tittle ^^"
"Ignore the terrible economic numbers, and the conditions happening around you, and you may agree with Obama. In typical liberal-progressive fashion, Obama thinks he deserves another term even though he hasn’t done anything to earn it."
"The Editors"
"The Cuban Missile Crisis was a much more defined event than today's always-there threat of terrorism and far-off war. It allows Wittlinger to provide a beginning, middle, and end of the tension and fear the children and their parents experience, providing a much-needed resolution for both Juliet and the reader. At the same time, the reader is left to draw their own parallels between Juliet's experiences and emotions and their own lives in today's world, with terrorist attacks and the ongoing war in the Middle East. Does Juliet hiding beneath her desk to survive a nuclear attack make any more sense than asking children to take off their shoes at airport security?"
"IT TAKES A LOT OF BAD BEHAVIOR TO GET ON THE NAUGHTY LIST."
"To cook. Place bag ingredients in slow cooker and cook on low for 6-8 hours. Turn slow cooker to High, add milk/flour and mix well. Cover and cook additional 30 minutes or until soup thickens."
"“You’re too big.”"
"repointing the mortar on the privy, and will soon move on to the main house. Repointing is the process by which we replace failing mortar with new historically accurate mortar. This protects the historic bricks by facilitating the flow of water away from the brick wall instead of allowing it to rest in the cavities left by crumbling mortar. Historic bricks behave like sponges; if water is allowed to rest on them for even a short period of time they will absorb it rapidly. What’s more, the water can carry harmful chemicals into the bricks, hastening their deterioration."
"She was swimming lazily through mangrove roots that spidered in all directions, crabs skittering before her into hiding in a deep dense green tidal forest. A baby shark grazed her ankle, sending shivers up and down her spine. She broke out of her reverie and strained her eyes towards her destination."
"Lunch: Apple Chicken (but may pick up a salad somewhere as that sounds better)"
"That is not to say that this investment our politicians made on your behalf did not have positive results -- it just didn't have positive results for you. In the first year of this green stimulus, an estimated 79% went to foreign nations; among the larger of these payments went to Babcock & Brown, an Australian company that went bankrupt just two months after the passage of the stimulus bill. Couple this fact with notorious domestic failures like Solyndra and Beacon Power Corp., and the obvious conclusion is that this administration's green energy initiative has been a spectacular failure to this point."
"A second article quotes Commissioner Brian Paddick as saying:"
"Now Joan has taped a second letter on the window. It reads:"
"Who indeed? Christ Jesus … Lord and Savior … Lamb of God … Bridegroom …"
"I always loved this simple craft for Halloween. Buga loves lollipops - she doesn't get them often, but maybe that's why she loves them so much. I decided that it would be fun to turn these little Dum Dums into Ghosts for the holiday. Buga loved seeing the transformation."
"It's just cool, basic rock with titles including \"Girls Today Don't Like to Sleep Alone,\" ,“We Sold Army Secrets For Dope,\" and \"Rattlesnakes Don't Commit Suicide.\" (which you can hear on the latest Big Enchilada podcast. ) They even cover a Hasil Adkins tune, \"Chicken Walk.\""
"\"You know what I think? she says."
"God’s eternal purpose for us is to be in Christ. Part of being in Christ is that we stand blameless before Him – Ephesians 1:4 & Rom 8:1, and because Christ is in us, Christ is our sanctification and purity – 1 Cor 1:30! And because we have pure hearts in Christ – Eze 36:26-29, we shall see God – Jesus Christ!!!!"
"This past Saturday, celebs rubbed elbows with White House power players and media pros at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner. What does this mean for us regular people? We get to see Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan at the White House…I thought both of their looks missed the mark, almost as if they tried a little too hard. Click on their names to judge for yourself. Below are a few of my favorite looks of the evening."
"Sew one end of the strap to the front seam - I sewed a rectangle to flatten the strap as well as secure it:"
"Chances are they’ll find some kind of solitude in another place and within a short period of time something shall disturb them and off they’ll go again to find some greener pastures."
"I am glad it turned out pretty and even. Yet another smiley face*"
"Now, every time I hear that name, I bristle. I do hope you don't have children called Madeleine. That name is tainted forever. She'll grow up to horrid."
"My experience at the nursing home prompted me to contemplate mortality (not uncommon for someone with my temperament) and those goals from my youth were what came to mind. I have achieved many of them and have replaced them with new goals, such as self-possession and faithful trust. I may need these qualities at any time, but I will surely need them when facing death, which I pray will be many years from now,"
"Even now, a good many will surely swear they will never acknowledge her existence ever again, but Aya still has her fans who would love to see her make a comeback to anime. While not a die-hard Hirano Aya fan, I enjoy her work and count myself amongst those who would like to see her return. Not to condone her behavior, but her personal choices and interests have nothing to do with her work in anime, and in my opinion she is free to exercise her liberty as an individual like anyone else."
"(The rationale behind the member voting is suggested by a New York Times article on the contest, which quotes Mark Gompertz, executive vice president and publisher of Touchstone Fireside: \"[The manuscript] will have a seal of approval by the time it gets to the fourth round...There’s something intriguing about a community of readers out there preselecting it by voting for it. You know that many more eyes have read the thing than if it had been seen by a single agent.” In other words, the winning novel will come with a built-in fan base. Hmmm, isn't that similar to the rationale employed by some manuscript display sites that purport to use member ratings as an incentive to get agents and editors to look at the \"best\" entries? There are a hundred things you can say about this--a few hundred voters does not an audience make, voting for chapters doesn't necessarily translate into buying books, there'll be at least 6-8 months between the end of the contest and publication for the voters to forget about the whole thing...In other words, good luck with that.)"
"Although willing to listen to my requests for no mention of sweeps or induction, I began to get pressured into agreeing to growth scans and was told that I only had two weeks and then my home birth request would not be granted. Two weeks took me to Christmas Eve, which I'm sure helped them decide to go off call for me :) Luckily for me, I went into labour on the 19th."
"The news of Bruce's death arrived with us after the Spring 2012 issue of Eagle Times went to press. The issue includes an article by Jeremy Briggs on Bruce's cutaway drawings. We will be including an obituary in our Summer issue."
"And a cover for your print book. Trawl through all the advice-blogs; you don't need me to tell you how important the cover is. If you don't have a wonderful son-in-law to help, it is worth paying for this, too."
"today through this devotional. Therefore, open your heart and receive"
"My awesome friends Sarah and Jonas are getting married this weekend at my other awesome friend Maureen's winery in Paso Robles. I am going to coordinate their day and I made a banner for them. I can't wait to give it to them. Just gotta string it together and I am done :) She said Burlap and Lavender. and really simple. I hope I got it right!"
"Now the vibration of that great energy field has been lifted higher. You have been prepared for this for the last fifty years and more preparation will be given to you in your future years. You are now learning to recognize and communicate with your Higher Self. You are learning to acknowledge what you feel inside about a situation, a person or event, or a personal under- taking. Your Higher Self is continually pushing forward now asking, “How do you feel about this, how do you feel about that? Does it feel right, does it feel good to you? Just how do you feel about this?”"
"And love you 'gainst the nature of love,--force ye."
"Go shopping….at Ben & Jerry’s of course. So many flavors, so little time."
"A week later she was flown back to the U.S., still in deep pain, and admitted into Baylor Medical Center in Dallas."
"This is the story behind the most interesting man in the world..."
"Knox, Robert 1911 A Historical Relation of Ceylon, ed. by J. Ryan, Glasgow: James Maclehose & Sons."
"this beautiful world over and over, in the world of my mind."
"The July 29th phantom creeps up again, but this time he is defeated! Q2 lists it as the 29th, but apparently it is actually tonight (if only I knew about it sooner, and it weren't 95 degrees)."
"And it is a fact: now there are already a lot of Thai people, among 65mln population, who now on many Thai language Forums themselves call their own country “Torlea-land” (“Joke land” or “Land of jokers”) instead of Thailand – reflecting that there are just too many things plainly and blatantly ridiculous."
"Tip 1: There is free water in the Borobudur ticket office. Get some."
"If the scenes where Diana wanders around Venice were like flipping through a copy of Italian Vogue circa 1991, then the rave scene's equivalent would have to be the act of perusing a back issue of The Face (the one with Adamski on the cover with his dog immediately springs to mind). Flaccid cocks flapping without a care in the world, twirling pasties, baseball hats with the word \"boy\" written on them in metallic capital letters, white cut-off overalls, casual transvestism, glow in the dark fanny packs, smart drinks, cellular telephones, and belts made out of compact discs, the sheer amount of fashion blunders present throughout this techno-heavy scene are enough to make your head spin. Nevertheless, Diana manages to transverse this gaudy spectacle with an air of stylish unflappability."
"You can start with a lower b.p.m. and gradually work your way up."
"- Matt Groening, creator of The Simpsons"
"Slunk pouting out when the limp time came;"
"Now the greedy private sector taxpayers, the weirdo 95% of citizens without state pensions, who are responsible for paying for Mr. Corn’s $152,490.84 annual pension, contribute 6.2% to their own pension (called Social Security) and at age 62 after 40 years of contributions can take down a huge maximum pension of $22,260 annually or about one-seventh of Mr. Corn’s annual pension. So Mr. Corn contributes at a rate 22% higher but for 9 fewer years but receives 7 times the pension. And Mr. Corn retired earlier too at age 59. What a terrible deal for Mr. Corn. No wonder he is complaining."
"Looking around, in one corner are the “die-hards” who are still kicking on and you may even remember them from Friday night, but you would never go there! Sunglasses, nervous twitches and sideways glances – there is a slim chance that they have showered, and can let alone speak by this stage."
"10.State Of Mind"
"Step one: prepare the road piece"
"using only 3 strands of the floss instead of six"
"At one of Soup Tuesday's weekly soup and cake planning meetings (yes, we have meetings...), I had the idea to soup-ize meals, and this is an attempt to turn a roast lamb dinner into soup. The soup is actually made with left over roast lamb, but you could buy fresh if you wanted. Also, instead of making the roast potatoes and parsnips, if you have any left-over mashed potato, you could make mini potato cakes by adding some flour, rolling the mixture into little balls and frying them, before adding to the finished soup"
"We came up with several ideas."
"Zapiro takes aim at corrupt politicians and businessmen in particular ex-convict turned businessman Kenny Kunene, whose R700 000 birthday bash in October saw sushi being served on half-naked models."
"In my view now, EDL and SIOE are two sides of the same coin of far right extremist populism. SIOE plays to a more upper class and petit bourgeois conservative audience, EDL to street fighters and football casuals, but they are essentially the same. They lack the ideological coherence and complexity of classical fascism, but they are heavily influenced by fascism. They are closely related, too, to the Euronationalism of Nick Griffin and Jorg Haider, which appears to be simple conservative populism on the outside but is Nazi to the core. Any “anti-German”, anti-anti-Zionist or anti-anti-imperialist who has any time for this shit is, well, completely beyond the pale."
"Where do you see this case going? What is the expected outcome?"
"about 1.5-2 cups of sugar"
"What a crappy week...."
"A businessman of Alexandria, a rural town in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, has launched a unique Ten Commandments Campaign. He and his family are planting Commandments every 200 metres along the road leading from their town for starters."
"Hula Hooping, Strengthening my kiddo’s core, helping them become more coordinated, stronger from the inside out. Creating a healthy pattern of movement, building their self esteem…my children began being able to retain information and learn better, with hula-hooping."
"And so today, I hope to share my happy chemicals with all of you as you gaze upon the photos I've taken of Bettye's gift. This antique embroidery is a fragment from a chinese coat and was gifted to me by my needle friend, Bettye Fennell."
"The base of the Alice pendant has a winged clock gear with a bit of bling in the center, and an actual watch is dangled from the bottom. I can almost hear the patter of the White Rabbit's feet as he races away, worrying about being late to meet the duchess, as that is the book illustration this aspect of Alice is taken from. His fear of being late also ties in the clockworks theme quite nicely!"
"This is no earth-shattering post about organizing. I mean, it's nothing close to this:"
"not a florist or flower market anywhere"
"3.Keep"
"There is one breed of men that am trying to have a huge grudge on and its with bitter regret that I am calling them men."
"I have been pretty unsatisfied with the doctor Amelia has been going to for her eyes. She was the doctor that came around to check on her ROP while she was in the NICU and we continued to follow up with her because we were interested in continuing with someone who knew her case history. However, her bedside manner is terrible and she has zero time to entertain questions. I was left feeling frustrated, uninformed and without direction with her."
"Close-up of the button closure gate fold tied with twine..."
"People need to be noticed, to be seen as valid participants in society, to be needed by somebody else in meaningful ways. People need to be seen and feel valued, not just noticed in a distracted way, in passing glances whilst we whizz along doing other things we find important."
"Being able to function without horrible pain is such a huge blessing for me. I feel like my prayers over several years are being answered. Why now? I don't know, but I do know He does and my faith is in His wisdom. I'm going to need that wisdom as to not overdo myself because it is so easy to now. But, even with the pain gone, I must be careful with my Myasthenia Gravis. I still get weak and can get into emergent trouble if I overdo."
"Urban Decay 27/7 Shadow Pencil Stash"
"Wow. That little gem has had me thinking for days now. What exactly is my “reason why?” Why do I do what I do here? Beyond basic documentation, beyond simple journal style self-reflection, why do I write in this space four or five times a week? Why do I put myself on public display? Why do I offer myself up for judgment, when I know I am so deeply sensitive to it? This is the work of personal growth that Chris writes about and the work that I am doing every single day."
"Max Studio silk blouse, Marshalls, $12"
"When he came into your life"
"Since I'm not buying anymore books for awhile (that sound you hear is my AmEx breathing a sigh of relief), here's what's on my nighstand for the next few months:"
"I love her best of all:"
"And speaking of desks, I have also had my eye on a small parsons-style desk for our living room. I love the simple, sleek style (not too mention, how great would it look with a ghost chair?!). But the West Elm version (even at $299) is out of my price range. I'm a bargain shopping, thrifter! Here is a cheaper version from homedecorators.com (it also got good reviews!). I would recommend the white."
"This is the fabulous design I used for my card from The Sketchy Challenges. I worked perfectly with all the diecuts and punches I needed to use so I'm playing along in that challenge. I just loved using this layout!"
"I’ll never forget when I was little and played softball on a team, my dad was SO excited that finally one of his girls wanted to play a sport he could get behind. (He always wanted boys), so he helped coach me and we practiced endlessly. My dad is a hardass. Think of John Wayne and Clint Eastwood, and the characters they usually have. The ones that say what they think without really worrying about the consequences afterwards. He’s not unkind, in fact he’s a pretty cool guy… He just isn’t as lovey dovey as my mom is, and how I’ve always been. I always tried different ways to spend time with him because he didn’t really make a crazy effort, so the fact that I was doing something that made him seek me out to interact was SO cool. One day we were practicing before a game and I was the starting pitcher for the team (something he was so proud of and still talks about how good I was at it). He was helping me warm up and I was probably 11-12 at the time, he always threw the ball so hard that it made the huge CRACK sound on the glove and felt like your arm was going to fall off, but it made him so proud that I always caught it and ran for it that I did it without hesitation. He had been on me about not paying attention and “watching” the ball…. so I should have probably kept a better eye out (oh, the irony) when all the sudden SHOOTING PAIN goes through my whole body and I honestly think for a moment that my head has fallen off. The ball connected with my face and I fell to the ground holding my eye and screaming, my mom rushed over and punched him in the arm and then tended to me. He felt bad…but he also threw in the whole “Come on champ, walk it off, you have a game soon.” My mom was just glaring at him like he had thrown gas on me and threw a match… I was proud. He expected me to be able to shake it off and get back out there, like one of the boys! I know that most 11-12 year old girls wouldn’t be happy to be one of the boys…but I sure was! I loved making him proud and showing him and everyone else just how tough I was (still am!). I didn’t cry. I got up, shook it off, and went back to practice. Biting my lip so I didn’t burst into tears every time I felt my pulse beating inside my face. I pitched an almost perfect game that night, and I don’t think I’ve ever seen my dad any prouder of me. The purpose of this story… is to talk about my day today! It’s my firm belief that we are who we are based on what happens to us and what we take from it."
"I’m so potassium deficient I can’t even move my fingers properly today. Typing is making them tingle and they’re beginning to go numb. It feels like a non-painful version of hitting my funny bone. Not funny, and not great timing."
"Dylan has had a 50 year long recording career, which is pretty remarkable all by itself, but I doubt that he ever expected this honor."
"10. Room With A View"
"Elapsed time: 32 min. (on top of the previous bit of time)"
"And dear sweet ancient baby alien space monkey jebus forbid, you are not heterosexual. Then you are just screwed. Who is the bread-winner? What if you can’t get married? What if you can’t adopt because you are gay? What if you don’t want any effing kids anyway? What if you don’t want to be traditional? Then what?"
"If I see you coming and I cross the street to avoid you, that means I DON’T WANT YOU TO FOLLOW ME!"
"I died laughing."
"Discover the magic, wisdom and profound spirituality of the Ancient Celts for a more peaceful and purposeful life today."
"Ultimate Comics the Ultimates #9"
"flowing fingers in cobalt"
"May 03 1:25 AM"
"Blogger John-in-Carolina discusses the differences between the so-called “Wanted” and “Vigilante” posters which appeared on the Duke campus following rape charges against the Duke lacrosse team. There were four versions of the text-only “Wanted” posters which were produced for Durham CrimeStoppers by Durham Police Cpl. David Addison. The “Vigilante” poster contains the photographs of 43 Duke lacrosse players and was produced anonymously. Both posters inflamed public opinion against the lacrosse team"
"In the yellowy aged parchment past,"
"Sadie JONES!!"
"Because my answer may or may not make me a crazy person."
"“These are your brothers,” Maria tells him before being shooed out the door by a servant. In that moment the gauze is lifted from Freder’s face. Had he wished, he could have discovered Maria and her ilk years ago, simply by climbing down a ladder, but, Buddha-like, he was kept from seeing the suffering of the world, and did not think to ask why it was so. Freder belongs to an indifferent society whose members do not communicate with those unlike themselves; they take for granted their differences and make strong a boundary that is non-physical, merely by acting as though it was real. The people of Metropolis have every means of gaining information and far too little interest in using it."
"Can you imagine a church in which every single person who walked through the door was welcomed as a member, already fully qualified to begin fully participating? Can you imagine a church in which the leaders understood themselves not as “gatekeepers” who serve by making sure things don’t get out of hand but, instead, as facilitators of the unleashing of everyone’s fullest potential? Can you imagine a church based on such radical trust?"
"I am going on sabbatical from Blogland."
"Leftovers if I have them, sandwiches (pb&j, turkey, egg and cheese), huge salads, smoothies, yogurt and granola with fruit. My entire lunch is usually a combination of 3 of these things."
"Here are the rules guidelines."
"I'm so in love with this product and I hope L'Occitane never stops making it. I would love it would if they made a body spray or perfume with the exact same smell as this shower oil, I would totally buy that :)"
"So, back to the here and now. It's time to grab dinner (I'm heading to Red Robin for my burger....it's the only one in the state I think). Make no mistake, a double Margarita will also be involved."
"Here's one of the cards she recently made for us which you can see instore and view on the online gallery."
"This week I have been concentrating on preparing for a few things. I have made plans to have a pedicure and a massage next week so I can get some “me” time in before your sister arrives. I have also been working with a friend from church on our mission in your name. I am really excited about it and we are going to present it to the congregation on your birthday. I’ll be sure to tell you all about how it goes and what’s behind all of it! I’ve packed pretty much everything for our hospital trip and prepared your little sister’s nursery this week too. I’m planning on installing car seats this weekend. Everything is falling into place and I can’t believe she’ll actually be here in less than two weeks."
"Unhappy with two Singaporean aunties who cut his queue at a NTUC supermarket, a PRC netizen vented his anger on the Lion City Forum."
"The train noisily pulled into the next station. The word Westminster appeared and disappeared in the window of the door next to the girl as the tube screeched to a halt. Passengers moved toward to their nearest exit as a silent exchange of positions occurred. The doors whooshed open. Those collected at the exits moved forward, forcing those waiting on the platform to step back."
"amid the crushing darkness of fathoms"
"He spoke: ‘It is befitting to say more"
"I used the Fancy Tags Two & Standard Circle dies from Spellbinders"
"Foster Wheeler AG, Alternative Energy Deals By Type, 2006 to YTD 2012 7"
"you think you know who i am"
"In my opinion, the lyrics explains the very first step of relationship"
"UPDATE 10:45 AM - Received this press release from Hudson Related:"
"The Acer Iconia Tab A200 has stereo speakers nestled in the bottom corners on the back of the tablet and, providing you aren’t holding the tablet there, the sound is clear, if a little tinny."
"CALABAMA is the story of Eric Newlin, a slacker whose life is in a rut in Redding, California. Sometimes, a rut is the safest place to be. When Eric pushes against the bounds of day-to-day life, he quickly loses everything. He falls so far that a kidnapping scheme starts to sound like a reasonable way to make the money he needs to escape Calabama."
"I end up boiling a few kettles of water and washing in the sink. As I’m doing this, I hear my 18 month old girl wake up by coughing like a sea-lion! Normally, we’re not the panicking type of parents, but my father-in-law was diagnosed with pneumonia on Monday and she had been around him on the weekend. 10.45 we find ourselves at the front door to the work in centre (thought it better than clogging up A&E) only to be told they’re closed…….. So off we go to A&E."
"Me: \"Even more evil than ever?\""
"22 The hanging sequence movie clip which you just exited will be selected by default now. Go to the Property inspector and give it the Instance name hangman_mc."
"Give me a call at 772-626-4271"
"The talent on display that night was amazing. The classically-trained voices, the perfect harmonies, flawless melodies, the skill of the conductors and musicians. It was all very beautiful and moving. It is this kind of night in recent years when I would feel like I wasn’t a singer. I’m not trained. At least I haven’t had a voice lesson since I was in the Woodlands Youth Chorale many many moons ago. And, I don’t sing perfectly. At least it’s not what I consider perfect. I hear the perfect melodies of others, the way they sing with ease and hit high notes that give me chills. I’m amazed and I love it. It’s not me. But, that doesn’t mean I can’t sing."
"11:28 pm"
"A little while later, Londo hurried into the bathroom to let me know he was going to get the Pookie. He said that he heard the Pookie over the monitor say, \"I get down.\""
"As a teenager, I had the body that elicited whistles and honks as I walked to the park or the beach. I still didn't feel pretty in the face. In fact, I never felt pretty once puberty hit and my nose, cheeks, and forehead took over my tiny almond eyes. I hated wearing glasses. I just wanted to feel \"normal,\" yet I still looked and behaved more mature than my age. I was 12 and many people thought I was 18. I felt awkward and out of place with other girls. I slouched so I wouldn't feel so tall. I found solace in music and theatre, where everyone was a little awkward, but not in competition with each other- just working together to create art."
"I don't care what the Weather Man said or what the Calendar said..."
"Getting ready to go to bed, hours after his bed time!"
"I covered a laminate sample with Ruche paper and sanded it to add interest to the raised areas. I stamped the little girl, colored her with Copics and cut out. Stamped the sentiment on the side of the ornament and attached the girl to the other side. I cut off the excess that hung over. Glued rick rack around the outside and along the top and bottom. Finally, I added FlowerSoft to the bouquet in her hand and some spilling out of the basket. I have had this stuff for well over a year and have done nothing with it. Isn't that awful?!?!?! I really need to start using more of what I already have rather than buying more stuff."
"(by the way, I was blessed enough to watch the very first showing of the new kabuki play about you, performed by a group of travelling actors and based upon the writings of Ikoma Katsu. It was riveting)"
"My shoulders ache from eight hours completely hunched over my computer, and my forearms and wrists are singing from the prolonged use of the laptop instead of the desktop."
"We can all recall a time when we asked someone for something, maybe help with a project or a ride when our car is in the shop. And we got a 'yes' answer, but knew the other person really did not want to do it. You may have even added, “only if you have the time,” or “I can find someone else.” And you were brushed off with a “oh, it's okay” sort of statement even though it obviously really wasn't. The other person begrudged it, and you felt that 'put upon' feeling the whole time."
"***THIS IS NOT A GIFT***"
"SIGNING THIS PETITION"
"“Of course there will be more hotels,” Mr. Mangochie said. “More flights means we will need more rooms. But our goal here is to find a balance between welcoming visitors and protecting what we already have.”"
"So okay, I am still determined to go to law school. But right now, it feels like I’m totally detached from my goals. Yes, that speaker who’s a Filipino writer (kudos to her for having her novel published) at our School of Humanities Minors graduation was telling the truth. Life after college will definitely be a rough time. All the decision-making, seeing all your batchmates pass, and well, basically all the pressure coming from friends, family, and even employers is too much to bear. I wake up everyday thinking to myself, “what do I really want?” In fact, I feel like this is even harder than peer pressure. Whoever said that parents and relatives should be supportive of their child, niece, or sibling’s endeavors is either blessed or nuts."
"In a bowl use a spoon to mix the miso and tahini together. Add the apple cider vinegar, sweetener of your choice, cayenne pepper and stir until well combined. Use a whisk to mix in the water. Store in the refrigerator. The sauce will thicken after it cools."
"Now I don't know how many of you who read this are single out there, but during my time as an Internet dater I compiled a list of a sort of \"code\" my girlfriends and I picked up on, on what the men would tell us and what it really meant. So consider this my public service announcement to you single ladies and men too out there who might be considering online dating. Again you're welcome."
"The preliminary rent hike, approved on Tuesday, May 3rd, 2011 by the RGB is slated to be voted on next month. The board proposed changes to both one-year and two-year lease agreements. Increases for one-year leases will potentially fall between 3 and 5.75 percent, while two-year leases would go up between 6 and 9 percent."
"Yens Petersen with question"
"Margrethe wraps varying numbers of the tiara's pieces around her signature updo, and sometimes she stands the center piece up on top when using all three. Adding or subtracting pieces allows her to customize the grandness, if you will, of her appearance to the occasion at her own whim: more pieces is great for a very formal event, while fewer pieces are well-suited to a black tie celebration (though she certainly doesn't stick to any set rule). She and her hairdresser have fun with it; it's the perfect toy for a creative queen."
"Investigating Cells"
"The first track Right Next Door to Hell is a bit off to my ear. All the essential GNR elements are there, but not in the right proportions. If you think about it Axl’s vocals could be in danger of being OTT at any time, but in this one they actually are."
"R - Clearly you were."
"What I didn’t realize at the time was how much I would miss Julie, how much I would come to appreciate the beautiful friend she was. I had taken it for granted that Julie would be here, that I would see her again, that I would get a chance to say goodbye, that she would have many months. Instead, my first thought when friends recently suggested I start an online newspaper, was, “I wish I could talk to Julie.”"
"If there is something coming up that is not listed, we would love to hear about it. News, reviews, info, etc., to share for our next Random Beer Roundup can be submitted to hoosierbeergeek@gmail.com. Don't see your favorite craft beer establishment? Let them know you'd like to see them here! Work for an establishment that serves craft beer? We want to hear from you too!"
"Sofitel Minneapolis"
"They’re a Minneapolis band being championed by almost everyone who’s anyone right now,touring with Bon Iver and having gigs completely sold out everywhere in the UK for good reason."
"1/2 cup (1 stick) room temperature unsalted butter"
"I know it's not a real cake, but when I saw this post on Martha Stewart's watermelon cake, I thought it was too cute and knew that I had to make it! Just recently, my hubby brought home a watermelon when he went shopping for dinner ingredients, and that night I carved my watermelon cake."
"I do want to say a few words about yesterday's regrettable lapse in judgment without getting into too much detail. I wish to extend my sincerest apologies to the couple who contacted me through their attorneys. I chose your name at random and am very sorry (and surprised) that people took the trouble to look you up and make harassing telephone calls. I really thought people had better things to do with their time. I hope that what I have done to make amends is satisfactory to you. I was also surprised that so many people readily believed the patently absurd actions I jokingly attributed to Atrios. While I disagreed with his Blogroll Amnesty Day and I am not particularly delighted by such pieces as \"Why Your Blog Sucks,\" he is certainly not as bad as all that and I am shocked that so many people would be ready to believe the worst about him. I hope he will accept my apology, though I guess I can give up all hope that he will ever link to me now."
"I can only thank the people who have helped me"
"Joe had to work (and didn’t feel well anyway), so it was just Anna and me last night. We went to a really nice neighborhood and hit up about 20 houses or so. Anna had such a blast! She kept saying, “Mommy, we go to more doors now?” She definitely had the “Trick or Treat” saying down, but I had to prompt her to say it each and every time. She waxed shy every time we’d approach new people. I think she loved being outside so late at night and actually getting candy from people. I think she thinks this is normal – you knock on someone’s door and get candy. Let’s hope she doesn’t try to do this throughout the year."
"Eventually I picked up a Faygo Candy Apple Red since I had never tasted it before and headed to the snack rack, only to realize that the foreign store clerk had been eyeing me the whole time, probably because of my demeanor looking into the cooler. The snack racks weren’t much better – off brand chips and pork rinds, un-refrigerated wines, and of course the wide array of candies behind the bullet-proof glass. A brother couldn’t even get some trail mix in there! I finally decided on the white cheddar popcorn (what better to go with my apple soda?) and headed to the counter. I took a second between the rude interchanges between me and the clerk to gaze upon the racks of cigarettes, expensive liquors, and the gang of scratch off tickets behind him, and it hit me – there isn’t a thing that’s good for me in here, and I’ve been going to places like these my whole life. I still decided to get a scratch off because – hey, why not? I’m buying a bunch of other terrible stuff, plus I could get rich here! -_-"
"My own duty is that I pray for my partners everyday; not once a month but everyday. And I promise you, my God who had been faithful to me all these years will be faithful to my partners also in Jesus’ name."
"Yet, something that wasn’t quite as well built up. That, for those of you who might be curious, was the relationship between Ansel and Sophia. For something so small and mostly trivial, it’s ironic that it’s the thing that irritated me the most about this book. Why it annoyed me so, I have no other reason than “damn you people who love without entertaining angst neither independently nor direct at each other to read about”. Needless to say, I’m quite confused too. But apparently my curse had some effect because the people who seemed the most upbeat suffered the most in the long run. I suppose this must be a signal from my latent psychic abilities. I should probably correspond with those soon. Anyhow, on the front that devotes it’s time to pursuing genuine issues seems to have become obsessed with the rather bizarre concept of souls in the story, which seemingly appeared out of nowhere, and while it did hold some relevance to the plot (it flaunted it, in fact. It was a bit like the setting, although in a more “look at this expensive new gadget” type way.), it didn’t really fit in with the rest of the story. Other than that, there weren’t any glaring flaws, other than the actual story takes a while to realise the direction it’s going, instead of just pouring in copious amounts of foreshadowing into the story. This is did occur, but it is not advised – plots often become rather giddy when exposed to large amounts of foreshadowing."
"I realize that our job is to raise them in the nurture and admonition of the Lord; that we are to live out loud for Jesus in front of them and that we are to equip them in the Word. I also realize they are responsible to God for the choices they make once they become adults."
"Honestly you did it to yourself"
"One of my favorite shows: How I Met Your Mother. I watched loads of TV as a kid but as I got older I began to think of it as a distraction. I couldn’t help but feel guilty when I sat down to watch it. I couldn’t relax and would find something that I thought was more productive to do. Nonsense."
"Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds Into my arms AUS"
"Marah – Doors open at 8:00 p.m. - The Mohawk Place"
"now that i have eyes"
"My husband and I saw a comedian on television Saturday night. Her mother, a democrat, had been the social secretary in the Regan White House. That would not happen today. She talked about a time when she and her family went to parties in Washington and the room was filled with Democrats and Republicans. According to her, that does not happen anymore. Everyone is off in their own little corner, blaming the guys over there."
"How to Submit Your Poem:"
"4-6 slices of thick toast (we used French whole wheat)"
"A good place to start would be the denunciation of some of the more outlandish ideas I have presented in other forms of media. For instance, I was never abducted by aliens (that I can remember) and I am not from some alternate dimension (that I know of). The downside of this is that quite a few stranger than fiction moments have absolutely occurred in my life and I would hate for people to feel as though I’m manufacturing anything."
"Like I said, nothing too interesting. Except, the dad, who is having some trouble at home, meets one of the other kid's moms, who is, apparently, quite the milf. He tries to play it off all cool, but he's totally staring at her tits the whole time he's talking to her. Inevitably, he has to take something over to the other kids house, and the mom, who happens to be a smoking hot divorcee, invites him in and then they fuck."
"Wait a minute. There’s something going on here! It’s almost as if nature hates us. Or it’s just that it’s out of our control."
"I truly do not think Mitt Romney knows what he says until he says it. Then someone has to tell him he's done it again, committed a faux pas."
"I still remember us singing together, \"In the Year 2525\" and laughing about the lyrics. We also sang it into the telephone for crank calls, which of course, you can't make any more. (The kids have no idea what they're missing.)"
"I think the biggest advice I could give is “just do it.” If you have an idea, if you have a passion, don’t wait. The timing is never right. Life is too short not to do what you love. And I found out that when you do what you love- especially something that’s good for the world-you usually find a way to make it work."
"I always wondered what Korean people think about Turkey and Turkish people. I was in high school during 2002 World Cup. I was shocked when i see the large Turkish flag on the stadium carried by Koreans. Maybe there were always a love for Korean people in Turkish community. But that was the time I realized that. Two cultures have many similarities, and during the Korean War Turkey sent soldiers to Korea and there is a cemetery for Turkish soldiers in Busan. And during World Cup we felt like we were at our homeland."
"So we stood up from the recliner and I told him we were going to march, and showed him, when your left knee comes up you have to touch it with your right hand. Then your right knee comes up and you have to touch it with your left hand. I did it too, and especially standing there staring at him I kept getting my hands messed up- and he laughed. It was quick, but it was genuine- he was happy in that little instant."
"The backbone of the website is a page dedicated to details of the office operation. In addition to chiropractic treatment, the doctor also offers rehabilitation and massage. He keeps office hours Monday through Friday, which include a prolonged lunch break from noon to 3:30 p.m. during which I imagine Dr. Muschik goes home and lies down. Next to a photograph of the doctor rubbing the lower back of a prone but fully clothed man is the practice’s 11-point “no wait policy”. This has little to do with how long you’ll be leafing through Adjustments Today magazines in the waiting room. It’s more about automobile injuries, attorney referrals, car accidents and how close to the hospital the office is located (almost within walking distance – good for patients but not so great for the collision-obsessed doctor)."
"MJ: You have recently launched your ‘Weird Science’ label, how is that doing?"
"Choices are the hinges of destiny."
"‘no, you –’"
"Depending on how many public keys you’ve already collected, and how many key pairs you have already generated, your window may display more information than my screenshot below. As you can see, my test user Joe User has just a single key pair that we’re going to back up. I’ve highlighted this key by left-clicking once on it."
"So, you see where I'm coming from. You see my dilemma."
"the jewish guilt-trip"
"\"Yes, positive. Oh...and congratulations on winning such a...prestigious...contest.\""
"Do not, do not, DO NOT focus on the overall goal, it will only frustrate and overwhelm you. Baby steps. If you want to write a book, that’s great. A person can only read one page at a time, so why not write the same way. It’s good to have a plan, but in the early stages of writing, it’s not that big a deal. Channel your energy on the little things and it will build into something bigger. If you write three pages a day, every day, you will have a 300+ page book in 4 months. Imagine what you can do with the rest of the year."
"I think that’s it for now. Have to go finish laundry and getting our stuff together before we head back to camp."
"If you forgive someone, God forgives him but as per Mt. 6/14-15 or Mark 11/25-26, God forgives you also or via versa…"
"The following is an Author! Author! essay that appeared in that issue. Deborah Crombie writes the Duncan Kincaid/Gemma James crime novels set in the United Kingdom. Latest in the series is No Mark Upon Her (Wm. Morrow). Crombie lives in North Texas with her husband, German shepherds, and cats, and divides her time between Texas and Britain."
"Let's kick this off with an inspiration photo:"
"Good grief, Dome, it's not 1996 anymore. Phoning somewhere to buy tickets is so insanely backwards. I wanna buy them online damn it. Sort your crappy system out."
"Getting brushed"
"But in the early 60s, I had to content myself with watching all of Bond’s illegitimate children on tv."
"JW: I remember we moved during the middle of sixth grade. One of my teachers that year in Bensalem, PA., asked the class to write down their favorite group. Three Dog Night won, closely followed by Sly & The Family Stone. I was a little puzzled by that result, having written down The Rolling Stones."
"1 scornfully"
"National Democratic Party spokesman Ali El Dean Hillal in his office at NDP headquarters. After agreeing to talk to us, he refused to talk about the 2011 presidential election and whether or not Hosni Mubarak would run again."
"Stamps: Mark's Finest Papers A Heinrich Co - Spring Flowers"
"You know that commercial where the lady is a wind up toy, and she slowly winds down because of her depression? And the voice over comes on and says stupidly inane things like-“Who does depression effect? Everyone.” I hate that commercial. Loathe it. It makes me roll my eyes so hard that I can cause a mental tidal wave to break into a head ache at times. Each and every time I see it, I end up saying something truly sensitive and understanding like, “Suck it up, Sallie! What the hell could be so bad?” The worst part is that I suffer from bouts of depression. But we all do. There’s nothing superbly sacred about it- there is not one person on this planet that hasn’t been depressed at one point. “Suicide is a major, preventable public health problem. In 2007, it was the tenth leading cause of death in the U.S., accounting for 34,598 deaths. The overall rate was 11.3 suicide deaths per 100,000 people. An estimated 11 attempted suicides occur per every suicide death.” (as in Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Injury Prevention and Control. Web-based Injury Statistics Query and Reporting System (WISQARS) )"
"2 whether"
"Finally, I finished this painting today, just in time for our final grad class/critique this coming Tuesday night. One thing I learned most when working on this one was to never, ever go into a piece expecting to finish early. I really rushed into this painting from the start, convinced I'd have it completed in a couple of classes, then on to the next one. Nope, it just doesn't work that way, at least for me, and quite the opposite occurred. As a result of rushing early on, I ended up having to fix a lot of mistakes and some not-so-happy accidents. Most notable was when I was walking to class from my car, through the parking lot, painting in tow while a mighty wind blew. The wind ended up blowing the painting into my jacket zipper causing a minor, but very noticeable patch of scratch marks. I wasn't too happy about this and upon getting to class, promptly mixed what I thought was the right color combination, and instead used the wrong type of blue (without even testing it out on another surface). This began a chain of unfortunate events that evening, as it seemed like each consecutive step I took with the painting made it worse, until I ended up having to basically redo the entire piece, where I once thought I would be finished. This was extremely frustrating, and at one point I wanted to throw it off the nearest bridge, after kicking the crap out of it first. After getting over the original frustration and accepting the fact that I simply need to slow down, I was good. Even my teacher said something to me that I tell my elementary art students all the time, and that was that I shouldn't worry, it's not a race. So, I needed to practice what I preach. Once again, I have to give my wife and her painterly eye, and her kind but sometimes brutal opinion, lots of credit regarding this painting. There were a few times I thought I had completed this, but like Yoda with his cane whacking Luke's behind, she reminded me just how much more needed to be done. Even last night I had thought this was finished, but she told me to sleep on it and to look at it again Sunday morning and see if I still thought it was done. After another hour of reworking the sky and getting another layer of clouds in, it finally looked finished. It should be interesting to hear what my colleagues say at the critique, and there is the possibility of working even more clouds into the piece. I find that letting go of my ego and pride, and accepting kind advice from people has been the absolute best thing I could possibly do in order to grow as an artist. For now though, I'll call it finished."
"One might well ask, “Wasn’t Saul saved by grace?” Such thinking might come from 1 Timothy 1:16 as Paul recalls his past days."
"But text mining and mirror reading are not so useful in the case of Romans because Paul isn’t writing to a church he founded, and because of that, he pulls his punches, tones down his language and works much more subtly than in, say, Galatians or 1 Corinthians. So scholars who simply look for the specifics of the letter or mirror read into it find some of the reasons Paul writes, but not the core issue. So, yes, he wanted support for his proposed trip to Spain, and yes, he wanted to address divisions within the Roman church, and yes, he wanted prayer, if not money, for his collection for Jerusalem."
"“Ummm, welllll, I kinda left my new Coat ($50 Costco coat) at the restaurant…on accident, so I guess (Hand now totally covering an eating crap kinda grin)…I will have to wear my Buzz and Woody Sweatshirt.”"
"Today I walked down to the Hungarian Pastry Shop. Usually I would have to walk up to the Hungarian Pastry Shop, but, seeing as I find myself in the blur between Harlem and the Upper West Side, I got to perform the rare task of walking down in order to get someplace."
"It's day 23 of the daily dog scratchin'. By that I mean, since the kickstarter project funded on April 7th, and I began receiving the dog photos and stories it's been 23 days. There are about 29 dogs already drawn in one stage of the process, or even completed and ready to go. I've got about 20+ more dogs to draw. I'm keeping that number open because those of you who didn't jump in to the project during the campaign still have a chance to be in the book with your dog. Or just your dog in the book with the story of how you came together. If you contact me we can make arrangements for payment and getting the information. Right now at 50+ dogs the book is going to be over 100 pages. That's great. It feels like a 'real' book at that size. I must admit, in the beginning of this project I was afraid it would be a thin little thing...you all have helped to make this bigger and better than I could imagine. I thank you. And really, it has been such a joy and pleasure drawing these dogs and reading the stories. I don't want it to end, so I'd best start dragging my heels on the drawings! The above dogs are Blackie (b&w and finished), Booger (not finished), Gracie and her dino (not finished), Hattie Anne, and Hammy. You can see more at my facebook page (Linda Sheets Art), or at earlier posts on this blog. Now, more dog scratchin'..."
"Here is another 13 inch doll, Zombie Zoey, inbetween two of the smaller dolls, Eris and Celina. Don't fret, Zoey has excellent will power."
"Shoot"
"By SEDIR: (Yvon Le Loup, 1871 – 1926) CHRISTIAN MYSTIC"
"Did you ever have one of those day? Sure you have, we all have. In fact, I’m having one today, actually it started yesterday. There I was, feeling very creative and productive working away on some materials for my business. Then it happened, one simple question from my daughter and I’m stressed about a legal issue I never even considered. This may be a more extreme example of “one of those days” but I’ve definitely had my share of the run-of -the-mill type as well. One small event messes up your plans, you start to dwell on that one slip-up and then, everything else seems to go down hill from there."
"*A flank of Riot squad guards enters the room. They stand at attention in two lines, creating a pathway between them.*"
"Achieving vaginal BAC is core business of midwifery. It's where the midwife's skill is most needed, and where an experienced midwife is confident and in her element."
"The Falcons didn’t have a first round pick, but I think they should’ve addressed safety much earlier than they did, and I would’ve been more concerned with reloading the defensive line than the offensive line. With all that said, the players they took were all solid prospects."
"What are you doing for your Mom's? We decorated and planted some great little flower pots!"
"Once torn away"
"I want to go A-wassailing ( wait what is that again?)"
"3 tbsp maple syrup"
"streetside cafe in France"
"For one thing, the frequent stock footage of Collinswood outside at night and day looks just like the outline of Tegel Manor! And the interiors of Collinswood and the dilapidated old house next door practically screams “Tegel!” Even Barnabas’ speech early on describing the creation of Collinswood from local lumber and imported stone seems to be a description of the building of the great house of Tegel. This is super inspiring stuff for Tegel adventuring."
"Notable online stories and magazines:"
"....and because I know moms love this kind of thing, I added a popular and meaningful scripture, which in English says, \"I will go and do what the Lord has commanded.\" I thought I was original, but then the 16-year-old girl reminded me that my photographer friend Shauna had used this scripture on a photo of her son. She said I was copying. It all came back to me then, that yes, indeed, this is where the original inspiration had come from. Hope you don't mind me copying you, Shauna! It's the highest form of flattery! Here is the same photo with again, some simple cross-processing and vignette action...."
"Meanwhile, economists and research institutes have warned that Britain’s economy will continue to struggle with factors such as high inflation, rising unemployment and uncertainty in its exports market, which is strongly affected by eurozone debt."
"The ocean waves sweep even doves"
"Will you love me? Will you?"
"Recently, we looked at David Fulmer and the innovative Five Stones Press. Fulmer spent many years with a mainstream publisher before finding himself out of favour and searching for a way to publish his latest novel, The Fall. In a retracting publishing climate, authors are finding it increasing difficult to gain publication—even within the mainstream industry—so much so, we are seeing a growing trend of authors looking to alternative paths outside of the recognised traditional publishing machine."
"Roast in the oven for about 35 to 40 minutes."
"My penultimate morning in England was a grey affair. It was a biting cold march day and I was to meet John to say goodbye. When I met him he was in the middle of some weird methadone sell whereby he'd earn £180, and so our last morning together was spent trawling around Shepherds Bush trying to track down a one legged addict called Jack The Peg. When we eventually found Jack – slopping down a free breakfast at The Great Commision Ministry Church – he told us through a mouthful of soupy porridge that he needed to cash his sick benefit before he could buy John's methadone. All together, walking at the pace of a man with one leg and two rusty crutches, we pigeon stepped it (Jack in the singular) down to the Post Office and queued up behind the dead, the pregnant and the insane."
"If you had to face a change in employment, where would you like to work?"
"I am not a rich man. But I am a fairly well-paid professional who does not smoke, gamble, entertain expensive women, or otherwise fritter away money. My wife is equally boring, so we normally finish the week with a little extra money. I would like to spend my excess money on a swimming pool and nice holidays. But I’m starting to think that I need to spend the money on a “Holiday Home” that could double as a Doomstead. I can tell you that I would far prefer the nice holiday in Cairns or Fiji, but we don’t always get the future we want do we?"
"and each other...."
"In contrast, Chris is repressed and oppressed, unhappily married to a shrew (Rosalind Ivan) who he's never loved, who he married only out of a sense of desperate loneliness. When he's arguing with his wife about his paintings, he tells her, \"I never saw a woman without any clothes,\" to which she huffily responds, \"I should hope not,\" a perfect encapsulation of their sexless, miserable marriage. The film is full of moments like this; Dudley Nichols' screenplay crackles with clever dialogue and charged exchanges in which sex and violence are hidden within every line. The film is drenched in sex, its tension arising from the friction between the simmering repression of Chris and the over-ripe sensuality of Kitty. He asks to paint her and instead she reclines on the bed and sticks out her leg at him, stretching her foot out and telling him to paint her nails: \"they'll be masterpieces.\" In another scene, Johnny wakes up after a drunken night and looks around the room, the camera panning over the scattered clothes and possessions of Kitty, strewn across the floor, the woman herself stepping out of an adjacent room in lingerie and an open robe."
"As with every recipe that I have tried and tested, you know that it has to be virtually fail proof, because I refuse to measure precisely."
"However, as a follow up, I got this message from Janet Reid:"
"In other words, I’m getting ready for a weekend of celebrating and enjoying the company of my husband, whom I have seen very little of lately. There will likely be consumption of alcoholic beverages. There will likely be over indulgence in aforementioned cake. There will likely be making out (etc). Or maybe we’ll both just pass out by 9:30 (more likely)."
"Rolland"
"What some of you may not know...Hazel has been playing along with us since pretty much the beginning of the Shoe! And the absolutelyfabulous card above is our most favorite of all her entries over the past two years! Congratulations Hazel! Please feel free to grab our Shoe of the Week badge from the sidebar!"
"THIS IS SPINAL TAP (Christopher Guest, Michael McKean, Harry Shearer, Rob Reiner)"
"Jesus then said IN A BIG AND POWERFUL AND LOUD WAY!,..(actual phrase is, “He cried with a loud voice!!!) “LAZARUS, COME FORTH!!!,…correct?"
"In the 1970s, the great man of Uganda, Idi Amin, rescued his nation from the parasites who were economically raping it. The majority of these people came from the Indian sub-continent, and should have returned to their own homelands. Instead they were flown into the UK, to take up residence in the North, Midlands and London. Having proven themselves to be such a danger to the host nation of Uganda that they had to be removed, why is anyone surprised that they have acted in exactly the same manner in the UK?"
"with my mother's parents"
"And he was definitely a catch."
"Supplies: Glitz Design “French Kiss” Papers Glitz Design “Happy Travels” Papers Glitz Design “French kiss” Peek-A-Boos Glitz Design “Happy Travels, Pretty in Pink” Cardstock Stickers Glitz Design Teeny Alphas Glitz Design “French Kiss” Whatnots Glitz Design “French Kiss and Happy Travels\" Epoxy Stickers Glitz Design “French Kiss” Acrylic Stamps Other: Zutter Bind-It All Zutter O Wires (Antique 1 ¾”) Zutter Chipboard 4”X4” Flower: Maya Road Stickpin: Maya Road Charm: Epiphany Crafts Bubble Cap: Epiphany Crafts Epoxy Tool: Epiphany Crafts Button Tool: Epiphany Crafts Buttons: Epiphany Crafts Baker’s Twine: Scrap Pantry (Esty) Heart punch: Creative Memories Glue: Beacon’s Zip Dry Glimmer Mists: Tattered Angels Chalkboard Mists: Tattered Angels Paint: Tattered Angels"
"Oh Saviour, make us like Thyself; we wish not so much to do, as to be. If"
"I eluded to the fact that there were big changes heading my way, and I wasn't kidding. Over the last few weeks, I have transitioned from my job at Cartoon Network in Atlanta, to a new position at Row Sham Bow in Orlando. This is a new studio, packed with unbelievable talent, and it feels like a great fit already. Our first game is in beta right now, and I am very excited about my future here. I will share more about the new digs here on the blog very soon."
"Student : Sir, you are working on the premise of duality. You argue there is life and then there is death, a good GOD and a bad GOD. You are viewing the concept of GOD as something finite, something we can measure. Sir, Science can’t even explain a thought. It uses electricity and magnetism, but has never seen, much less fully understood either one. To view death as the opposite of life is to be ignorant of the fact that death cannot exist as a substantive thing."
"Here's a key, in case you haven't noticed: politicians always accuse each other of doing what they know they would do (or are actually doing at the moment) in the same circumstances. The classic example is when each party accuses the other of \"playing politics\". Of course they are, scooter, and so are you!"
"Reports are coming in from both the official and twinkinfo forums that F2P accounts who have locked their experience gain at levels below 20 are gaining experience. Even if the experience is manually turned off again, they continue to gain experience."
"The episode as a whole wasn’t particularly awful, but this one moment elevated the enjoyment to new heights."
"Just across the road from the Castle is Forbidden Planet, which is where we headed when we'd finished with History, and after browsing the SF and comics we were in need of liquid refreshment. The Goat Major was nearby, and proved to be a very fine pub, serving Brains and a guest (a Scottish beer from somewhere the bar tender wouldn't attempt to pronounce!)."
"life-destroying industries such as taxation and the judicial"
"At this point you might be \"fussed-out\" from rolling, cutting, decorating, and eating fancy cookies during the December baking season. These Raisin Pecan Spice Bars are a perfect January treat: they are simple to throw together and their warm spices, nuts, and dried fruit make them very welcome if you're caught in deep winter's chilly grip."
"2) 4X3 Snatch Balance (NO heaving) – rest 60 sec."
"Pushing the boundaries of what fans have come to expect from the record-setting entertainment franchise, Call of Duty®: Black Ops 2 propels players into a near future, 21st Century…"
"Taylor’s family might not be the closest-knit – everyone is a little too busy and overscheduled – but for the most part, they get along fine. Then they get news that changes everything: Her father has pancreatic cancer, and it’s stage four – meaning that there is basically nothing to be done. Her parents decide that the family will spend his last months together at their old summerhouse in the Pocono Mountains."
"So, here was my response to her question as to why was His Love enough now?"
"The conversation went a little something like this:"
"She seemed to appreciate all and calmed down very quickly. I also gave her 2 grams of Bute, put standing wraps on her hind legs, before we finally left for the night."
"It is amazing the amount of time that can be lost so quickly to the distraction of all sorts of electronic devices. Yes… That includes computers (blogs). :)"
"Whether gathered around a table in a Sunday school room or at the house of a fellow mom, we’d let our children play for hours and talk."
"I know, I circle all my candyflosses endlessly and dive like a love-drunk kingfisher again and again into the same cherry blossom."
"The single caution that I might raise regarding Holiday Cheer is that it is not a beer for getting drunk on. As is common with many more flavorful but low alcohol content beers, the intriguing flavor that draws you in is also the element that makes you feel bad if you drink too many. Consider yourself warned, friends."
"Frosted the top and decorated with swirls of chocolate ganache."
"I left Cam and Livi by themselves. I put them on speaker phone and wore my running shoes. I figured the school was just down the block- if I heard a fire break out I could call 911 and make it back before the fire truck got there."
"But I miss the blog writers well ... writing. And commenting, And arguing. And thinking."
"However, my tardiness means that all the others have now described our wonderful lunch together far better than I ever could – more eloquent, more clever, less penis jokes."
"Thank God I found the good in goodbye!"
"Being absolutely honest - I am still a bit freaked out about it even after a couple of weeks now and I try not to look at it, however the benefits are immense as blood is taken and drugs administered without you feeling a thing saves your arm veins getting shot to pieces."
"Mister Morton fenced in and electronically gated a majority of the original driveway to fashion a squeezy, concrete-paved motor court just about large enough to turn around a Smart Car with a three point turn. Next to the front-facing, two-car garage a shallow inset porch was laid with a luxurious limestone (or some other sort of fancy stone) that continues right on under the monumental front door—an over-sized pivoting wood panel—to a small entry vestibule. The circular motif iron fretwork laid over a giant frosted glass panel to the left of the doorway is repeated throughout the home and makes an obvious (and perhaps extraneous) reference to the home's original swinging sixties architecture."
"not the couples of the animal kingdom,"
"As with Rinne no Lagrange, Bakuman didn’t last long on my ‘stalled’ pile. I was beginning to find it a little repetitive, plus Mashiro and Takagi’s lack of enthusiasm for their gag manga seemed to be rubbing off on me, but the series soon recovered as the side characters were developed further, and character relationships became more intertwined. Ashirogi’s decision to drop a marginally successful publication and gamble on something that’d put them back up with Niizuma in the ratings further strengthened the latter part of the series. I look forward to season 3!"
"Here is a lovely photo of me (if I were a red headed baby with eye problems):"
"Catelynn: \"It's not ugly, I think it's cute...\""
"The afternoon tea we created set the scene for a discussion with the prolific crime writer, Martina Cole on Miss Marple and Agatha Christie. As quintessentially English as the afternoon tea tradition, Miss Marple,in tweed, always unravels the murder as she sips from her china teacup."
"He pours himself a huge mug of strong coffee,"
"They undoubtedly also bent the stick somewhat polemically against Bakunin who, basing himself on the revolutionary potential of the peasantry, – a potential Marx and Engels showed did not exist because of the atomised nature of the peasantry (see Marx – 18th Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte where his class theory is most clearly set out) -argued for the revolutionary nature of these struggles, but, it seems to me, that, in fact, Rosdolsky was right in the 1920’s when he argued that Marx and Engels based themselves on historical materialism, and that he is wrong in his later appraisal. Marx and Engels theory of Historical Materialism certainly does put class at the forefront of explaining historical development. It is certainly within that context that determination of which forces are progressive can be determined. But it is Economistic to think that class is the only criterion utilised by Marx and Engels in orienting themselves in the world they were in. It is quite obvious that nationality and nationalism were and are important cleavages and ideologies running through societies, as well as class, and, as I said at the beginning, struggles, based around nationality, can only be progressive if they are viewed in the context of historical reality, of who is leading those struggles, and by what means. Indeed, nationality, as a cross cutting cleavage, is one that is usually reactionary it cuts across class lines, dividing the working class, and indeed tending to unite sections of the working class with its own bourgeoisie and petit-bourgeoisie. It is not at all surprising, to me, then, that Marx and Engels, especially at a time of heightened revolutionary activity, such as 1848, but not just at that time, should conclude that some such struggles were reactionary, that those conducting them were incapable of using their own internal resources for achieving their aims, that, in order to do so, they had to ally themselves with reactionary international forces – at that time with Tsarist Russia who Marx and Engels viewed in the same way that some Marxists today view the US i.e. a force to be opposed in all circumstances, and almost to be defeated by any means."
"Who is that orange beast rubbing all over my toes in the sunshine? I don't have any idea. Just an orange stranger. He came by Saturday afternoon while I was out on the porch painting and thought my foot made an excellent scratching post. Not scratching me, me scratching him. Vesper stood by with a look of contempt all over her face like, 'How dare you.'"
"My clumsy husband sat on my sunglasses the other day and obviously broke them - the fool. Sod's Law dictated that the sun would shine very brightly that day making my eyes stream. Luckily we headed into Bath and I went looking for some new sunnies."
"I hope you enjoy them – I’ll let you know when the other volumes are up and running. I also plan to release all 7 in an easy-to-access anthology."
"3. Is there a particular passage, phrase or prayer that brings you immediately into God’s presence?"
"But that means button holes…which I don’t know how to do."
"1. A Hummer on a flat bed tow truck, and it was all kinds of wrecked up. I'd hate to see the car it hit, but this one was going to the Hummer Graveyard. Hah fucking hah!"
"The police, Mdluli and Lazarus did not respond to any requests for comment."
"b. William Shatner"
"With that said, I do think there is a lot of room in homeschooling for following personal interests in a way that cannot be facilitated in a classroom setting in the early years. We have about 3 or so solid hours of core content that we must plow through right now but we've got plenty of other time in the day that allows us to follow her curiosity."
"He eloped with his boyfriend before the final exams, and they travelled in east Asia and Europe. After two years he was called home as his mother was dying of kidney failure. His boyfriend called off their relationship, and later married and became a father."
"Update! - Since first beginning to writing this post, I have bought the bottle from eBay. I think I persuaded myself by writing about it! I couldn't resist."
"03 You Better You Bet"
"A new copyright web forum called Copygrounds has been launched by staff and students at the Department of Radio-Television-Film at the University of Texas. The first blog is a fascinating interview with Joel Tenenbaum, who became the poster boy for illegal filesharers around the world after being sued by the Recording Industry Association of America (see previous blogs here!)."
"AGI’s Minority Participation Program is currently accepting applications for the"
"Tinned Sweetcorn 2 Tbsp"
"Wikipedia defines fusion cuisine as:"
"Resist the urge to quote contest reviewers in a query, particularly those who are anonymous. PW comments here do NOT equate to a PW review in the actual magazine. I give ZERO credence to these blurbs cause I have no clue who wrote them, and I'm absolutely convinced that no one says \"this is crap\" in one of these things. Not to say that yours is crap, but trust me, some of them were."
"Spring has almost arrived here in California and this season it means pretty prints and pastels. I was so excited to see mint green, light pink and yellows all over the March & April issues of Vogue. Mrs. FFF has been seriously watching her pennies lately, so I had the perfect opportunity to splurge a couple of weeks ago at the Goodwill Industries 50% off clothes and shoes Presidents Day sale!"
"Sathit seems to think that the public is rather daft and believe anything at all, for he makes the remarkable claim that “the actions taken by the authorities were not aimed at persecuting anyone, or any group of people.” He’s also got a bunch of fairies buzzing around his back garden."
"“Amazing after all this time,” Xu Guan thought to himself. “How could a building like this have gone unnoticed? How could it still remain as it had been months before when the world came to a screeching halt?”"
"But it’s still the second ingredient after water—four teaspoons of it, in fact, in the form of high fructose corn syrup. The secret to keeping this beverage sweet-tasting, however, comes further on down, in the form of aspartame, acesulfame potassium, and sucralose."
"4. Slow walkers"
"Excerpt: “What do you think the Afghan people call the violence that we impose on them? How can we as Americans be so callous, so blinded by our own misplaced righteousness, that we can’t see that we are guilty of the very thing that we claim to be fighting?”"
"King: Women are of low class. They must be used to a lower kind of treatment."
"Gamma Brainwave State (40+ Hz)"
"Anticipating: my wisdom teeth removal...tomorrow! AH! I've been putting this off forever and actually rescheduled this appointment about three times, but finally, the day has come. All four of mine are impacted and all four are coming out. So at 8:50am on Friday think of me as I'm getting teeth ripped out of my head. Yuck."
"Next time you set down to write, let your mind do the work, let creativity drip from the pen and don’t hesitate to make even the most absurd situations or characters. After all, creativity is the absence of limitations."
"But the point is. we have some interesting dynamics at work here in terms of its brightness. You would think Venus would be brightest when it was “full” or near full – just like our Moon. But it isn’t. And you might think it would be brightest when it is closest to us – but then it’s just a thin crescent that we see, so it isn’t. Actually, there’s a compromise position about one third of the way through May 2012 when it is both a crescent – less than 20% of the disc illuminated – and near it’s brightest at magnitude -4.7. After that it gets to be a larger crescent, but it also dims some because so little of the disk is lit. Still, even at the end of the month with just one percent illuminated it is shining at a dazzling - 4.1."
"I have no idea what Sly was thinking here; he already wrote and/or starred in some huge successes with the Rocky and Rambo movies and even scored what could be called a major independent hit (meaning not dependent on the name Rocky or Rambo) with 1981's Nighthawks. He even knew that his persona was silly enough to poke fun at himself with appearances on \"The Muppet Show\" and his delightfully self-effacing interviews on any given talk show of the day. However, Sly plays Lincoln Hawk as the second coming of Jesus, returned to Earth as a truck-driving, arm-wrestling sensitive guy who specializes in soft-spoken monologues and bellowing war cries as he brings down his opponents' arms."
"Level 12: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 132 seconds, ATT: +22."
"“Susan & Sabrina were great, very helpful, and understanding. They were never pushy and made sure we were making the right choices at all times. We would use them again for our next property purchase.”"
"Tulisa shot to the top of the charts yesterday with her single, topping off a stellar week which also saw her named the world’s sexiest woman by FHM magazine."
"So for a zestier lunch today add a little something extra to your meal, try some salsa or guac or mustard and while your taste buds expand and explode with new flavors you can also enjoy knowing that your waist will not!"
"to make batter."
"While it may appear to be little more than a “let’s chase after the MacGuffin” tale, “Dragonfire” has a nice twist at its climax that rather makes the whole search feel worthwhile, and it’s a climax that influences and defines a character – maybe even several characters, so whatever problems “Dragonfire” may have, one of them isn’t that"
"For the past several years, I’ve been experimenting with gamma level brainwave speeds. Its rate is very fast, and takes some getting used to, but it can generate deep levels of compassion."
"In this first testing ground of the atomic bomb I have seen the most terrible and frightening desolation in four years of war. It makes a blitzed Pacific island seem like an Eden. The damage is far greater than photographs can show."
"nae mameul kkok damaseo"
"Dr. Ewart comes in and is the complete professional and all business, which of course makes me more uncomfortable. Sarcasm sets me at ease and he is pretty straight laced. We decide on a size and schedule surgery."
"'Over-come', 'Under-go', 'Over-see', 'Under-blind'(?), 'Over-and-under-bites', 'Under-world', 'Over-land', 'Under-sea', 'Over-react', 'Over-do', 'Under-pass', 'Under-dog', and the most import one:"
"Or perhaps the whole second-hand book market, charitable or otherwise, drives most authors crazy. I can’t say that I’d blame them for worrying about the impact it must have on already fairly minimal incomes. And are books in charity shops passed on so that others can enjoy the good read, or because they aren’t considered interesting enough to keep? (One or the other, I suppose, has to be the case.)"
"Exposure Compensation -1 1/3"
"We all have the same goal, which is to get this insane group of people out of power."
"PicSee Pro is a universal app that is free currently. It normally runs $1.99. While it is an interesting app with oodles of potential, I found the user interface to be a bit clumsy and the menus a little hard to navigate. For instance, it depends on swiping for many of the menus, but you must push very hard to get them to move at all."
"Congratulations Dr. Donald Christian!"
"When my parents were away?"
"I knew I had to write on here, because this is actually the only way that I can express my feelings completely and I know some of my friends read it (actually, one friend and my boyfriend...). I say things better when I write them, sounds ironic but yes, I'd rather solve a problem writing that talking, because sometimes I can't say how I feel, if I write, there's no way of \"unsend\" a sent letter/message/whatever."
"Enter Bane, a swaggering brute of shrewd, cunning intelligence who must wear inhale a drug called Venom that keeps him alive, hence the freaky mask. Freakishly strong, Bane is one of the Batman’s more formidable enemies and he famously broke Batman’s back in the comic’s 1993 “Knightfall” arc. If the Joker challenges Batman on a psychological, philosophical manner, then Bane is all about physical brutality."
"In the final match to be played Sunday afternoon, Flemington went on to win their third straight game of the season; this time over the local Gothams. MELKY was the winning hurler against New York. Melky was a formidable striker as well, batting 4 for 5 against Bugs and the Gothams. As mentioned, there was superlative play in left from Peaches. But Illinois over at first base demonstrated soft and sure hands all day as well. In all, the Neshanock Club won the day in convincing fashion indeed."
"They should not have the information forced upon them."
"How do we respond? What should the church do? How can we alter community perceptions of our role and function?"
"I don’t expect anything in return."
"This event is all about being creative and using up leftovers and giving them a new dimension by preparing a new dish with them in order to avoid food wasteage."
"I have been working on this full time for about 2 years now, and it is now stable, and the new one is ready to roll."
"Track 4 - Ravishing Marilyn ( Behind The Green Door )"
"The girls bottle feeding the orphan lambs ..."
"Now, the reason for this law is that sin stems from the corruption of our heart. Now, what does this mean? John Owen has this amazing quote where he says that ‘…the seat and subject of this law of sin… Scripture everywhere assigns it to be the heart. There indwelling sin keeps its especial residence.’[1]"
"In this article we examine the Seeedstudio ”Bluetooth Bee“ modules and how they can be used in a simple way in conjunction with Android devices to control the Arduino world. Here is an example of a Bluetooth Bee:"
"Ah, peace at last!! My gentle drive home from the hospital is in stark contrast to the week I have had. Busy doesn't cover it. But, at least I am free all weekend. I have great plans for tomorrow morning - I won't be surfacing until at least noon."
"Otherwise, we can keep the current income tax rate structure as is and as it will be later when the Bush tax cuts expire with tax rates and deductions reverting to the levels of the growth-filled 1990s. The new and higher personal exemptions will improve tax fairness. (A special 15% rate for direct investment can be separately set up to encourage business expansion.)"
"The acting, pretty much by unknowns exclusively, is nearly uniform in its stiffness. None of the performers really capture my attention and create characters that I want to spend time with. I found my attention wandering throughout the movie, glancing at my iPhone and playing mah-jongg when I got bored which was frequently."
"-Punk throws chairs into the ring before throwing Jericho into the ring."
"Flare-Up! Moving, again – 3 different states"
"Today, I come in, the bookcases are now missing. But the kicker? The whiteboard in my office."
"I was scared to make quinoa at first, the name is so fancy I thought it would be hard or to time consuming, but it was SO easy! The fact that it looked exactly like bird seed threw me off a bit at first too, but it came out great! Quinoa has lots of protein and fiber and they were really filling."
"The study of language has been important in modern philosophy. Wittgenstein talked about the “bewitchment” of language. This is customary in public relations and advertising but in political propaganda it is manipulation not bewitchment. An example of how the elites try to change our thinking by changing our vocabulary was in The Sun online on January 14th. It reported that the government had published guidelines for the media suggesting some words and stories about non-white crime be dropped. Words to be suppressed: “immigrant,” “illegal immigrant,” “illegal asylum seeker,” “bogus asylum seeker,” “non-white,” “non-Christian,” “mixed race,” “half-caste,” “mulatto.” There is the substitution of euphemistic terms for those that reflect reality as in the official designation of “Anti-Islamic activity” for Muslim terrorists."
"In 1890 Anne's sister, Emily, who was in a state of depression following the death of her husband, threw herself from the battlements of Jesmond Towers and is said to haunt the school to this very day: she is referred to as the Pink Lady."
"Two iPhone photos I took after the show (the videos above were also done on my iPhone), The first photo is of my son who performed above, and the other of his father and our youngest son... (who played in the volleyball sandpit the entire show. :)"
"-Project Must be BABY THEMED and use at least 1 Magnolia Stamp"
"All supplies used are Close to my Heart:"
"thousand"
"Although this is the second pumpkin-related recipe here on the blog, I have to admit that before this year, I used to avoid pumpkin like the plague. No joke. I guess I had bad memories of how pumpkin tasted like - my mom used to stir fry it with some soupy substance which till today I have no idea what it is. No thank you. I guess it's also a sign that my tastebuds are maturing somewhat - I used to think brinjals (aubergines) were icky too, but I've come to accept them, same for salted egg yolks and sweet potatoes. I still don't really like bitter gourds except when cooked in an omelette though."
"We are, as they say, pleased as punch to upload a handful of some imagery and designs from our new Themes that will soon be available via our greatly-updated App."
"First things first. I snagged a cute binder from my second home, Target, and added some lettering to the cover, to label the contents."
"Knowledge can be gleaned from books, from hearing others talk, from copying. But understanding, whilst it might start off that way, is something much deeper."
"Today was my very first day of student teaching! I have been so nervous for this day and am happy to report it was my best first day of school ever! I have never felt more welcome at a school than I do this one.. by both the my teacher, the staff and the students. I felt right at home as soon as I entered the front doors of the school and knew immediately that it was going to be a wonderful semester!"
"Everytime she has tried, she has been caught and brought back again."
"I'm not sure I even want 72 virgins. I think maybe 4 or 5 virgins, and the rest very warm, loving women."
"PLUS a snippet about your product and a link to your website."
"American Indian Airways regularly broadcasts every Wednesday from 3-4 p.m.(Pacific Time) on KPFK FM 90.7 Los Angeles; FM 98.7 Santa Barbara; and by Internet with Real Media Player, Winamp and Itunes."
"So what should Benue State"
"Got a thumb?"
"PASTOR HAGEE: If a Jewish person asks me about what it requires to be a Christian, I’m delighted to tell them. But I do not target Jewish people for salvation."
"In less than a year I filled most of the pages of 5 small notebooks with my awkward handwriting. Then I was accepted Moscow State University to study Philosophy and saw no reason to continue the diary."
"I really enjoy the Windsor’s scones, too. They always have two choices of tasty scones, a seasonal one such as cranberry or pumpkin and a classic one like maple or oat. They are very good. Not the best I’ve had (that honor would go to these incredible scones I had in the Clinton Hill section of Brooklyn, I think it was at Choice Greene, this magical artisanal cheese, grocer, baker and charcuterie shop near BAM, scones that were so authentically British and perfect in every way, they were better than some I’ve had in England! I also love the very Scottish/Irish scones at Babington’s Tea Room in Rome, which are dry and dense and crumbly and are served with freshly whipped clotted cream and Italian strawberry jam. Babington’s is a 19th-century tea room started up by two Englishwomen and it’s like stepping back in time. Some noted British food critics have claimed it’s more of an “English tea experience than one you’ll find in London, very classic.”"
"8.Donate old toys and clothes. As your kids and your family grow older, you’re eventually going to outgrow your clothes and move onto better toys. But instead of letting them sit on a dusty shelf or throwing them away, be sure to donate them to younger cousins, friends of the family, or Salvation Army."
"I’m trying not to take it personally."
"Second, it's a Mets card."
"*Many larger churches offer Upward sports for the child who wants to play ball (basketball, soccer, baseball, flag football), but without all the competition (the focus is on good sportsmanship, developing new skills, and evangelism). There is a fee for Upward sports, but it is reasonable (and the time committment is less than with most city leagues)."
"I did not use any stamp on them but use alphabet sticker instead."
"Drug Distribution and Exercise"
"1 3/4 cup filtered water plus more for soaking."
"There is no logic in luck"
"Days in the shed are much more fun now I have heating..... I am so at home in there, with all my things around me and being able to sew and then leave something half finished on the table is such a treat :)"
"On the 13th March post I mentioned that I was starting a new project."
"5. Scout aka Robyn is incredible! She writes not only her blog, but for her local newspaper, she's a musician, she makes gorgeous jewelry and is just all around FANTASTIC!"
"4:00 pm"
"Hello there! First let me say that I am a big fan of your blog! I am not always the most organized person (lol, my husband would probably say that is an understatement) but reading your blog keeps me motivated and inspired to keep trying. I love that your projects are pretty, inspiring, AND functional. That's a rare combo!"
"My young computer Padawan was asking me questions about older computers today showing off his new voluminous A+ certification study guide."
"In October 2011, a lawsuit against Sotheby's and Christie's commenced in Los Angeles (reported in Art and Artifice here). The claimants - a class of artists including Chuck Close, Laddie John Dill and the estate of Robert Graham (and, in Christie's case, the Sam Francis Foundation) - are arguing that the auction houses unlawfully failed to collect the 5% artist's resale royalty that California law demands. The state's Resale Royalty Act (CRRA) says that:"
"The MIC has selected Hindu Sangam president R. S. Mohan Shan, Universiti Malaya’s former head of Indian Studies Department Dr S. Singaravelu, the department’s current head, Associate Professor Dr S. Kumaran, MIC education bureau chairman Datuk Dr T. Marimuthu and former education ministry official G. Krishnabagwan to be in the panel."
"There’s your set up. Sonia is played by the Russian actress Kseniya Rappoport. She’s quite good in this role which calls for her to be somewhat haunted, mysterious, sexy, and there are other things about her that you can’t quite put your finger on."
"Yet will I see through my severest losses"
"When God gets ready to move, He takes those who are willing and have prepared themselves as holy, pure vessels."
"20 workers at $12.50 per day ($250 cost)"
"Alright, now I've got the majority of the stuff into the suitcases, but I can't find my house keys. I've spent the last 45 minutes tearing my desk apart looking for them, but now that I think about it I'm pretty sure they got left in the ignition after the car accident. I'm pretty sure I remember my aunt telling me the guy who towed it would mail them to me. Oy this is stressful."
"-Oil (we used olive and safflower)"
"The American then asked why didn’t he stay out longer and catch more fish?"
"A couple of weeks ago, Kristin called to see if we wanted to go to the lake with them! Um...let me think about that for a second...YES!!!! Going on out on a boat is my favorite thing to do. It's a piece of heaven for me."
"It's moist and tangy, with a tight crumb."
"1. You need only season your cast iron pans once or twice a year. In between, you can clean them with hot water (boiling, if you’re worried about germs and the like, but let’s be honest – not many of them would survive a rapid frying), or with a paste made of oil and salt if you have a stubborn mess. Then you simply dry it off and pop it back in the cupboard."
"And he pulled out our food processor."
"as a brotherhood and a sisterhood,"
"Invasive? Yes."
"The Amazon subsidiary CreateSpace produced 21,819 books in 2009, while Lulu.com released 10,386. Xlibris and AuthorHouse, two imprints of AuthorSolutions, produced 10,161 and 9,445, title respectively.Bowker's press release rounds out its top ten POD book producers with few more numbers: General Books LLC, 11,887; International Business Publications USA, 8,271; PublishAmerica, 5,698 (I hate to admit that PA is tops in anything, but there it is)."
"I found this card while having a sort out and realised I hadn't taken any pictures so out came my camera and voila ( that's such a strange word VOILA mmmnn ) I've used the fantastic new papers from Whimsy with this card I just love the papers Michelle s making at the moment they are sooooo cute."
"Ely cathedral decided years later to never replace the statues, as a monument to how we are all impoverished when religious fervor goes to far."
"About 30 people arrived at the Tan Hill Inn in North Yorkshire on New Year's Eve to welcome in 2010."
"Today I created a new world. A digital world devoted solely to all my social media accounts. All those months ago, I thought blogging would result in a few extra emails and tied everything into our home email address. At the time, I also ticked every conceivable chance for Blogger, Facebook and Twitter to send me emails. Add to this, countless newsletter subscriptions. Sound familiar? The result: I am drowning in emails and losing sight of my life. Net Net Result: Mr. H and kids are grumpy with Mrs. H."
"whole and figure out what was claimed? Don t you begin with the specificat ion? What"
"The Human Centipede 2 is a hilarious movie. Even more so than its predecessor. A lot of it is unintentional, but some of it, Tom Six is doing with a wink. Look, he wears a stetson. You don't wear a stetson if you're the sort of person who takes yourself seriously. For all the furore, outrage and thinking of the children, The Human Centipede 2 is ultimately a piece about twelve people being forced to do ass-to-mouth. It's more seriously done here, but it is still not really a serious film. And when it does try to be serious, it fails in almost every way."
"else sings along."
"Then, the other morning, I reached down to pick up what I thought was black yarn (I really need to clean my glasses, evidently), and it was one of these little guys:Northern ringneck? Southern ringneck? Anyway, he has a ringed neck. I found this pic on the internet."
"1. Blues As Blues Can Get (5:36)"
"This graph shows that effect."
"Brought together through trickery, separated through duty, Gabriel and Eden find that their worlds have changed, for both are recognizing more and more that the bond that will make them complete will not be denied. It is forever in her character to fight that which she cannot battle, and Gabriel will use whatever means in his arsenal of tricks to complete their bond and hold her to his side, until no longer able or willing to deny the love that haunts her, she becomes his in body, mind and soul. It is a coming together that binds not only one, but both, as the words they share in bonding declares. “You are mine, I am yours. Together, we are one.”"
"“Most people who make the effort to come to Mafia are of a particular mindset,” said Michelle Vickers, who was raised in Tanzania and lived in Britain before returning four years ago with her husband, John, to open Ras Mbisi Lodge, an eco-conscious resort on the west side of the island. “They aren’t looking for incredibly high-end luxury. They just want a place to chill out, relax, and not feel that because they’ve chosen to stay somewhere sustainable that it has to be hard work.”"
"A few people have asked me why I call my bi-weekly, bizarre ramblings, “Simple Thoughts.” They’ve said that maybe I should call them “Complex Thoughts,” or possibly “Deep Thoughts.” My wife on the other hand thinks it would be more fitting to use titles such as: Messed up thoughts, deranged thoughts, stoner thoughts, or this is your brain on drugs thoughts. She believes that a normal functioning brain should never be able to come up with these thoughts. I think I’ll just keep calling them simple thoughts. My thought processes may be a little different from most people, but I like to think of myself as an average, simple, uncomplicated man. Why don’t you just sit back, relax, and enjoy the strangeness."
"Please clink your royal teacups together in my honor!"
"Starting at the outside edge of the tart, dollop the meringue over the entire surface of the hot lemon curd. Make sure the meringue comes right up to the curst and there are no gaps between the crust and the lemon curd. With your spoon, gently press down on the meringue to get rid of air pockets and smooth the meringue over the curd. Swirl the meringue and make some decorative peaks. Return to the oven and bake for about 10-15 minutes until the meringue has lightly browned."
"Some of the kids took long naps, so things were slow at first. Then after they ate, Mihaela, my mom and I took Ion, Alina, and Marius outside. We stayed out most of the afternoon playing and walking around, which was tiring, but was nice to get the fresh air! When we went back upstairs we found Nicoletta's mom waiting! She claims to be taking her to Cluj for medical care by way of ambulance to Bucharest, then helicopter?? We aren't sure about that part, but the mom is definitely taking her somewhere, as she had a bag packed and was spending the night at the hospital. I guess we will find out tomorrow!"
"Then, put back in the 350 degree oven for 1 hour. Bake until you can see the apples bubbling. Then pull from the oven and let cool at least 1 hour, but 2 would be better. Cut squares, 4x5 bars in a 9x 13 pan. Use a fork or spatula to serve to be able to get under the pie crust and serve out like a bar. You can use your hands or a fork to eat. It will still be a bit messy and crumbly like a pie or crisp, but you have more control over it because you cut the squares. You can serve slightly warm or cold."
"No music. No editing."
"So let me get right to the point. Our beloved Goatmother has been diagnosed with breast cancer. Yes, it is that awful 'C' word. At first no one could even utter the word. We found lots of other ways to say it like, 'Oh. The biopsy came back positive', or 'Oh. The doctor found something not so good.', or 'Oy Vay!, Mama! What are these people really trying to say?' And the title of this post is unequivocally true. First you cry. And then the fear takes hold. Mr. Fear is a terrible task master and the jerk tends to lead one off into quite unacceptable territory. Unreasonable thoughts begin to enter one's mind. Things like, 'Where in the hay are my Peanuts going to come from?' Oh, wait. Maybe that was a bad example ..."
"The city of Norfolk, Va., is getting an early look at what sea-level rise means for a big coastal community. The city is experiencing sea-level rise earlier than most because not only are the seas around the city going up, but much of the land beneath Norfolk is going down. This one-two punch means the city is seeing today the kind of flooding that many cities could experience down the road if the scientific projections of sea-level rise play out."
"Other: Moroccan Motifs Impression Plate PTI, Lil' Inker Designs Flag Die, Pop Dots, Corner Chomper"
"I figured because the Slightly Sweet was so good the Sugar Free would suck, but it doesn't. It's better than the Slightly Sweet I think!"
"Just five hours earlier, I was delivering food to a new client on my Meals on Wheels route when the tears surprised me. Mr. Blevens wore slacks and an ironed work shirt with a patch with his first name on it, and as I walked up his front steps, he looked as if he wasn't sure what to do with his hands. I introduced myself and as I gave him his meal, he looked at it and said, \"God bless you, ma'am. Thank you. It sure is a good thing y'all do.\""
"The summer before my senior year of college, I studied abroad in Oxford. The town itself is the epitome of a college town and is populated mostly by surprisingly self-righteous college students and professors and academics that refuse to walk quicker than a slow saunter. It was endearing at first, but after week one, my East Coast roots got the better of me and I started weaving and speed walking through the streets like I was trying to lose the CIA."
"Weihenstephan, founded 1040 AD is the oldest established brewery and have created an amazing benchmark of the Hefeweizen style. To break it down, Hefe- yeast and Weizen- wheat, typically referes to an unfiltered wheat ale that has yeast added for natural, bottle-conditioning. If you enjoyed the Weihenstephaner please try the “Holy Grail” for Hefeweizen from Austin’s Live Oak brewery. They do not bottle but you can find the beer on tap at a few different bars in Houston, Austin, and around Texas (not yet Beaumont)."
"I wrote the book for a lot of reasons."
"I wore my favourite shoes on our grad trip to Victoria, BC. It was September. The air was chilly but the sun still shone. I was to spend a week on a tall ship learning to sail, with 22 classmates and nowhere to hide. Every student in my small school looked forward to their first month of Grade 12 to experience this trip. To hear the stories of the returning class each year and the trademark turks’ head bracelets they had the opportunity to make filled every kid with longing and anticipation, including me. That is, until the time actually came."
"So for this image of A I have chosen an image of the closest angel I know, my daughter. For anyone who is interested I have also included a couple of youtube videos that have been produced by Sam Vallins and honestly they made me cry. I was so touched that my daughter has a voice like this. Hope you too can spend some time here and listen and hear my angel first hand."
"So shocking that it had to be hidden in the brown paper credits for \"THE UNKNOWN COMEDY SPECIAL,\" there is a work of homemade horror that, as a student of the art form, provided plenty of LQTM's, but probably would not be as amusing to someone looking for a degree of coherence in a movie. URBAN LEGENDS was an early effort by performance artists/pranksters Dino Lee and Carl Crew, which got usurped by producer Bill Osco and mangled up into what is now, as Mondo Digital observed, \"A staggering train wreck that will have you doubting your sanity and rejecting whatever religion you hold closest to your heart, this belongs on your shelf in a deep, dark corner next to atrocities like COOL AS ICE, THE UNDERGROUND COMEDY MOVIE, and TRANSFORMERS 2.\" The commentary track with Crew, which was supposed to be a co-host gig with our mutual friend Lenora Claire until she was unable to appear and I had to go solo, is a fun listen, but I always got the notion that in klassik karny style, I was being kayfabed by Crew, especially on the topic of his late friend Eric Fournier and their controversial media creation Shaye Saint John. So between the lack of structure in the movie and the lack of transparency from the interview subject, I only recommend this to my most devoted fans."
"It won't be truthful to say everything went according to the plan... Ordy was under the impression that their hubbies would be in tow- half way to Tennessee I got a text that said it was \"us girls\".... ruh-roh. I didn't even know how to break the news to Ordy... so I didn't. Poor guy got blindsided when we pulled up to Laina's cabin and there were no boys in sight... He thought I suckered him into a girl's trip! Aw, I would never ever ever do that!!! After a five minute pow-wow and me explaining myself to him, he really did put his game face on and was a real trooper! Another reason why I am obsessed with that boy, he woke up at 5 am, picked me up, and drove me to Tennessee just to go thrifting with a bunch of girls. He's the best."
"After a little research online I found my answer, my savior, my reason for getting up in the morning. O.K., maybe that's a bit of a stretch....BUT.....wait for it.......\"Baja Bobs Original Margarita Mix\"!!"
"So it's officially under way and I've got two potential trades that will help me along the way... I just sent off two emails with pics of stuff I'm willing to deal and hopefully I can pull in some nice cards."
"We were at the end of our 12-hour broadcast cycle. It was time to get our messages. We’d avoided raising this antenna because it sticks out of the water higher than the periscope and would need to remain up for several minutes, making detection of Santa Fe likely."
"He was ready---I was confident in him"
"Some days you wake up and think about all the good you’ve done with the blood-donating and the volunteering and the parent-finding for orphan puppies. And then you’re like, whoa. It’s been almost a month since I’ve authored a post on my world-renown blog. I guess what I’m saying is, sorry to keep you waiting, Mom. Here, without further ado, is one of my latest projects.*"
"In fact while this game was eventually won, and won well, it was as much down to profligate finishing from Cookham Dean then any great superiority on the hosts part. Chief culprit for the visitors was Xavi Etienne who miss a hat trick of gilt-edged chances IN EACH HALF. Ben Lyden eventually opened the scoring for the hosts who were were almost immediately pegged back by Cookham’s John Lennon; it was all coming together nicely as a spectacle."
"The good news for my son and for those of us living up north:"
"Reading: Whoever eats* my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him on the last day. (John 6:54)"
"But I can never quite convert to the curious creed known as primitivism. Every time I'm about to smash up my creaking laptop and take to the backyard with a trowel and potato seeds in an attempt to escape modernity I discover, more or less by chance, some strange and wonderful corner of the internet. Today, for instance, I somehow found my way to the doorstep of the online archive of the BBC's Desert Island Discs programme."
"“Are you going to buy that one then?” she asked, holding out her hand expectantly."
"Sighing, I extracted myself from the tub, dried off and got dressed. Figuring that we'd find HB in no time, I put on a tank top, yoga pants and my fuzzy, white slippers. I then proceeded to post myself in the front yard and call Helicopter Butt's name."
"Hawaii. Then England. Then Disneyworld!!! Can I quit school? Can I have a new Mustang? And a puppy?! Wecanhaveourownplane…OHMEEEGAAWWWD! AND WE CAN FLY EVERYONE TO MEXICO FOR THE WEDDING, INCLUDING DAD!"
"\"I naked!\" (very popular saying)"
"ATTORNEY: You do?"
"Nothing must be arbitrary or left to chance. Care and accuracy in the design process show respect towards the consumer."
"Last summer, my little friend Arthur visited me in Los Angeles - where he discovered the beach. This summer, I paid him a visit at his Paris apartment. Despite the unbearable heat (the temperature is in the mid 30's Celsius, or the 90's Fahrenheit), Arhtur was a gracious little host. He showed me his favorite piglet book and then we walked to a nearby park."
"However, for many, such as myself, the sea is only thirty miles away, and in summer, we make the most of it by visiting the local beaches."
"Anyway, I am currently working on four or five paintings. I am sharing this one because it didn't photograph too bad."
"So, I now realize that I have been updating my Facebook status over this blog- oopsie. The last I posted about Baylor was that they were not going to be able to accept Ethan's insurance. Well, I was literally looking up Baylor administration contacts when I got the call from the Program Director that they COULD accept Ethan's insurance! Phew, what a roller coaster!"
"Commissioner for Information and"
"And if the coaching IS being run by those individuals…what training do they have??"
"I hope you all had a wonderful Easter weekend! The weather here in Southern California has been going through some mood changes, one day cold and rainy and the next hot and ready for the pool. Thankfully, Easter weekend was gorgeous. And I was able to get some great photos of the latest."
"Here is the closet all empty and clean."
"1) Make up corner"
"It has the same soft fruit palate and the same invigorating gunpowder finish. The light in Mulligan's isn't great (that's my excuse for these crappy photos) but it certainly looked to be the same shade of yellow. There did seem to be an extra smack of bitterness in the middle, but that could easily have been my imagination. Colin took a sample and assured me that it was the correct beer; that it tastes totally different to Helvick; and that I have the gustatory acuity of a donkey with a headcold. Colin doesn't get these things wrong."
"I bought a bird feeder about two weeks ago and hung it on a bracket on the garage. The children and missus stood vigil for hours, waiting for a bird to land on it. Nothing came. Just when it seemed a flop, the very next morning every bird within ten square miles was crapping on the lawn furniture while throwing the seed all over the driveway. Success. No so much with the hummingbirds. It has been nearly a month. The instructions said to change the sugar water weekly; I did so once and felt like an ass, so I haven't in three weeks."
"I loaded the base image, then used the window feature to add the top part of the box with the window cutout. If you select both images BEFORE returning to the mat, they will be compatible sizes. I put each part of the box on a separate layer. Then I stretched both sections until the box would fit a set of 4\"x6\" cards. Just make sure you look at the measuring tools and keep the measurements the same for both boxes. I cut the box using DCWV Glitter Stack paper, with the Cricut on max speed and max pressure. This paper can be a bit rough on blades, so if you have one that is a bit dull, that is the one to use. Assemble the box by scoring on the score marks and adhering with liquid adhesive (I LOVE Zip Dry by Beacon Adhesives) or with Super Sticky Tape. I push the corners on the bottom part of the box in a little further than the outer edge and trim the excess. On the top part of the box, I keep the corners a little wider, so the box will fit together more easily."
"* Dies - Spellbinders 'Create A Flake'"
"I wish I knew how Jon was feeling. He hasn't really shown any emotion since the funeral. I don't even begin to know how to take that. I'm the only one that gets upset and breaks down... It's almost as though, after the funeral, Jon just put it all in a box and forgot about it. I wish I could do that. Mostly, I just wish I knew how he was feeling. I try to ask but don't really get anything out of him."
"Sling on a Tight Tube Top: You work hard for that body, so show the world what God blessed you with! Ok, so you have not hit the gym in a few weeks – but who cares? You have a natural physique that others will certainly admire at the beach. Well, maybe you don’t work out and you still opted for the second helping of apple strudel ala mode after a delicious Taco Bell dinner…again. Wouldn’t you be more comfortable with less fabric constricting your junk as it hangs out at the beach? Go ahead, you’re sexy dammit. Wear that tube top with a fierce confidence usually reserved for those much younger and sexier than you. Oh, wait, did I say this already?"
"Not a week did we miss-"
"*you don't need children to take part!"
"I came home and had a really good, long cry. I cried because I couldn't bring myself to have a genuinely happy heart helping the kids in my group. (Kendall was in a different class around the corner...maybe if she had been in my group it would have been different) I cried because while the other kids were learning of God's love and the message, all I could think about was why He couldn't have made Kendall like the rest of the kids. When the kids were doing arts and crafts, Kendall was in a room by herself with her nurse because she couldn't get a grip and would have been disturbing the other kids. It sucks. It isn't fair. And all inclusion did for me today was make me (and Kendall) sad."
"2. Preachers and missionaries who walk in pride and refuse to humble themselves every day spending little or no time in prayer and soul-winning for the salvation of the lost (Acts 20:19-21)."
"guruṇaivaṁ pratiprokto"
"It is easy to feel that it is time for a much-needed break after you have spent four years studying and writing. Don’t stop. It is easy to lose much of what you have gained. Writing is like a muscle; it works best when exercised regularly."
"In a previous posting, The KGB was not a Rock Band, dated January 5, 2011, I mentioned that I would consider posting a follow-up article concerning “intelligence agencies”, and the role they are playing in furthering the agenda of their decadent masters."
"Persecute"
"Instead, here we are, not a single post in months !!"
"In other news, I officially started interning with the student government Monday. Apparently I'm technically a marketing intern, which means that aside from web development I also get to do things like wear neon yellow shirts and peddle fliers about student events to other students."
"Revised Timeline:"
"Crochet outfits are coming along great, I do wish the patterns were easier to write out."
"It's odd. My children are young adults now. Wouldn't you think that Christmas would be simpler? Instead, it's just the opposite. Jugging schedules to share the grandbaby with the in-laws, trying to include our elderly parents at the best time of day for them, dancing carefully around recently divorced family members whose children are impacted by the shards of broken relationships."
"Then, in 1688, the Queen gave birth to a healthy baby boy and Protestant politicians began to fear that this would mean a line of Catholic kings stretching far into the future. Determined to bring down James II and prevent his son from inheriting the throne, Protestant members of the royal family, parliament and the army began to spread a false rumour that the new baby prince was not in fact the king’s son. They claimed that Maria-Beatrice had really given birth to a dead child; the dead child had been smuggled out of the palace by her Catholic advisers and then one of her priests had brought in a healthy male child who was passed off as her son. This vile scandal, known as “the Warming Pan Scandal,” resulted in a series of riots and unrest. Terrified, Queen Maria-Beatrice fled under the cover of night to nearby France, taking her baby with her. King James, too, was forced to flee, when William of Orange invaded with an army. In 1689, Parliament declared that James II was no longer legally king and that William of Orange was now King William III. He would share the throne with his wife, Queen Mary II. It was the only time in British history, so far, the monarchy operated under"
"I was going to meet Younger Match Guy for lunch in Metropolite tomorrow, but he emailed today saying he had a work emergency come up for Saturday, could we do Sunday? I hedged. I did end up coming home tonight, not staying at Cat Woman's house in Metropolite. I'm prepared to drive up there again, but I'd frankly hoped I'd hear from Drummer and would be seeing him while I was there. And I'm not sure I really should be doing all the driving for a first Match date. Though it's my fault for telling him I need to go shopping up there at some point (which I do, but there's no real urgency)."
"Curriculum designers are knowledge cartographers- they have been down the road we want our students to travel and they share their experience. We don't need to re-invent the wheel ourselves because we have the benefit of the wisdom of experienced designers."
"I can't show you any more as it will spoil the surprise for my partner."
"Most Likely to Make You Miss Your Bedtime (The book you just couldn’t put down!): Hourglass by Myra McEntire"
"Ok, now you gotta forgive me again for going all foggy brain weird AND Trek speak weird please!"
"Humorous and heartfelt, “Beverly’s Full House” explores the unpredictable dynamic between mother, daughter and son-in-law. Throughout the season, Beverly tries with varying degrees of success to bond with her daughter and son-in-law. Despite sometimes overstepping her boundaries and at times having her intentions misunderstood, she loves her family and is determined to strengthen their relationship. Along the way, viewers will witness the drama, good times and bad times as Beverly’s traditional/non-traditional family comes together, bound by love, and learns to make it all work."
"Rory gets nicked by Amy’s sword, which causes the black spot to appear on his hand and signifies the siren is coming for him, but he gets all lovesick when the siren arrives and it’s played for a laugh. Even when the siren makes a pirate turn to dust, there’s no real fear."
"….This promo is unlimited repeat steps 2 – 3 to your hearts content."
"She is so talented! She hand-made many bits and pieces of infant couture and also made a gorgeous baby quilt for Michael to coordinate with his little bedroom. Where would we be without her? Thank you, Maureen!"
"XXXVII"
"The we’re off to see the wizardiness of the career wolfpack: Maybe I’m not remembering closely enough, but I don’t recall this group hooting and laughing all the time as they hunted other tributes. Trash talking in the moment of confrontation, sure, but being loud and giggly, not so much. This undercuts the seriousness of them as dangerous and predatory threats and gives these scenes too much of a juvenile feel."
"Her catheter was taken out today and she was given 8 hours to get up and pee. I know, for a fact, that she waited as long as she did because of the pain associated with getting out of bed. When she finally couldn't hold it anymore, she called for assistance and, of course, a male pca came in. My modest daughter looked at me wide eyed and with regret for even calling out for help. Needless to say, she had to pee that bad. Luckily, after the nausea and the feeling that she was going to pass out, we made it to the bathroom without the aide seeing her butt, and after sitting for 15minutes, she was successful."
"campaign to find ‘politicians that look like stuff’."
"And as a result, I haven't been blogging. The positive has been very hard to find. So, if you are looking for a positive blog post you should probably close this window and go to the next blog on your list. I am in week 4 of pretending to be a stay-at-home mom. I was calling it a temporary early retirement until one of my friends reminded me she got 6 weeks off of work with each baby, and so now I am calling this my maternity leave."
"Diversion: this whole dyslexia thing is started to bother me greatly. Not the fact that he has it, but that it doesn't seem to be recognised as a \"disability\" requiring additional funding. To be honest I am torn - I don't want it to be labelled a \"disability\" because he has too many abilities to give him a label like that. No kid should have that label regardless of their extra needs. But if we want specialised attention the school needs the extra funding and to get the extra funding we need to have dyslexia recognised, and to get it recognised we need to have it labelled as a disability. I might be wrong, but that is the way I am perceiving it at the moment. I am going to QUIETLY be doing a whole lot more research and talking to a few Government people to get a handle on things. I say quietly because I don't want to make this a big thing for Darby. I don't want to single him out. But the reality is we live in a book based, reading based, society. To be able to answer a maths question you have to be able to read the question. To be able to learn your history and be tested on it, you have to be able to read it. If you can't read it doesn't make you less smart. It just means you can't read. It's very tricky when your eyes and brain messages work a little differently to everyone else's. Very tricky ..... especially when you are really clever and actually know all the answers ... it's just the reading and writing bit that lets you down. End Diversion."
"Reminding us that you're never too old to learn and that while our commutes progressively get slower, our perception of time seems to get faster. Not weak at all."
"Hope you all remembered to put your clocks forward last night, with the wonderful weather we have been having British Summer time actually makes sense this year. I am going to make the most of the weather and take a trip down to B&Q to get some Wood Stain and Varnish to freshen up the Door Frames and Windows of the house today."
"On one side I had the large tapestry and one piece of the navy polka dots and along the back I had one of the tarps to really block my tent from the people camping behind us. The second piece of navy polka dots was just wide enough to cover the mesh on the last side of the tent, but I wish I had a few more pieces so it would have gone all the way down. If the wind caught the fabric in the right way, one could still see inside my tent. But it was fine because that side of my tent faced my friend's tent and not some stranger's."
"5. The smell of suntan lotion"
"What Mr. Lao did may not have been the smartest thing to do and he may not have given the answers we wanted to hear, but seriously, that's just about it. It's a good thing that he didn't get himself and anyone else hurt."
"It is a little bud vase, from the Highbank Porcelain Factory at Lochgilphead – another pottery in Argyll and Bute."
"I bumped into him again the next day as I was pootling around. We were introduced. I clocked his proud muscularity, liquid toffee eyes and broad capable hands and put two-and-two together with the stories of the attractive commando I’d been hearing about."
"It makes me wish I liked radishes better. These aren't spicy or tough, and just okay. From the looks of it, the raised beds were a good project and there may be room for more of them. Perhaps I just don't have a good frame of reference for these little guys."
"Oh yes, I am at it again! I have the best sponsors ever. (By the way, if you too would like to give me money to have a picture on my blog, click HERE for more info. I hear they make more money.)"
"Woven among Leah’s many roles as student, mother, wife, friend and employee, were vibrant threads of compassion, creativity, perseverance and passion. She shared it all – generously and graciously with her humble and unpretentious ways. She was one of the most alive and giving people I have ever known and she changed the course of my life in so many ways. Her untimely death left a space in my heart that I have filled with quilting. I like to think the quilt on my bed today sings Leah’s song."
"Well.... it has been a while since I have been here"
"The possible negative effect of noise on reproduction is biologically plausible, as well as amenable to prevention."
"Oh and one more thing."
"An atheist faces tragedy and yet it is marked by the altruistic (selfless sacrifice) of another human being. No longer can he consider ‘good’ a product of society because by what naturalistic teaching can he attribute to the action of someone else putting their life on the line for his own. Evolution offers no explanation."
"Seems like forever."
"March 23, 2012"
"This viewpoint really bothers me, especially since it is the published authors who are to blame for it. Unpublished writers didn't figure this out on their own, they were told this by people who have experienced it. But as an author, it's your job to make sure every part of your work is as good as you think it can be before you query it to an agent or an editor. It's a crucial part of your pitch as well, which I'd explained in the aforementioned post. I've discussed this in some of my public query critiques, too."
"This week we have a 'Friend of DYSU' joining us as a Guest Designer, Carrie. Carrie is a scrapbooker from North Carolina. She is new to card making but is having fun giving it a try!"
"At Regen Projects this month, in anticipation of Welling’s upcoming inclusion in the Whitney Biennial, we see three bodies of his work. First, we have a series of drapes photographed by Welling many years ago and now saturated in monochromatic colors. There is a series of close-ups featuring barely recognizable netting performing the formal role of musculature in sculpture, and finally, there are Welling’s famous sun-stroked flowers, existing on the threshold of being visible. All of these projects could be called abstract photography, a method now gaining popularity through the works both Welling’s students and others around the world."
"Have you ever tried to go to sleep with tons of electrodes connected to your body? The room looked like a nice homey bedroom, but I was not enjoying myself."
"Those involved in trying to revive PBDS were the former members of the party who have remained partyless."
"Leap into a bit of happily every after with this Valentine's Day themed digital taggers kit. It's full of frogs, and fantasy and forever love!"
"Cartridge: Cricut: Give a Hoot"
"Or when I'm doing something I MUST do when I want to be doing something else."
"Tseung Kwan"
"Ps. thank you everyone for helping me choose what tshirt to get in my last post, it was very unanimous that the first tshirt was the best so last night I bought it! Thank you so much xx"
"Needless to say, I was invigorated when I saw the Bed-Stuy Streetscape Project the other day. The existing conditions of the corner of Fulton and New York Avenue are lacking, when it comes to the built environment. As I ride my bike past here everyday on my way into work, I feel that the corner has much more potential than is used."
"Fourthly, the status of teaching and teachers needs to be improved. Pay should follow needs, beginning with specially de- signed pay packets for teachers that reward them for furthering their education, extramural activity participation, etc. Finally, our consumerist culture needs to change. South Africans see no value in investing in books and reading, one of the major reasons for our public schooling systems failure."
"Even if his administration had in any way resembled a Democratic one, your incumbent is embarrassingly down in the polls vs. a generic GOP candidate, has sunk to 39% in pivotal Florida, and has shown no wherewithal to to turn thing around in the next 18 months. The fat lady is already clearing her throat."
"Full Details of the posts are at:"
"Drozdowski said he did his part in steering his friend toward a relationship with his new bride."
"Tada!!! You are done and you bag is finished, go fill it up and feel good that you aren't wasting another plastic bag. An added bonus, you can wash your produce right in the bag since it is mesh the water will drain right out, making putting away my produce much faster. These bags were so easy and dirt cheap to make. out of 1 1/2 yards of tulle, I was able to make 8 bags. Using my 50% off Joann's coupon I was able to get the tulle for $1.12 which makes that bags roughly .14 cents a piece since I had the ribbon and cording already laying around from another project. Pretty cool and frugal if you ask me, even if it is a simple idea."
"I remember the Ekofisk Bravo blow out back in 1977, if this goes up it'll will make that seem like a walk in the park for whoever gets the job of capping Total's well."
"It would certainly help Israel to explain abroad its needs and challenges if we could decide for ourselves where our physical red lines should be drawn. But more importantly, we owe it to ourselves. We need to encourage our people to live where their presence is vital, and tell them honestly where it is counterproductive. The blurring and the inconsistency are the hallmarks of a childish refusal to take hard decisions."
"At first, I could not quite figure out what the sound was and then I saw the woman standing in my elderly neighbor's tiny little flowery weed patch out in front of the house. She had her arm buried shoulder deep in the Meyer lemon tree and the cracking sound was a branch heavy with fruit snapping off in her hands. Admittedly, the tree is about 2 inches from the sidewalk and the fruit was covering every square inch in a very tantalizing manner. But to stride through a stranger's flower garden crushing the plants below to break off a large branch of a tree to get to fruit that does not belong to you seemed like more than just innocent enjoyment of nature. And beyond trespassing. It pissed me off so quickly and thoroughly before I really had a chance to think things out, I called out to her. \"What the hell do you think you're doing?\""
"Enough with the disclaimers. Now some clarification:"
"Appalled at the UK government’s plans to monitor our every text, phone call and email, Eric Finch decided to act by launching “National ‘cc all your e-mails to Theresa May Day” due to take place on Tuesday, May 1st. He explains why he did it, and why we should all join him."
"Ch 8"
"On to my project: I created this for my son, his friend, and his cousin. I am taking them out this weekend to celebrate my baby's 7th Birthday. My son is all about the music so I know he's going to love this shirt."
"PS. Notice how my title looks like a smiley face sticking its tongue out? *Giggles*"
"100 ml milk"
"Milan Fashion Week: Sept. 18-25"
"The Maquis crew members naturally play a part in the show. With tension arising every so often and episodes revolving around this."
"In a report from the Association of Teachers and Lecturers conference this year, teachers have reported that children have increased aggression and more violent as they are being left unsupervised by their parents to play inappropriate computer games."
"I guess that incident is one of the main reasons why I don’t like meeting people. You think you know a person, but you can never really know them until you see how they are in real life."
"Divide the chicken mixture into 4 equal portions, and shape each into a patty (mine were about 3/4 to 1-inch thick - the mixture was a little wet, just do the best you can.). Put the burgers on a plate, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes."
"In the last year, however, the most disturbing trend has been Amanda’s propensity to say or do things to garner attention – any attention, even if it involves piggy-backing off of others. Whether it’s constantly reminding us of her relationship with renowned author Neil Gaiman, conveniently tweeting about love as Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor was leaving Twitter over his short engagement with his now-wife (of course noting that she’d been talking about it with him at a show right at the peak of the media and blogging frenzy), or bashing Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber right when both were trending topics, just to garner focus on her… Well, you do the math. I cannot count the number of cycles lately where:"
"1 runny"
"There is a common element that has driven much of the progress in each division—our members. ABC Canada could not have expanded and evolved as much as it has without you, and we thank you for your continued support. We are proud to report that from 2009 to 2011, Canadian membership has grown 11 percent. We remain committed to working with members, defining their needs and providing solutions."
"My public sector sabbatical employer develops housing for formerly chronically homeless people, most recently Bud Clark Commons, the snazzy modernist building near the train station. The people who live there, by and large, were on the streets for a long time. It’s tough to be so poor. It’s physically and emotionally and mentally demanding hard. These folks could use respite, and calm. Yoga and meditation bring those things to people. All people."
"Woodbine House 25% OFF"
"As I slowly processed each word........"
"My mom spent two years in the Peace Corps before marrying my dad, and there's nothing like living in abject poverty to give you an attitude adjustment on the material world. We grew up well cared for, but constantly aware that there were people with far less than us. I didn't think about what I wore, unless it was uncomfortable (scratchy wool sweaters, ick!)."
"01 Hungry Heart (3:56)"
"It currently remains unclear if the carriages will be fully converted into the comfy Starbucks coffee house design or if they remain in the current design. Further plans for expansions on other rail lines or neighboring countries have not been announced yet."
"The Cheetah People generally wore leather and trophies from their hunts, using horses as mounts. They had the ability to teleport from planet to planet, but they can only bring back prey to their homeworld. Similarly, they must have a link to a world, inthe form of an inhabitant of that world to return there."
"One of Becky's newest printables is The Resolution Kit. This kit helps you start the New Year off right and tackle your resolutions once and for all. The Resolution Kit bundles three separate kits together - The Cleaning Kit, The Bill Pay and Budget Kit and the Weight Loss and Fitness Kit. Try this attractive and simple method of tracking your bills and payments, cleaning and housekeeping and fitness to stay on track."
"JERI"
"So, THANK YOU, to Rick and crew… You did a wonderful job and couldn’t be more thrilled with how beautiful it turned out!"
"\"I am the best church member, the best Christian, etc.\""
"Smells like brown sugar, some cherry, a little banana, cinnamon, and some esteryness. Taste is surprisingly sour. Pretty dry, with a somewhat thin mouthfeel. Color is a deep brown with a quickly depleting tan head. The more I drink it, the more I get a little more sweetness, but it is completely overpowered by the sourness. The wife with her sweet tooth doesn't get much of a sourness at all. A quick check on beeradvocate broke it down well, some on my side, some on her side. I don't see where these chumps are getting all this molasses and raisins and whatnot. Some call it tart, while others call it sour. But whatever it is, I like a sweeter dubbel. Low 3 Stars/High 2 Star for me."
"We're damned if we do and damned if we don't."
"And the last was Samantha Jane who is in 5th grade. I took care of her for the first few months of her life while her parents worked. It was so much fun to cuddle her and sing to her and do all the baby things. She used to climb on a chair reach my piano keyboard, punch a button for automatic play, and then dance to the music. She is now a very good soccer player. She was the child of Andy and Lori."
"I will finish this piece with an extract from the back cover of one of Maverick House Publishers forthcoming titles this year, A Shattered Youth by Savathy Kim."
"One person remained on scene and was taken to hospital with minor injuries. The second vehicle fled and police have not located either the vehicle or the driver (or passengers) at this time. The case remains under investigation...(Gee, 'ya THINK???)."
"The town is located in idyllic surroundings (Eastwood had an entire town built on the beautiful shore of Mono Lake in California) but its residents appear rotten to the core. They all harbour dark secrets and the stranger has a mysterious connection to Lago which becomes apparent through his fevered nightmares of the town’s marshal being brutally whipped to death."
"I blame Mad Men. Bert Cooper keeps quoting Ayn Rand. I’ve heard constant references made to Atlas Shrugged and about how it’s such an important novel. One of my Facebook friends has gone so far to exclaim that this book has made the most impact on his life, next to the Bible. I guess a lot of people think that."
"Josh: Okay, but you don't know how to fly."
"Make sure you check out my other giveaways! Just click on the giveaway tab."
"You have beaten the odds."
"\"Two eyes... a thousand expressions"
"As for Part Deux of the renovation, Mr. Rock-My-Socks-Off Contractor enclosed the pass-thru from our Living Room to Den. Yeah, in that same three day period he was working on the bathroom! Too shallow to call this life changing?"
"Hey New York Times, I don't watch HBO, because it's not for people with basic cable. Would you mind setting aside about 300 words somewhere for me to opine about their spring lineup and who should be watching it?"
"1 cup plain flour"
"He’s wrapped the Reichstag, the Pont Neuf, and islands in Florida; he’s erected gates in Central Park, and umbrellas in Japan and California."
"I worry for women coming of age right now. Our reproductive rights are being curtailed in so many ways. I wonder why? Rush Limbaugh should be hospitalized, he is a very sick man. What is up with the men in Virginia and elsewhere who want women to have ultrasounds before abortion, and the Republican senators who did not allow women to testify about birth control - just men? Their behavior is hateful. It would be a very scary time to come of age."
"From EDL sources, this is a report from an eyewitness to the car incident in which several people were run down and injured. According to rumor, one of the victims died."
"I had a commission from one of the ladies at work for a Birthday card for a two year old and the only stipulation was it had to have a fairy on it! Well that one was right up my alley but as it was for such a little one, I didn't want one of the sophisticated fairies I have and I found this beautiful little Sweet Pea stamp in my collection from Conie Fong."
"It’s back, it’s back"
"So last night, I decided to call my cousin who runs a hotel in Petaling Street, asking if I can booked her room for 1 night in order to be able to 'solve' the water issue. Sometimes, GOD has made pre-arrangement as my cousin's daughter attend the same childcare as Princess therefore I have less worry to rush from Petaling Street back to Taman Desa just to send Princess. My cousin's worker will do that for me, and Princess has a 'friend' to go to childcare together. At almost 10pm, I packed and drove to Petaling Street (didn't want to go early coz of the crowd along the street)."
"If you know our stall and all the knicky knacks and goodies we have displayed you may understand the"
"She also cooks and has published a cookbook. I bought the cookbook a while back and have made several dishes from it. I have also made several dishes from her website. My hubby has loved each dish of hers I have made. It's simple down-home comfort food, the kind hard working cowboys eat. I am not married to a cowboy, but to a hard working southern boy who appreciates a good home-cooked meal. Ree's recipes come through every time. I post the recipes of hers that I make to Foodie Fans of the Pioneer Woman, a blog that loves Ree and her cooking."
"I will try to take some more pics of our meals this week and get you some more healthy recipe ideas! Happy cooking!"
"Disorganised people I can handle. I have patience for that sort of thing. What I can't handle is being spoken to like I'm an idiot, presumably on the basis that I'm a woman."
"First thing I have to say is “Don’t panic”. Grass is remarkably resiliant and lawns have been coping with drought, heat, frost, waterlogging etc ever since thirteenth century monks first began cultivating patches of ornamental grass. The last thing you need to do is replace real grass with artificial grass or go and rip up your lawn to replace it with gravel…..that would be a knee-jerk reaction that could mega-increase your carbon footprint."
"that we got all our plants fertilized this week."
"Always leading toward the compassionate resolution."
"Tanishq jewellers have a store at Shoppers’ Stop in Juhu and therefore, the image has made it’s way on to a carry bag. Click on the link to my earlier post to see what it looks like: No Riksha Day Outfit"
"Speaking of ducks, Ronna-duck is still sitting on her nine eggs and is being a very good Mum. She is less violent towards me than Eugenia was last year. Although she does cheap in protest, she doesn't struggle when I gently lift her off the nest every day to count the eggs beneath her. We seem to have stabilized at nine for the past week. The old beehive box I place over the nest to keep it contained has worked wonders! Ronna-duck has been adding feathers to her nest and it's looking very cozy now. I hope to get the baby duck nursery cleaned up this weekend. When the eggs hatch, we'll take the babies out to the \"nursery\" duckhouse in a bucket and Ronna can follow along behind us. That worked very well last year."
"Another bit player who is in on the evil proceedings at Doc F's lair is a midget named Grazbo, who is played by Angelo Rossitto. This guy was in so many good films, as well as a few bad, that he was instantly recognizable by the time he appeared in Smokey Bites the Dust, Something Wicked This Way Comes and Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome. As a sideshow barker, he at least gets the chance to do some weird stuff like eat a dollar bill and fall down on an axe blade. But he STILL isn't the one this movie is about...."
"Oh, yeah. Ice cream stop."
"I even let him try on one of the fascinators, although in all honesty he was more interested in dribbling on it, and as he doesn’t yet have much hair there wasn’t a great deal to fasten it to."
"\"I might be able to think of something,\" she said, coyly."
"Also, take a look at this beautiful lady. Hopefully her face won't launch a thousands ships into battle, but she just might persuade someone to give up a little pocket change. After all, she's been convincing me to part with my slim pot for years."
"be picking my favorite card or project after each challenge and that winner will have a special guest spot as a designer on a future Sweet Sunday Challenge. I'm SO excited about this! You can enter as many different cards as you'd like before the following Friday deadline, so get stampy!"
"I think I feel good about it, finally sharing it with someone in the media who cared, someone who recognized that something terrible happened to us that didn't have to happen. It felt good to spit out some of those horrible truths, to let other people in the universe know that we were wronged in many ways, and you in so many more. It's strange though, just thinking about it I feel sick, thinking about talking about all of it I mean. I know I cried and cried and my chest got all blotchy, and truly my hair had never looked worse. My television debut will not be lovely, but I do hope it will be powerful. I hope that very much."
"(3) Okay, but only if I get to watch."
"All I want for my kids is to be included I don't want them to go through the same pain I have"
"We had a wonderful Christmas with all the kids and grandkids. Only problem was that everyone was sick. But there's not way that you're not going to snuggle and cuddle and read stories so I took my changes."
"1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour"
"Disc 1 - Letting Go"
"Highlight - Round In Circles"
"It was like I was a balloon, stretching and expanding as helium lifted me up and up."
"During this time, I quietly observed John. I noticed that one week in church he would sit by a lady close to his age, but the next week they would sit on opposite ends of the chapel. This confused me, but I didn't give it much thought. Five months after my husband had died, my mother began to mention John again and how he was a faithful choir member and that he even teared up while singing some of the numbers. In subsequent talks she would say that he wears loafers, so that makes him trendy and asked if I'd seen his teeth, because they were amazing. I rolled my eyes, but agreed that I would start attending choir practice to scope him out. Before I got too serious, however, I had to find out his age, and upon further investigation, I discovered that he was only 49. He has been going through a difficult time, and I think that had made him look older initially."
"And TEACHERS? Some schools won't allow \"Sara Has Two Daddies\" in their school library, what teacher wants to step into that?! And (SPOILER ALERT) many teachers are LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) themselves, well closeted and not about to appear as an ally to that \"choice.\""
"I like nights because they are not eternal. Because their obscurity turns into light every time."
"Fabric: Family is the fabric of life. Your marriage is the start of your family. Make of it what you will."
"Can anyone think of a good candidate for the next line of over budgeted, over publicized movies?"
"And I really need some sleep, and I really want to get Stag Science editor. Confidence has faltered slightly though. People better come and vote for me."
"Be extremely careful while caramelising the onions, as one bad move (could scorch) and your soup could taste bitter."
"Blessings, love and light"
"Now, a good example of what I mean by authority is in the story of Mother Teresa. There is a city not too far from Eastern University where they have a state hospital. In the state hospital they have people who are emotionally and psychologically disturbed. It’s a huge place. Well, the directors of the hospital wanted to start these halfway houses so that people who were on their way to full recovery could be nurtured from the hospital back into society, by first going to these halfway houses and from there they could get jobs and, little by little, own their own residences. It was a transition stage and that’s why they wanted these five halfway houses. Needless to say, the people in the city weren’t particularly thrilled with the possibility of this prospect. There was a city council meeting. The place was packed. Five hundred people plus squeezed into this hall, yelling and screaming their opposition to the halfway houses. They didn’t want the, quote unquote,“crazies” living in their neighborhood."
"He had requested many times during the last ten years that if he could not be himself he wished not live."
"The Bad: They just love to grow into massive bushes in any type of roadside or disturbed soil. Easily shading or crowding out any native plants"
"The questions addressed in this video are:"
"Good day!"
"like a tertön"
"I know the blog is largely neglected but I thought I'd give a more in depth update on what we have been doing. If I shoot for updates with seasons I just may be able to stay on track."
"There is a very happy Abbie here in school that is about as calm and collected as a Tigger on speed. The man can’t sit still, and breaks into big inappropriately spontaneous grins at the worst of times."
"I’ve been thinking about reason and emotion lately in the context of “spiritual warfare,” which is the idea that we’re waging this constant internal battle against evil forces in order to do good and be good."
"Now, our animals are at risk again. See this recall."
"Just a head's up for you guys. =)"
"If extended, this could lead to thousands in savings for the individual borrower. For example, depending on one’s tax bracket, every $10,000 in forgiven debt could incur as much as $1,500 to $3,500 in federal taxes. Thus, if $100,000 in mortgage debt is forgiven after a foreclosure, this could mean $15,000 to $35,000 in taxes owed for the borrower."
"The U.S. State Department has ordered all embassy families and non-essential personnel to leave Libya. It also urged U.S. citizens to defer travel there."
"8.Be assertive, but avoid conflict. By understanding peoples motives, and thinking about the reasons why they are causing conflict, you can find mutually acceptable solutions. Their reasons may seem selfish to you – they don’t want a time consuming task because they want to leave early for a date say. But conflict is likely to simply entrench their position or cause resentment. Find some advantage in the situation, e.g. “Sure, I’ll do that today, and I hope it goes really well. By the way, I need to get away early on Friday, so could you help me with my stuff that day”."
"Hip hip hooray! or When’s it gonna die?"
"Dracula gets back into his old routine by chowing down on the daughter of one of the local yokels. However, the villagers feel the need to nip this latest outbreak of vampirism in the bud and set off for Castle Dracula, flammable objects in hand. The village innkeeper (Hammer stalwart Michael Ripper, getting unusually good material) boldly launches the assault on the Count’s stronghold by walking up to the front door and ringing the bell. Luckily the villagers’ cause is helped by the fact that manning the entrance is Dracula’s dogsbody Klove (Patrick Troughton, in a wig and makeup that makes him look rather like Liam Gallagher’s granddad), who is an idiot. Klove obligingly lets them in and they proceed to set fire to a few bits of the castle, but don’t actually bother looking that hard for Dracula himself. (The damage to the matte painting of the castle seems to be much more severe than to the actual set.) Feeling the job has been done, the villagers toddle off home, only to discover that all their womenfolk have been killed by rubber bats on strings, despite taking refuge in the church. Blimey."
"Here in Berlin it brings the people out. Many of us have been trapped inside for months now. The winter weather in the Hauptstadt is simply put, not pleasant. Temperatures hovering at the 0 mark (32F) for months on end, a gray blanket which serves as a sky shielding us from the sun; these things are considered normal through the harsh Berlin winter."
"The agreement over the management of the Park by the Community of Communes and the Town of Richelieu was officially signed on Friday in the hall of the Richelieu Museum."
"Upholstery Thread"
"A: A publisher may take advantage of opportunities to present user-friendly information, but the general flow of the editorial and advertising must be similar. If all advertising is in a separate section of the digital product while it is interspersed in the print edition, the digital edition would be ruled a nonreplica."
"Timbuktu (2002)"
"I wanted her to succeed, and for weeks we struggled with no progress. It was stressful for everyone, including other team members, whom I had to rely on to pick up the slack."
"As Yawee, Todd ran something called the Temple of Rejuvenation in Lemuria. There were attempts to recreate it in Atlantis much, much later, but that didn’t work because Yawee wasn’t there. Yawee had an attribute that the Lemurians knew was unusual, and that was that he lived three times the lifetime span that they did. So he had within him some secrets about energy, and specifically DNA. In the Temple of Rejuvenation, he had discovered something that is in the works of being discovered right now. I don’t have a clock. How soon? You’ll see."
"exciting. . . parsnip"
"PS: Be nice, I'm sensitive *coughliecough*"
"Abed’s Uncontrollable Christmas (unanimously #1)"
"Finally there was the clumsy attempt at rehabilitation and restoral to the Church's bosom of a bunch of unrepentant Jew haters and Holocaust deniers, and Benedict's absolute refusal to discipline or censure openly anti-Semitic Church figures like Poland's Cardinal Joseph Glemp or Cardinal Oscar Andres Rodriguez Meridiaga, the Archbishop of Honduras who, among other things blames \"the Jews\"for the Church's scandals involving priests and sexual abuse of young parishoners and calls for Jerusalem to be taken away from Israel as its capitol."
"The Noblisse Oblige Award"
"Quoting from the Sadducee’s accepted Scriptures, the Pentateuch, Jesus takes Exodus 3:6 to show how the resurrection fulfils God’s covenant promises to his people. He is the redeeming God of the living Patriarchs. The context in Exodus is God’s saving action and covenant faithfulness to his chosen people."
"“Two moons and that’s my last word,” she insisted."
"With Love Ribbon (780014)"
"We paused so that I could make a telephone call and I spoke to Melanie, telling her about the solemn vow I had made not to procreate. I had not told her before because I was expecting her to be crushed and possibly end our relationship, as she is a teacher and always wanted children of her own. Instead, she told me that it didn’t matter, that she was with me for me, regardless of whether or not we had kids. I was struck with the knowledge that she loved me unconditionally and the Minotaur whispered that it was a love that I do not deserve. Although I am unable to give her any of the things she wants and deserves, she still stands by me, as painful and difficult as it must be to do so."
"The dog is suppose to be a mans best friend. Not his bed mate and sex machine."
"It just goes to show what can happen when you keep your eyes open for creative opportunities and possess the tenacity to come up with work even without a brief."
"We had just finished Easter, but clearly my brain has moved on to the next liturgical holiday, Pentecost, the holiday that celebrates the arrival of the Holy Spirit in tongues of flame."
"BONUS CODE:"
"a squeeze of fresh lemon juice (about 1 teaspoon or to taste)"
"MYLUNE: So furry and handsome and such a good boy! Yes you are! You are! Oh yes you are, Mr. Wyvern…"
"There was something about the Mama Bear family tech conference a week ago that creeped me out. I am the father of a 5-year-old boy, and perhaps a third of the people at this conference were trying to build apps for him. All the apps were well-intentioned. All were, at some level, educational."
"The Atlantic Book Awards and Festival will be held May 10-17, 2012, comprising of numerous free events in all Canadian Atlantic provinces, and will culminate with an awards ceremony on May 17 in Newfoundland."
"Some chap from Dubai took time out from driving his Mercedes round and round to pen a few hundred cheerily uninformative words for The Guardian's web-based Comment is Free rubric on why the bold ouster of Kyrgyzstan's tawdry Mr Bakiyev was not likely to be repeated with the Arab world's sullen satraps."
"4. Commentary on the Assange extradition appeal in the UK Supreme Court after two days of argument before the Justices"
"Anyhoo, I'm channel surfing last night, and I run across a video of his, and I nearly puked. He's gotten on the Kenny Chesney bandwagon (which in and of itself is pathetic enough) and done a song about Mexico, and the chorus is, \"What happens in Mexico, stays in Mexico.\" Gee, Toby. THAT'S fucking original. Ugh."
"Still, I decided to put some answer to start the discussion. Here they are:"
"It is hot down here and expecting to get only hotter. I think 95 degrees for June 1st is too hot."
"mix all ingredients together in a mug. microwave for 50 seconds. allow to cool to a safe temperature. enjoy!"
"Monica: “I want to get involved in my community, because I think our community affects us just as much as we affect it.”"
"Mum and Dad headed into the Katherine Museum for a look around (and said it was worth a visit and great to see the movie and photos relating to the massive floods they have had here)."
"Well, how about that? It seems I managed to salvage some treasure from a wreck after all..."
"Until next time, keep an eye out for NEWSTUFF!"
"and see the words"
"The ANC's knee-jerk response to any criticism, blaming white interests or parties, and an automatic defence of ministers, party leaders or judicial candidates because they are black, intensifies this polarisation. Of course there are lots of white racists in South Africa, and race clearly remains a fundamental factor in the distribution of resources and opportunity in the country."
"As a result, it was immensely refreshing for me to read the below article by Aadil Palkhivala, an Ayurvedic practitioner who is widely regarded as one of the world’s top yoga teachers. Things that particularly resonated with me are his simple yet powerful statements like ‘There is no perfect diet, and no ideal food. I encourage you to monitor your food intake to determine what works for you and what doesn’t—diet has to be adjusted individually’. Good common sense in many respects, and principles that are easy to follow and live by. I look forward to reading much more from this wise man! (See the original article at http://www.yogajournal.com/for_teachers/697?utm_source=DailyInsight&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DailyInsight)."
"To much general rejoicing, Charles Taylor was convicted by the Special Court for Sierra Leone in a long-awaited judgment delivered on 26 April 2012. The delays in issuing the judgment are inexcusable. And we are in fact still waiting for the real judgment. Instead, the judges have given us a"
"Feel free to comment."
"* Hosting Republican candidates to speak to the group members."
"Readers, how can I keep orange in my wardrobe and looking fresh once this trend is over?"
"This sculpture will be in the gallery until November 9, 2009."
"He’s fought for everything."
"Oh my lover tell me when"
"From Geldolf, Bono, Blair, the G8, various NGOs and so on, these people, unelected by Africans, claim to know what is best for Africa. This moral posturing gives them credibility and status, gives them the ‘feel-good factor’, even though they may do little or nothing in return."
"The fronts of them were oak, and the rest of them were FAKE WOOD."
"I approached the day of the workshop with eager anticipation and then upon arrival felt a little fearful – a whole day of drawing. What had I got myself into? I love to draw and make and paint and sew but concentrated effort on drawing from real life with a pencil…"
"2. Melancholy Man"
"1/4 cup almonds, chopped"
"The hare is done, time to finish the sauce"
"One of the few things lately, that has made life enjoyable for me. I'm pissed. When the manager walked by and I showed him the damage, the man closed his inner door. I didn't get to tell the manager my suspicions as he was holding heavy bags of groceries and was in a hurry to get inside. More circumstantial evidence is, when that man let the kitten out this morning and it ran for planter, he came and got it."
"Tomorrow we're off on our next step in the moving process."
"List of Spring time foods"
"It's my birthday tomorrow, and when Mr.4444 asked if I'd like to go out to eat tonight to celebrate or have him cook something for me, I knew exactly what I wanted."
"People sometimes ask if we make any money playing. I don't say it, but sometimes we do. What I usually say is: If you get into this to make money, you're in the wrong business. Sell illegal drugs, or get into banking. We play music because we love it. If we make a little money, great. But even if we don't we come out ahead."
"We got there a bit late in the day and some of the buildings were already casting shadows down to the water. So we ended up picking a shorter building that would be easier to measure. We found a nice little historic look-out tower."
"The IPCC’s claim that it uses only \"rigorous, peer-reviewed science\" is nonsense. From the IPCC’s 2007 report, she lists 5587 references (30% of the total) that were not peer-reviewed at all, which were just \"grey literature\", or propaganda by the likes of the WWF. So when the IPCC declares: \"Science says… \", what it often means is \"An activist from the WWF says…\"."
"After Remembrance Day, the State of Israel will celebrate its 64th birthday. The unbreakable bond between Remembrance Day and Independence Day underscores the fact that our dear ones who fell in Israel’s wars did not fall in vain. Thanks to them, the State arose. Thanks to them, the State of Israel will continue to develop and prosper, and thanks to them the members of the younger generation will also be able to live their lives in security and tranquility."
"Author of Frankenstein"
"1. What am I learning from this situation?"
"Probably time to do a little catch up. I'll stick to my tattoos for this post and come back sometime soon for a life/sewing update."
"Draw close, transform all things"
"7) “I usually dim down a tungsten lamp if I want it to match a household practical source.” (The color temperature of the tungsten bulbs is slightly cooler than typical bulbs found in most houses.)"
"Location-based apps thrive despite privacy concerns – Fifty-eight percent of consumers who have a smart device use location-based applications, despite concerns about safety and third-party use of their personal information for marketing purposes, according to a survey from ISACA."
"Whenever I find myself"
"But “the addiction runs you,” she said. Her daughter — who had been honest almost to a fault when she was younger — was suddenly lying and telling tales to get to her drugs."
"The beginning montage introducing the cast and narration feels a little bit rehearsed, but it does hold your attention as the viewer. The first bedroom scene with Patricia and the guy as well as the bedroom scene between Scolly Cheruto and Godfrey Odhiambo lacks the believability that you would expect. I mean for a show described as the Kenyan version of Sex and The City we expect a little bit of spice. The problem with being a singer and crossing over to acting is that you are judged more harshly and Wendy Kimani will have to go through this before she can be accepted as an actress. The scene that stands out is the scene with Marriane Nungo and Patricia, it has a naturalness about it with Marriane delivering a stellar performance."
"Stampers? Here is a little information about all"
"I told The Blonde about my fishy tale over breakfast…."
"Oil’s Shame in Africa"
"5th CFL-2 Taylor O’Shea"
"Sunshine, flowers, spring foliage, light rain, no more snow, more daylight hours – what more could you want? While some people love cold weather (skiers, for example), eventually, we all are craving sunshine and warmth. The streets are filled with bicyclists, walkers, runners, kids, adults, and everyone is happy in the sun. Here in Vermont, March and April are not always the prettiest of months (some call it stick season, some call it mud season…there is a lot of brown), so we eagerly await the springtime foliage and warmer days. If you live further south, you’ve been out and about for months in warmth, I know."
"I've also used a Tim Holtz weathered clock die,"
"For instance, if someone who is not particularly emotionally close to you makes a hurtful or insensitive comment about your infertility, sometimes the best thing might be to just pretend they never said it at all. Let's say Great-Aunt Mabel gets on your case for not having children yet, observing that after all, you aren't getting any younger. You could try to correct her--but since she's 97 years old, she's not likely to alter her behavior. You could allow the hurt of her words to seep inside, stirring up all the painful issues of which you are struggling. Or you could pretend, as Ruth Bader Ginsberg might suggest, that you just didn't hear that comment at all, and completely change the subject. After all, Aunt Mabel clearly doesn't have a good understanding of the situation, and she isn't a source of emotional support. Her opinion is not valid in this situation, and it will not be of any help to you."
"Hugs, Love and a \"May Junk Finds\" Bus on the Cheek!"
"* Second Round - inserted 1:14"
"We watched sales of single-premium deferred annuities that clients can access for long-term care expenses rise 139 percent over 2009. My company’s Asset-Care product saw a 76 percent increase in sales. These products use the structure of life insurance but, if needed, the death benefit can be accessed to pay for qualifying long-term care expenses."
"I love books. I love everything about them. Their smell, the pages, the ink, the glue used in the binding. And most of all I love the story so neatly contained within those pages, waiting to take me away. If I know a movie is based off a book, I always want to read the book first."
"I'm hopeful that we may actually get some planting done next week."
"right now I’m really excited and am trying hard to sleep so that I don’t have dark eye rings tomorrow. guess I’m getting more and more sleepy as I type this entry on my iPhone. time to rest…"
"11 - Stand Right Up"
"I learned this the hard way last summer and anxiety has been growing, along with my leg hairs over the last seven months. (Don't ask how I never figured it out before, this is just one among a plethora of chronicles detailing my culturally-defective retardacity.)"
"Incidentally, Ephesus no longer exists, because silt from the river flowing through the city built up to such an extent that it ruined the city and its harbour."
"March 13, 2012; $22.99 US/$26.50 CAN; 978-1250000958"
"Eye Drive"
"She turned on that significant YG charm to those costumed folk. They were grabbing her hand, pulling her up on stage, and hugging her at every given opportunity."
"So far, I’ve come up with: noodles, eggs, gnocchi… and just straight licking it out off a spoon. Seriously, I was awake past midnight."
"Eowyn"
"On the bright side, I have plenty of time to participate in Pitchapalooza via the World Literary Café. The Book Doctors are accepting queries in a little contest all the way until May 15. The winner’s query will be put in the hands of an agent. Hence, my new deadline is May 15. I won’t miss this one!"
"Finally, to protect it, go over it one more with a coat of gel medium. And voila. Homemade DIY canvas's."
"And I have to say a BIG HUGE THANK YOU to everyone who’s supported me during this cycle, it’s been a lot of hard work, and I couldn’t have done it without my fantastic friends, family, and running partners. My biggest thank you has to go to Cath, who ran something like 270 kms with me over Feb, March, and April! How lucky am I to have a close friend to run with that often? Very lucky!"
"I’ve been wanting to do flags that would remind us of taking care of our home, in the bigger sense, and have thought of few ideas. But what made sense this year, was to create Earth Day Prayer Flags, and I love the connection we have now with India, and having visited the foothills of the Himalayas, it makes me feel like I have a stronger connection to the original meaning of these. And though I looked for prayer flags while we were in northern India, these that we made here at home last week, will remind us of why we have them."
"Now I really must go quilt!! Have a wonderful day…….."
"I’ve written this post several times over but I struggle each time because our history is ugly. Leah and I didn’t have much of a relationship growing up. We lived in the same house and for several years, the same room. We were sisters by blood but that’s as far as the connection went for most of my life. I don’t want this post to bash my sister, that’s not why I am writing it. As an adult I have been able to look back and reflect on Leah’s early years, and gain perspective as to why she hated me (turns out she didn’t really hate me, she didn’t like herself and had a lot of inner pain). And because of my ability to remove myself from the equation and focus on understanding the bigger picture, I’ve been able to release myself of all ill feelings and resentment towards Leah."
"As for Amir Khan vs Paul Malignaggi, I like Malignaggi. Everyone knows I like guys that will talk a little trash, bring some personality to boxing, and show some charisma. But I don't see him winning this fight. I'm unsure about Amir Khan's chin, I've only watched a few of his fights but one of the fights he was caught and dropped in the first round. So to me his chin is a question mark, but my views may not be as valid as others because, like I said, I haven't seen much of him yet. But I think he beat Malignaggi, I don't see a KO happening because Malignaggi has a good chin. He's showed it time and time again. But I think Khan wins decisively."
"out of mind."
"2.) At the beginning of the book it’s mentioned that all profits will go to whale education programs, is that right? Well call me silly, but don’t authors usually publish books to make a profit for themselves? What sparked this idea and do you get to decide which programs get the money? (This is such a loaded question)."
"I will be back in the morning, with my Totally Papercrafts DT card and it's my first time hosting the Challenge."
"It was some bloke asking about a job vacancy I had applied for and eventually could I come in for an interview at 3pm. I mumbled yes and then hung up. My body wanted more sleep but my brain was asking \"which of the many jobs that you threw a CV at 11pm last night was that?\". Found the details and after first thinking I'd applied for something the other side of London I started worrying and had a look at the company website."
"Girls nights."
"Comes with folding wrought iron scroll stand."
"What's your favourite kind of book to read?"
"I decided to buy PL-EXPLORER-340 after noticing the sleek design. Actually, I ordered two, one for my wife. I used to own another brand but it was too bulky. PL- explorer fits to your ear …"
"1172 ***D-X/1/1993. “Can Beauty ‘Hallow Even the Bloodiest Tomahawk’? On ‘The Killers,’ ‘A Good Man Is Hard to Find,’ and ‘The Silence of the Lambs.’” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1993(5), above, pp. 2-18.)"
"QUERESHI AM, HUGHES NJM, MURPHY E, PRIMROSE WR. Factors influencing uptake of influenza vaccination among hospital-based health care workers. Occup Med (Lond) 2004; 54: 197-201."
"\"OH, give thanks to the LORD, for He is good! For His mercy endures forever.\"Psalm 118:1"
"Where the Devil Can’t Go is a competently written thriller with a political subtext. The strength of the book is the sense of place and community relations in London, the characterisation of Janusz and Kershaw, and interweaving of the two main plots as they twist round each other and intersect. The writing is generally engaging, though the plot was a little uneven, with the first half of the book stronger than the second. The first half was very good and demonstrated Lipska’s undoubted talent as a writer. However, the time in Poland was a little rushed and underdeveloped, and the rise to the climax somewhat contrived. It’s difficult to discuss the ending without giving spoilers, but in the age of photocopiers, scanners, the internet, smart phones and so on the set-up played weakly and undermined credibility. Overall, an enjoyable read that will appeal to police procedural fans looking for something slightly different to normal fare."
"Look for our Texas flag at the next game...we forgot it this time."
"MUSIC!!! (it can seriously turn my entire mood around!)"
"That queues too long for me my son,"
"With a gun under the pillow"
"I used a piece of Not Quite Navy cs 4 1/4 X 11."
"Key Lesson: If we are willing to give up our plans for the future, we can take part in Jesus’ plans"
"Inside, the atmosphere is modern meets gymnasium. The loud ’90s music encourages conversation that would otherwise echo off the walls for all to hear."
"For products used on my cards"
"This is the front cover of the folder--the sentiment is from PTI's \"Take Note\" set ringed with nestability cut-outs and the yellow was embossed with a CB folder. The folder ties closed with a matching ribbon."
"Place in the fridge for about 1 hour"
"So, please say a prayer for my girl that she's on the mend soon...I would appreciate it so much! I will do my very best to pay y'all a visit sometime today, but my \"nursing job\" takes top priority. Have a wonderful day!"
"7:30 – Mussels, Appomattox, The Press, I’m Turning Into @ The Bell House $8 (21+)"
"If you made it this far, than I guess I should tell you the real reason I work so much... you see, I just want to keep buying my wine!!! Without it, I don't know where'd I be...lol.. Oh, and I get to buy some liquor too..you know, to make some martini's on those extra special nights!!"
"but not yet seen"
"Walking across the concourse I bump into Ollie Simon, who is just leaving for Sydney having completed her duties as manager of the Axis of Awesome, an Aussie trio of talented musicians/comedians who are performing at the Fringe World Festival Perth (FWFP) – not to be confused with the Perth Festival, which does not start for another four days yet nor the Perth Fringe Festival which, according to the publicity, was initially due to replace the Fringe World Festival Perth (FWFP) in 2012."
"Time to start putting this together! Start with lettuce, then add the chopped veggie bowl, garbonzos, and mix up really so you see lots of pretty colors. What else am I missing? Throw in the corn kernels, beets, slice roasted red peppers, and avocado. Sometimes I will add some mozzarella (low fat string cheese cut up is really good), I had some blue cheese so I added that."
"Police said a 32-year-old Derrimut man was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with fractures, while a 27-year-old Taylors Hill woman and a Richmond man and woman - both believed by paramedics to be aged 19 - were transported to the Sunshine Hospital with minor injuries."
"So, tell me."
"A recent discussion on the Kindleboards forum along with some recent comments here indicate there continues to be misunderstanding around Amazon's category tags as well as its \"also bought\" lists (aka alsobots). This week I'll not only try to demystify how these tags and lists work in general but explore how their behavior changes when a book is listed as free and how those changes may or may not have an impact on the paid side. Even if you understand the basics, there may still be a surprise or two lurking in their behaviors."
"- 1/2 tsp brown sugar"
"Remove cinnamon stick."
"Enjoy the art of Dreaming. Go wherever you choose to go. Be whatever you desire."
"The villain of this story is an exploitative mine owner. Keep in mind that Cole was born and raised in a mining town."
"Steven Cafiero, 31, New York, N.Y."
"Once inside, My Friend asked me what the matter was. I promptly asked him who that truck belongs to. He said he didn’t know the man’s name, only that he was very drunk and the man was with someone (Jim) who works on the property that we live on. Jim has permission to use the boat on the lake that is essentially in our front yard and, so, Jim and this man were out fishing. I immediately started with the questions: Does the man have a scraggly beard? Is he really skinny? Is he wearing a baseball cap? A t-shirt with a front pocket? Yep, yep, yep and yep. And has teeth are a bit funky. That’s it. The baby blue with a trowel in the back was a dead giveaway. I knew it, though I didn’t want to know it. Right there before my eyes, fishing in my front yard was the Boy Left Behind’s uncle."
"What God was telling me was to start persevering in my CAUSE."
"Hope to See you all Soon!"
"in alphabetical order, are put online. Last week was the A’s; this week has been the B’s. At that rate, my CSE maths makes a completion date of May 2017. It’s a well-designed site that looks like a real record collection and it allows sight of the front and back covers, the inner sleeve plus Peel’s own index cards. My initial excitement has been tempered though by discovering it’s not possible to listen to the actual records. Where the records are available on Spotify there is a link (okay if you have Spotify) but other than that it’s just looking at record sleeves. I suppose complicated licensing issues are at the root of this but making a record collection available to look at is a little pointless. Such legalities aren’t usually abided to by the users of YouTube so that’s a good second stop, and where I listened to stuff from the couple of mid-70s soulful disco LPs by Ace Spectrum. It is also a shame it’s not possible to zoom into the sleeves. Despite those frustrating grumbles it’s still a way to fritter away hours searching for new music and a reminder of Peel’s anything goes taste."
"(RDNZL patch transferred by BengoFury, edited by flambay, cut-and-pasted by ZP)"
"Silk scarfs,"
"It's a start."
"www.safe.met.police.uk/bullying/get_the_facts.html"
"And the cycle begins again, as though I started a dose of antibiotics, but never finished it. The plague lives on."
"“We are fortunate in that we are truly living in a golden period of planetary transits and it is one of which I hope astronomers can take full advantage,” Pasachoff says."
"The story of how the rSogn came into existence has become almost legendary in bikey/internet circles, as apparently Sean asked for feedback in an open forum and tweaked the specs based on popular suggestions."
"The apostle Paul is in custody and the chief Captain of the Roman army is trying to find out the truth of the uprising in Jerusalem. This was going to be done by whipping. Paul reveals to him that he was out of order for he also was a Roman citizen."
"On July 8 and 12, 2011, I published a two-part story featuring crusties and Morgan Maginnis - see Part 1 here. In the photos and video interview, Morgan had a certain charm. She said she had two college degrees at age 23. But all is not well with her. She has violent outbursts and manic episodes, hits others, and has been hit herself in what appears to be a popular recreation among crusties. Morgan always seems to be bleeding somewhere."
"OK today was probably the worst and most pointless post of mine but well.....its early and im tired so there *pokes tongue out*"
"Do you want to go shopping? As in, in person? Great, let's go to the mall! Let's see, while you're at: H&M, J. Crew, Banana Republic, Gap, Old Navy, Anthropologie, Eddie Bauer, Ann Taylor, and the department stores, I could hit Lane Bryant (if we're in a downscale mall) for crappy polyester, and whatever department store has a small plus size section somewhere in the basement next to housewears for more polyester. We could all go shopping at cheap big box stores -- Kohl's and Target. Want to go shopping somewhere hip, like Melrose Ave. in LA? Well, I'll just be over here looking at earrings, kthnxbi."
"We found a wonderful Church"
"Who Knows, and Message To Love are the band rehearsing and preparing for their 4 shows at the Filmore East, on December 31st/69 & January 1/70. Izabella features the same lineup, this time at work in the studio."
"“It should, but you might have to stop and repeat the whole process one more time just to be safe.”"
"juice of 1/2 lemon"
"Anyhoo, on the first trip back a couple of weeks ago, I took the Bub with me. Today, my friend Traci from Beneath My Heart and I met up to spend the day together. We were just two crayzay Moms, shopping, eating and drinking sodas. (I gave myself a “soda pass” for the day.) ;)"
"We've almost reached the school year finish line - summer. By this point, students are looking forward to sleeping in, going out at the pool, hanging out with friends, or heading off to family vacation destinations. All of these, except for sleeping, present opportunities for reading. The value and importance of summer reading can't be ignored. Those who use summertime for anything but reading generally regress and struggle to make up the strides they've made during the previous school year."
"The next hour or so is all a haze! I'm at the round table, in the toilet again, I think! I even vaguely recall myself dancing with Karen Carpenter to a Wham song!"
"James 5:16 Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much."
"Anyway, with emotion running high, the awesomely creative folks at www.extraordinaire.co.za have made a video about it, and I must say two thumbs up."
"To cut a long story short, ‘helping out’ grew into assembling and contacting the Voting Panel, crafting the voting criteria and then editing, contributing, proof reading and writing the introduction, the conclusion, the bits in between and then the Media Releases. That’ll teach me to agree on the fee before sussing out the work required!"
"Then there’s Haruki Murakami. I had it on the authority of Jeff VanDerMeer that the Wind-Up Bird Chronicle is a good book to start with, so that’s where I’m starting with. Found a copy of it pretty cheap, so I got it. All I know about this guy is that he’s Japanese and cats. Lots of cats. He’ll be the second Japanese novelist on my bookshelf after Koushun Takami (Battle Royale), which I also have not read."
"The red one with the black skulls doesn’t work any longer, but I’m afraid to throw it away. I don’t remember what’s on it."
"1923."
"It's Dare to Get Dirty week over at SCS - if you're a fan club member come on and join the fun!!! :) All the details can be found HERE! I'm a little late off the mark and I've started by combining 3 of the challenges because I've been very ill this week beginning with a bad asthma attack Wednesday and then spending most of Thursday unconscious thanks to a severe migraine. Normally I would try not to combine challenges but I really don't want to push my already fragile head. Soooooo, I've combined Becca's, One Happy Stamper's and KrystieLee's challenges."
"“Nellu, there’s a mosquito in our net,” I whispered loudly “Do you want some more DEET.”"
"So, all of a sudden, I’m having fun painting, and I wanted to share with you guys that you can do this, too, even if you don’t consider yourself an artist or painter. I’m not being modest; I’ve never taken a painting class in my life, and I know these aren’t exactly masterpieces. I’ve seen sites that charge quite a bit per letter (and rightfully so,) but this is something you can do yourself if you stick with a simple theme and basic shapes. So, if you have a kid in your life, or a new mommy friend, and would like to give them the gift of the kiddo’s name spelled out on the wall, try it! The supplies are relatively inexpensive, and you won’t use all of the paint you buy on one project, so you get more bang for your buck. If you aren’t up to spelling out a long name, go with initials, or just the first letter of their first name."
"(this above picture literally gives me hives)"
"anyways, this year, i'm re-instituting some past goals regarding menu planning."
"Without a human rights framework, people become the objects of government policies and practices, rather than empowered, unique, and autonomous rights holders. Development practices designed with normative human rights standards in mind enable people living in poverty to be the subjects actively working their way out of poverty."
"pink food colouring"
"a broken child’s toy to be cast away to the thrashing sea."
"So...if you're thinking about giving your kitchen a facelift, I say do it. It's not as hard, scary or expensive as you think."
"\"Nine or Ten,\" D. answered not quite catching on yet that his dad had said cock instead of caulk."
"Most of us tend to live in one room most of the time but, unless we go into every room every day,"
"4 I've Got You Under My Skin"
"What I can do, is focus my own happy thoughts towards my family and create the life that I want and help my family members do the same. In so doing all of us help others through our thoughts and actions. I always wanted a home that was open to others, a place that people feel safe to be in and enjoy spending time in. I never thought it would be that to dozens of teenagers. I never knew how many teenagers there are growing up without happy homes full of love and peace."
"I think I can safely say....she had it set up and connected with friends by 9:30 or so! Her birthday request...a cell phone! So many of her friends already have one....she wanted one too. I'm not sure we agree that she NEEDS one; not sure we agree that all kids SHOULD even have one or if so, what age that should be. But, thus far, she's been very responsible with using Greg's old one we kept active when he got his one from work. And it's proven very helpful to me for her to have one...the logistics of having small boys who are challenging to get in and out of places at various times and/or who have a hard time tolerating certain places can be complicated; her having a phone on her gives us more freedom at times to keep life moving. And what tipped the scale in her favor is that one of her friends has hearing challenges and texting is the best way for Morgan to stay in contact with her since they don't go to school together. So...I guess you can say Morgan is now happily \"connected\""
"Personal life."
"The mind is key to all this. Master your mind and you will live your life here in love and joy."
"Asia:"
"Next time I'm in NYC, or traveling anywhere for that matter, I'll try to meet up with more of my \"online\" friends. Tweeting and emailing is great and all, but I can't really share a glass of wine with my computer screen. And unlike avatars, I like how a person can smile back at me."
"My Children's Books of the Year"
"President David O. McKay said, “Honesty and sincerity are the basic virtues of a noble character. Honesty… is the first virtue mentioned in the 13th Article of Faith. It is founded on the first principles of human society and is the foundation principle of moral manhood. It is impossible to associate manhood with dishonesty. To be just with one’s self and to others, one must be honest with himself and with others. This means honesty in speech as well as in actions. It means to avoid telling half truths as well as untruths.”"
"I folded Upon The Hill Records with relief and sadness."
"Drain clog’s happen for a number of reasons and most drain clog’s can be cleared by just snaking the drain line."
"The unthinkable is finally happening: I am reading literature straight from my android phone. Que horror? You bet."
"What, I ask you, is the point of paying a tutor to help you improve your writing when you don't present your real work for her to critique?"
"Dean Henderson Says: May 24, 2011 at 10:38 am"
"Karen Healey"
"Adèle - Je Ne Veux Plus D'accordéon"
"Click – ‘Froggy Julie’ – that is the miniature screen in the centre of the top row."
"Boys (Luther Dixon, Wes Farrell)"
"Even better in person….check them out if you have time! I’ll be listenin to them again in May at Stubbs when they wander back this way!!!"
"SHUT IT ALL DOWN!"
"Friends, we're nearly out of time. So many of you have expressed concern about my poor cousin, whose life has been reduced to something out of that Lady Gaga / Beyonce Telephone video with much dumpier outfits."
"I Know I Need to be In Love"
"Finally, here are the obi-style belts; I photographed them separately because I'm also showing the way I store them, hung over a hanger and secured with clips. These just get hung up in the closet along with all my other clothes, because they tend to slip off any sort of belt rack. Obis give a very specific look to an outfit, and for that reason I don't have a lot of them. I find that a few basic colors is all I really need: aside from the patterned one that came with the dress shown at the beginning of this post, I have obis only in brown, navy, burgundy (shown in the outfit above), and purple."
"3rd shelf - spices, mexican, side dishes and cup of soups."
"I made four cards for Mother's day! of course, I only remember to take picture of one card as the other three was already sealed in envelopes. lol the design of it is pretty simple and I use my scrap stash to create those four cards. I used the coffee border stamp and embossed in black. then I decorated bottom and wrote sentiment inside of card."
"Isaiah 7:14"
"The Reconstructionist represents my effort to explore this conflict inherent in the work. The problems of accident and fate that Boggs describes on page 69 run through the novel, as do the problems of the uneasy friendship between Ellis and Boggs. The only big things that are missing on page 69 are the two other principal characters: Ellis' half-brother, Christopher, who died in his youth and haunts everyone, and Heather, a young woman who comes to a difficult position at the center of the knot that ties all the characters together in their tragedies and struggles."
"Brain Quiet"
"1. Do Not Procrastinate."
"Since Gu Yue Tien is known for its innovative Chinese cuisine, we decided not to order a whole fish but instead went for the signature Pan Fried Cod Fillet with Picked Vegetable glazed with BBQ sauce (RM22 each but looking back at the bill we were charged RM26 each). Bummer! Price aside, the fish was actually well prepared, flaky and fresh and the the tangy pickled vegetables went well with the dish. Would be nice if the cod fish was in a bigger portion though as I wouldn't mind eating more of this dish."
"With captivating lyricism, the much garlanded poet, Niyi Osundare, distilled the history and augury of each month into an evocative poem on the human condition in Nigeria and world-wide. The novelist, Teju Cole, made words sing and sigh and hum and dance in his enchanting column, “Words Follow Me.” He commanded them, and how they did his bidding!"
"so for 5 nights it totaled about $700, which we had over a year and a half to save for."
"(workday passes)"
"Anyhoo, I registered to be a member in August and am enjoying it so far. I like having a record of how many words I've written, how fast I wrote them, if I got distracted, which words I wrote the most, and how I felt when I wrote it. Plus you earn points and cute badges for accomplishing goals, like writing three days in a row."
"and sorcery – a group of varied individuals band together to save their city. There are monsters of various sorts that need to be destroyed, there’s politics and fermenting revolution in the city, there is magic, and there is ancient evil to be stopped. The group has its internal differences, whether religious, age or nationality yet still work together to get the job done as each one brings an important talent to the mix. And the evil is mysterious and more powerful than any of them have faced before – as I hinted at above, it’s a"
"On Monday night, we went and saw David Archuleta's \"My Kind of Christmas\" concert in Salt Lake City. Now, you may not be a fan. We didn't used to be either. But last Christmas, we saw him perform live with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir for their annual Christmas concert, and that is when we were converted. His voice is seriously A-MAZING. Angelic. Go buy Glad Tidings of Christmas and you'll see exactly what I mean."
"And, no, I am not a prima donna."
"I love it when we have helpers in the classroom. Mrs. Gable and Mrs. V are both here, pulling small groups of kids, in the mornings. On Monday mornings I'm lucky enough to have two more volunteers in the classroom. It's the perfect opportunity to have some sight word fun!"
"- A butane stove for cheese making"
"In addition, we will be tapping volunteers from MasterCard to work on this project and other global initiatives through Bankers Without Borders®, Grameen Foundation’s volunteer program."
"Buttermilk (1 cup) - 1 T vinegar or lemon juice and enough milk to make 1 cup (let it sit for a few minutes before using)"
"However, the play has led Matron to a new great love of her life. In addition to her very own Elmer the Talking Mouse (Merrick!), there's the Narrator. Narrator is the teeniest, tiniest third-grade girl ever, a wisp with wire-rim glasses and scraggly shoulder length hair."
"Well, it’s not about Detroit in the sense that it’s not about cars. It’s two suburban couples – one of whom has just crashed their way in. They’re squatters essentially in an empty house in a \"first-ring\" suburb of a declining American city. So the title, Detroit, is meant to suggest that kind of a city, and it’s never referred to in the play."
"In a world that seems to be run by the major corporations, the stories where a lone hero takes on a megalithic corporation, brings down the owner of the company, and saves the world just are not plausible. Though I’m sure the presidents of the major corporations think they are indispensable, they are not. If they are eliminated, there will always be others to take their place, and the corporations will go on doing whatever it is that they do."
"Hip Hop is another tool by those who control the world to brainwash us to believe what they have is the right way to live and if we ain’t got what they got then we are not doing it right."
"This release contains many bug fixes and some new applications. The binary packages could be installed with the installer by using the version “stable 4.3.4″ (or “stable latest”). In case you are upgrading your KDE installation, deselect the skip basic settings checkbox on the first installer page and press next until you are guided to the release settings page, where you can choose the required version."
"Full set of investment cast lugs; sloped fork crown; bottom"
"3) Keep your phone off. Not on silent, off. The room is dark for a reason and when your phone lights up to let you know ‘you’ve got mail’ we all can see it."
"It’s tough to change, but I gotta, and frankly you could, too."
"Today? Not so much. My new stereotypical view of New York City is that it’s full of rich people and no one is allowed to show art that is in any way made of cow dung. Mutant Turtles would stand no chance here."
"Folding: Regular"
"Displaying artwork"
"And God Bless my husband for always trying to get me a sweet card or some flowers or something. And I love him for that, I truly do. But I think I’d much rather keep my money and let Hallmark have all the 1st loves, and the 1st Valentine’s Day and such."
"I like to ReaD Because I Teach my Daughter How to REad/ for sHe Can Better Herself for the future and focus in life/in school”"
"I posted a status on Facebook about April Fool's Day and how the expression Op een april verloor Alva zijn bril."
"the russet that finger paints westward skies"
"So happy to have been a part of it all in that spectacular church."
"Cardstock: Stampin' UP!"
"8. Internet password organizer — $9.95 Okay, this is a little boring. But practical. And it will make Mom’s life easier. I seriously need this…I have about thirty different password combinations scribbled on little bits of paper in my desk drawer. Shameful."
"Sadly, this was to be the film's only exposure in the UK, although it did play at film festivals in Europe. For Despins, the act of finishing the film, and getting such a deeply idiosyncratic labour lof love onto an actual cinema screen, was a surreal and exciting experience: “I remember driving down to the Electric Cinema with Bill, and we sat outside in the car and said to each other, 'Can you imagine there are people inside there sitting in there watching Duffer?' And we thought it was a bit of a hoot! They're actually sitting there, and not only that, they paid to get in! That was quite a moment!”"
"Hey there, crime kids. Happy Hump Day. It's time once again to take a trip to the dark side, where your most violent fantasies become sins of the flesh, right here, where the hardboiled action is non-stop, at the coolest crime joint in cyberspace ... at That Killing Feeling."
"I marvel at creation."
"to love someone … you have to give"
"Is this like recoating your bath tub?"
"It has a snooze button."
"One of our favorite non-anime shows on television is Treme, in for no other reason than because for large chunks of the show, there is nothing happening save the playing of music. Jazz, Blues, R&B, Rock…Bounce…doesn’t matter; those moments are why I watch. No dialogue or plot can compare to the pure, primal, eclectic languages being spoken. This week, there was one of those moments: an impromptu jazz session; Kaoru’s first, which perfectly and effortlessly captures both his initial jitters, to finally settling down and having fun."
"This next video is by Alabama Shakes the song is Hold On. On February 7, 2012, the band made their US national television debut on Conan. They performed their first single, “Hold On”"
"“I think what offends people is that instead of recognizing it as a national triumph and having everybody share in it, that the Obama administration has tried to make it look like the president did everything, including fast-roping out of the helicopter and pulling the trigger.”"
"From my experience of Queensland, I doubted that they could find three wise men or a virgin but I guess that I was wrong."
"See you January 2, 2012!!"
"Do you see a duplicatable pattern emerging?"
"Taste for sweetness and refrigerate until ready to use."
"What they do is bend and she falls on the floor and she covers her arms over her head and maybe he will just chew her arms off."
"It was so nice being with each other and just talking and laughing and not sweating at the same time ;)"
"In other words, Newt was picking up on a concern, prominent in the day and voiced by no less than Reagan’s then ex-UN Ambassador Kirkpatrick, not to mention prominent Reagan supporters Will and Kristol and the late-Mondale aide turned conservative Krauthammer, that Reagan’s anti-Communist policies could be stronger if better institutionalized and not tied as much to the Reagan persona. The entire speech focused on suggestions of how to do just that — to effectively institutionalize Reagan’s conservative beliefs in the government. Is Abrams seriously accusing Jeane Kirkpatrick and George Will of being anti-Reagan? Of spewing “insulting rhetoric” at a president everyone in Washington knew they staunchly supported? Really? Of course not. But in apparent service to the Romney campaign, in order to make Newt Gingrich appear to be doing just that, Abrams apparently quite deliberately cut out the original Gingrich reference to Will, Kirkpatrick, Krauthammer, and Kristol."
"1 teaspoon sugar (I used Splenda)"
"Currently - Designing Sewing Patterns:"
"I love the pungent and sharp flavor of fermented black bean sauce. Because of its aggressive and viscous properties, it tastes amazing doused over another component with a neutral flavor and texture—like steamed tofu. If you don't have a steamer, you can fill a large saucepan with a few inches of water and place a slightly curved bowl of tofu right into it. Simply cover and steam to create the perfect vehicle for a rich and spicy black bean sauce. This dish is healthy, delicious and incredibly easy to make."
"Hip-hop producer Clams Casino has recently risen to Internet prominence crafting tracks for rappers like Lil B and Soulja Boy, but this album of rap-less backing cuts suggests that his dense but ethereal music is perhaps best suited to stand on its own. These are instrumentals, but they're not entirely without voices, since vocal samples — wordless hums and trills or compulsively looped snippets of lyrics — play a big part in Clams Casino's sound. The music has an epic, soulful sound, stitching together lush, shoegazer melodies, caked in fuzz, with dreamy vocal samples and drums that seem to kick in slow motion. On \"The World Needs Change,\" a pitched-down voice croons woozily through a hazy fog in which lullaby chimes are like sparkling stars showing through in a cloudy sky. On \"Illest Alive,\" he samples Björk's \"Bachelorette\" and chops it up until the Icelandic singer's distinctive voice is stretched out into an eerie drone, with only occasional snippets of coherence. Towards the end of the album, the producer drops a few stripped down, minimal tracks that seem to demand a rapper's presence to weave around the beats, but for the most part Instrumentals feels like anything but a collection of backing tracks waiting for an MC. [buy]"
"-‘Memba that haircut I mentioned he needed to tame his expanding mullet? Yeah, well that trip went really bad. He screamed and cried the entire time. I’ve since had to work on his noggin’ while he naps."
"Therefore, we are not to be hospitable towards people of sects (e.g. Jehovah’s Witnesses) or even our own clergy who are guilty of false teaching, otherwise, we become just as sinful as they (verse 11):"
"B. Feral cat count time in Eugene! Volunteers have spread out in the neighborhoods and counted the feral cats of many neighborhoods."
"By RASHITHA A. HAMID The Star/Asia News Network"
"Step 2: The glorious custard-pudding in the making"
"That's it for this year folks, thanks for your support throughout 2011 and for stopping by today. The LG Report wishes you all the best in 2012, may it be your happiest year yet!"
"Potential Insights: Showcases the perceived individual change and improvement in various fields like character, athletics and relationships to other people (professional, socially etc.)."
"I apologize for this picture-heavy post ... I just liked my pictures (wow, I feel really weird saying that), and I didn't know how to edit them down. They made me smile when I looked at them, and I kind of needed that."
"What hobbies do you have that you are a wee bit of an overachiever about? I have a tendency to do this with all my hobbies. I’m sure there is a name for this disease."
"Beat egg whites and salt until stiff, but not dry, and pile on toast slices. Make a well in the centre of each pile of egg white. Slip yolk into each well. Top with 1/2 tsp. butter or margarine."
"Crystalwinds explains how this controversy was regarded in ancient Egypt: “… snakes were certainly not seen always a threatening creatures in ancient Egypt, as they seem to have been in other societies. In fact, they were frequently seen as protective and it was Mehen, another snake deity who helped protect the sun god in the underworld. Likewise, it was the cobra goddess Wadjet who helped protect the king.”"
"Making best use of your investing fund is ideally desired but Not always possible. Still You can plan your investment in stock markets by taking best stocks of Indian markets using an effective investing strategy. Putting good money control practice in place is real need of this hour."
"I’m not expecting your SuperPAC to return the money. You’re going to need every dime to hang on to your presidency. Ahahahaha! You do know your party is going to nominate Mitt Romney, right? Or maybe Rick Santorum? Or maybe, just maybe, your dimwit quitter of a mother. Yeah, that's going to be a tough campaign! Hahahahahaha!"
"THE STRAW THAT WE PLACED INSIDE THE COVERS FOR THE WINTER DID A GREAT JOB, AS THERE APPEARS TO BE NO CONDENSATION ON THE INSIDE COVER OF THE HIVE. THE BLUE STYROFOAM INSULATION ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE HIVE ON THE NORTH AND NORTHEAST SIDE WAS REALLY EFFECTIVE ALSO."
"Here is a photo of what I came up with."
"My opinion from being raised in a double digit family. No one raised in one ever wants to have one because they know how totally unfair it is to each child. And that woman – she is a birther not a mother – did it intentionally for selfish gain. She intentionally chose to neglect the six children she already had in order to fulfill her delusional fantasy. She intentionally created eight more lives when she couldn’t care for the six she had already created in a laboratory."
"I mean, she was this big fat baby the size of a sack of potatoes. Come on, now."
"But why did we need a new standard?"
"I felt her presence, by its spell of might,"
"Next night the same thing happens. Exactly the same thing. Except he calls down and tells me that he's reading to Punky and JoNo both. Hmmmm. Okay, fine. Finish the story and then go to bed. All goes well."
"Throwing a bartender in the mix acts as a buffer for both the customer and the dancer. The bartender acts as the middleman, the innocent party if you will. While the customer and dancer are busy sizing each other up, the bartender is busy lubricating the newly acquainted couple with alcohol. The customer knows that the odds are in his favor. His wallet can have any girl he desires in the strip club. But he knows that the one girl he doesn't stand a chance of being able to have an intimate, one-on-one interaction with is the female bartender. If the female bartender plays her cards right by flashing a few smiles and having a friendly chat with the customer, the customer's desire is more likely to leave her a bigger tip."
"and recordings of soundings"
"Steve Villani brought Gulden Draak (draft and bottle) and Wittekerke. Gulden Draak was a really great beer. A very dark beer with sweet citrus aromas. The sip began with malty sweetness with some spicy alcohol flavors. There was a sweet aftertaste as well that faded slowly. The Gulden Draak draft, which undergoes a second fermentation in the keg tasted more mature and developed. Both were very good. Witterkerke was a good beer but nothing incredibly special. It poured a pale yellow and contained aromas of lemon zest and other citrus fruits. Fruity flavors surround the mouth as well and cause a nice mix with the medium bodied beer. Some yeast flavors are present as well."
"Dad ordered a Petit plate, which consist of your choice of meat and two sides. Dad chose the Corned Beef with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables. It totally looked like something his German step-mother would have made, and many a dinner I had at her and Grandpa's home growing up. He must of liked it as he polished it all off. I myself wondered what a regular plate would be like as this one was far from petit in portion. It also came with a roll and butter."
"1 resembling"
"So here's what's happening: On Saturday/Cinco de Mayo/Beer bong day/Kentucky Derby, four authors have agreed to a second running of last year's THE BET."
"Truthfully, episode 2 was more of the same and didn’t really move the story along. Instead, it attempted to make us believe that it really is possible for these two characters to be stuck in such an unintentional scandal."
"Mugabe gave a two-and-a-half-hour-long keynote address which took the conference into the night."
"While the wait was a tad bit long (no reservations are taken after 6), our group of 4 was seated in the back near the kitchen."
"AND what a surprise this wonderful theatre was...and WHY I've never been before I really can't think..."
"Would probably be good with two pumps of vanilla syrup as a sweetener."
"Went to visit Ma later in the evening, she also had a great night out on Friday, got home at 3A.M! (Later than me.) :¬)"
"Drag queens, gender queer activists and cross dressing males don't speak for us."
"We submit herewith some comments concerning your upcoming roundtable discussion, scheduled for February 9th, at which you will be establishing a final plan for the handling of the topic of Rollkur/Hyperflexion."
"Simple. :P"
"A few weeks ago, I was lucky enough to have coffee with my lovely friend Hailey, who lives way too far away from me these days. Hailey and I met last summer when we were both Auschwitz Jewish Centre fellows. We bonded very quickly, for many reasons: Shabbat, Israel, fear of flying, obsession with the hunger games, and of course, our somewhat morbid fascination with all things Holocaust."
"Early this morning, I found a new YouTube video from AronRa: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S-X2gzzoOI. Please watch it. You will, when the “punchline” comes, recognized that here is a man of enormous personal strength. The “punchline” is that his three and a half year old granddaughter died Dec. 19 of cancer, after a heroically brave battle and virtually lifelong. Watch to the end of the video, and you’ll even get a glimpse of her, complete with the sound of her voice. She was precious, and she was certain to have been a Hitchling, barely hatched long enough to be fully loved before being lost."
"It is apparent that there is no death."
"-Prosit!"
"In fact, the agency can only have got to be any good because of the zen-like ability of its creative directors to weather the inconsistencies of their clients' behaviour, as well as that of whatever minor muse it is that caters to advertising creatives."
"And that is exactly what Hannah and I did today! We were literally in Belgium for a grand total of five minutes."
"Being a Mum today is hard enough. Let's cut ourselves some slack and be there for the highs and the lows."
"Presented by Sierra Club Prairie Chapter and Alberta Public Research Interest Group."
"Until Germans realize the scale of the negative consequences they will face in the case of a eurozone break-up, resistance to swallowing the debts of peripheral nations is likely to continue."
"It’s dark outside. She stops the car after a few minutes and gets out. She tosses me a treat."
"\"Celebrate Halloween!\""
"And you know what the worst thing is? There is no widespread outrage about it!"
"and a sylvan hill."
"50. Restoring Harmony Joelle Anthony"
"I hope this is food for thought, and that something may come out of it. We've talked about it for years - lets actually do something. Lets show respect for other licensees, even if we don't agree with their priorities, and lets use our authority as the only group that only speaks for licensees to get our point across clearly. And lets do it democratically, honestly and above board. The time for the tide to change is now - and nobody else will work for our livelihoods."
"It pains me to admit it because Burton more than anyone else gave comic book based movies legitimacy with 1989’s Batman in spite of the fact he snobbishly announced he had never read a comic book in his life. I was afull fledged comic book fanatic at the time, so I was part of that group always upset that comic book based movies were usually terribly campy. Batman was the best we had ever seen thus far, so we overlooked its many flaws up until the genre really started soaring with Sam Raimi’s spider-Man series and Chris Columbus’ X-Men along with Chris Nolan’s Batman rivival that blew Burton off the radar. We were finally free to admit he did not do a very good job with the Caped Crusader all those years ago."
"At Christmas time, we went to a home game at BYU and made all the kids (and my niece) \"Jimmer\" t-shirts (and even got autographs on them after the game!):"
"Swinimer intends to be there, reportedly planning to wear his favourite shirt."
"I'm going to be throwing pots, and packing pots this afternoon and then off to dance tonight! So I'll leave you with this poem by Mary Oliver"
"After hearing all this, I couldn't lie wider awake that night if I tried, and as soon as dawn came, I got up and started back for my master's house, as if the devil himself were after me. When I came to the spot where the clothes were turned to stone, there was nothing to be seen but a few spots of blood on the ground. At last when I got home, there was my bold soldier stretched out on his bed, bleeding like a bull, and a doctor bandaging up his neck. It was only then I knew he was a were-wolf, and from that day to this, I couldn't bring myself to break bread with him — no, not if you were to kill me."
"If we were to start appreciating the little things that make our lives worth living, boredom will surely not get us tonight!"
"The smoking ban in pubs has never been supported by a majority of the population"
"“Graham states that the main reason for becoming a director in Grosvenor House Publishing was because of his own experience of self-publishing his first novel, Shadowmancer.”"
"In the midst of meandering,"
"The area"
"Fantastic news! The Society of Independent Brewers (SIBA) has been honoured by Brewdog. \"Welcome aboard\" we say."
"I sat in the middle of the couch with the long coffee table parallel to it in front of me. My injured foot was propped up on a pillow on the table to my far left. My normal leg was positioned the same way to my right. Slowly, I’d lean toward each side with my arm outstretched in front of me, toward my foot, or over my head. I’d relax back to take a break, then tuck in my tummy, sit up, and repeat. It helped take the pressure off my lower spine and loosen my shoulders, in addition to stretching my legs and arms."
"A feisty beauty tempted by a bold Highlander’s touch…When a plane crash strands brilliant scientist Grace Sutter on an icy mountaintop in Maine, she finds herself alone in the wilderness with the only other surviving passenger — Greylen MacKeage,a sexy, medieval warrior who’s been tossed through time to find the woman he’s destined to love. Forced together to survive the harsh, wintry landscape, neither expects the fierce passion that flares between them. But Grace is not used to letting her heart take control, and Greylen will settle for nothing less than her heart’s surrender…."
"All superb...thank you to you all"
"The health benefits of the Rowing Fisherman are simply astounding. Evidence? This statement is based on pure logic. As a Tai Chi practitioner for more than thirty years I have ensured that the movements have all the qualities of Tai Chi. But in addition:-"
"-Potassium regulates the intra-cellular osmotic pressure; its deficiency decreases the acidity of urines, may alter the nervous and muscular functionality and if the deficiency continues for a long period, it may cause anatomic lesions to the heart’s tissue."
"He taught Janie to cook and how to do a whole lot of other things. She was even able to get her much needed high school equivalency diploma and then went on to the community collage."
"Julia Cameron also talks a lot about this, in her well-loved guide to creativity, The Artist's Way. As I understand it, Cameron originally wrote it for creative artists who were stuck, who were not doing their art anymore. The idea was to actually acknowledge the stuckness, to almost embrace it (morning pages), then begin to give yourself creative alternatives. Try new things, let go of how we \"should\" be doing it. Only then can the imagination stir, buzz inside us, give us those ideas that might lead to a breakthrough. Cameron very gently assigned readers a weekly artist date: to spend an hour exploring something completely unknown."
"Please mail your submissions to:"
"Do you want your health and soul to propser? Yes or No"
"Looks like Treasury has won in its bid to have its dealings with NAMA subjected to a judicial review. That being the case, it will be bad news for NAMA and we may indeed see the constitutionality of some of NAMA’s actions tested."
"I wanted to ask a member of staff if he was supposed to be doing that, but he looked harmless enough… Something like a mental patient on day release. I then saw an actual bearded lady in Tesco rifling through the discounted shelf."
"This is called Pantheism. Briefly stated it is the belief that we are all one. It is not true because you and your pet dog or cat are not connected! You may love your pet, but you are not your pet and your pet is not you. This philosophy is the basis of Hinduism and I believe that it is a lie. We are not all one…period!"
"it still reminds us of what brought us together in the first place. lots of playing. lots of fun."
"Ariana, caught in a deadly battle of her own, is neither the soulless creature Kougar believes her to be, nor the savior he seeks. And when darkness threatens to annihilate both races, the greatest danger of all becomes the glorious love Kougar and Ariana once shared. A love that must never rise again. A love that has never died."
"I'm the first to admit I have been fortunate, some would say spoiled, to be able to spend so many years at home. I made good use of much of that time but I also wasted a lot of it. I don't have that luxury anymore."
"Kelly was wearing a short union jack miniskirt!!!"
"These Easter holidays have been characterised by a lack of childcare. I’ve filled the gaps with uneasy solutions, whole days with less loved adults. I’m grateful to these less loved adults but also to our school friends who have provided answers to the sheer boredom of these arrangements…of course I’ll drive over and take him swimming…don’t worry it’s only an hour out of our way….my child would love to see Tempest."
"I desire to be with you, myself is what I supplied"
"A bonus occurred while in pursuit of knowledge about cooking, in that it inadvertently slopped over (sorry) into other facets of her education. The fact has concerned me that hovering on the precipice of high school next year parts of her education seem to be incomplete for approaching this level, and even more shocking, she is not the only one. Is it just me or is our educational system falling down like a drunken sailor in an alley? They seem to have no need to tell time in the conventional sense, as every device provides it digitally. Also, they seem to view math as a completely unnecessary skill unless aspiring to be a CPA or mathematician, a point of view to which I’ve interjected some thoughts from an opposing side of the coin as often as possible without shifting into lecture mode."
"1/4 Cup Low Fat Buttermilk"
"KILLING THE ELF"
"“I’m a huge fan of her accomplishments and think she’s a huge role model in some ways, but I think she’s overly critical of women because she’s almost implying that they don’t have the juice, the chutzpah, to go for it,” said Sylvia Ann Hewlett, president of the Center for Talent Innovation, a research organization on work-life policy, and director of the Gender and Policy Program at Columbia University."
"There were two aspects that surprised me. First, when I began researching Titanic: Voices from the Disaster I had no idea there was such an active group of amateur historians from around the world involved in the Titanic. I was able to call on this community for invaluable assistance. I also was surprised to learn how many controversies about the ship’s sinking are still being discussed and I tried to hint at some of these in the book."
"If, unlike me, you don’t have a yellow streak a mile wide running down your back you might be interested in checking out a playable verion of the new Colonial Marines game at the MCM Expo."
"Every year we head to the Texas Gulf coast for a long weekend. I seem to have yearly posts on the trip (although we've been going many more years than I've been blogging!) and it's fun to look back. I was shocked, however, to realize how easily Sammy took to the sand and the water the past couple of years because this year, from the very first step off the end of the boardwalk, he had an absolute phobia of sand."
"Do you comment to comments via email ever? If so, help me try to talk everyone into enabling their email in the comments. Then I don't have to speak for you when it comes to the whole non-nefarious uses thing. :)"
"Welcome to my life."
"How has doing a yearlong/daily project affected your life? I'm only a month and a bit into the project so the affect is having hasn't really kicked in yet."
"A little like Jo Walton’s Mor, who picks up I Capture the Castle thinking it’s about medieval siege strategy but finds a delightful novel instead, I picked up The Green Man in the hopes of reading more along the lines of the Arthurian trails I’ve been following with my middle son. The Green Man is, in fact, the name of a bookstore, so while I did not get what I was looking for, I got what I wanted."
"Sumner’s Falls is a section of the Connecticut River in Hartland, VT. Not a waterfall, as the name suggests, but a stretch of whitewater popular among kayakers. An old logging road provides access to the remote spot."
"3. Tommy Makem Fantasy"
"My inspiration for this card was MME's Blog Challenge 32: Card Sketch. The theme for the challenge was \"you\". When I went to sew the pocket yesterday, my sewing machine was all messed up so I spent a good part of last night trying to self-diagnose the problem (to no avail) and then ended up at the craft store this morning to have a repair guy look at it. Turns out a little spring was just out of place and everything was fine. Whew! I even bought new thread so the pocket looked more authentic. If I can figure it out, I will create a file with the pocket pattern and make it available for everyone."
"He did none of the things"
"When the roast was done, I put it on a carving board to rest, and put the pan on two burners, and added another 1/4 cup of water to deglaze, then made a slurry of a tablespoon each of cornstarch and balsamic vinegar and poured it in, stirring. Things thickened up pretty quickly, and when it started bubbling, I pulled it off the heat. I sliced the pork in thin slices, arranged them in two concentric circles on a warm plate, and poured the sauce and whole onions in the middle. Then I popped the cork on a bottle of Unibroue Blonde de Chambly, and the whole thing was quite delish!"
"While writing about her visit with her grandparents and thinking about her dreams and such, Dorothy starts to allow snippets of reminiscences: her room at home and the ship's cabin; her frightening dream of melting faces and her visit to Madame Tussaud's wax museum; the freedom and joy of her visit versus the perennial admonitions of Miss Pugh of all things inappropriate, unsuitable, outrageous and vulgar. And we learn that Dorothy had never wanted Miss Pugh to die. In fact, Dorothy blames herself for her chaperone's death."
"Her kingdom is still to come."
"Over the year, tweeting with Scots lawyers @loveandgarbage and @PeatWorrier – which can be a (pleasingly) surreal experience – I have started to take a keen interest in Scots Law and, from there, the writings of many good Scots law bloggers from the very experienced practitioners and academics to the keen and knowledgeable law students…"
"\"Squack. He touched me!!!!!!!\""
"Now through Mother's Day get 10%-25% off select items in my shop! I've actually reduced prices on about half of my items! So it's a great time to buy!"
"Their 1813 uniforms were quite straight forward… covered shakos, Prussian Blue Kollet jackets with red collars and cuffs as well as a Kummerbund edged in red and red piping to their grey overall trousers. The “saddlecloth” was black wool skin with red edging. Now what caused me some problems were their shoulder boards. There is a Knötel and Lezius Sturm cigarette card depicting a trooper from the Brandenburg Uhlanen with red shoulder boards."
"Keep your eye on this one. Rather than the rococo climate models, brimming with epicyclic escape clauses, \"gridding\", \"adjusting\", and \"smoothing\", you have a simple hypothesis that maps very, very closely to a data set that stretches back a half billion years."
"The flower looks Chinese."
"I wanted to throw in that AK-47s might be the real reason bayonets aren’t today’s most popular killing machine, but I restrained myself. It was thrilling; the boys were completely silent."
"Face in hands"
"Brown Marmorated Stink Bug"
"Magari tutti camminano."
"circumstances without having any doubt in your heart. When Jesus said here,"
"07. Hazing"
"Give this dish a try! It's sooo delicious and super easy to make. I think a lot of people shy away from making their own Alfredo sauce because it seems a bit intimidating. But actually, it's really easy and practically comes together on its own."
"A ten month experiment in naturalism - specifically in exploring my genetic hair growth patterns unimpeded by social convention or personal intervention - ended today..."
"20th – 23rd May THE ECLIPSE OF THE SUN and the NEW MOON with a possibly uncanny level of coincidences of the best kind. (Probably ignored should we be clinging-on to an out-dated mindset.)"
"And morning naps."
"The drive from Northern Nevada to the Phoenix area of Arizona was relatively uneventful, save getting accosted in a gas station in Blythe by a beggar who claimed to be out of both gas and money. You always have to wonder about people like that. How did they get into the situation of being stranded, assuming they are telling the truth? Didn't they plan ahead? Do they survive through pan-handling? Are they running away from home on impulse? Have they escaped from prison and stolen a vehicle and ran out of gas? Who knows, but being a woman traveling alone, I wasn't about to whip out my purse and wallet and start counting out the cash in front of this stranger."
"She went to multiple colleges as an undergraduate, which shows how flighty and immature she is, unlike Barack Obama, who went to multiple colleges as an undergraduate, which shows the inquisitive nature of his intelligence, which has been such an inspiration, at least to everyone who was born with a silver spoon in his mouth."
"Ngozi-Okonjo Iweala"
"If you're consciously trying to cut your sugar intake, you could probably cut the sugar back to half a cup as this is pretty sweet. The graham crackers and coconut both add sweetness in addition to the sugar. I will probably try less sugar then next time around."
"The following weekend features the second half of the Kanto Regional University Championships and the second round of regional corporate track championships, with the East Japan region weighing in as the toughest at the corporate level. Look also for the second edition of the Gifu Seiryu Half Marathon, where Mathathi and Kawauchi return as the top invited men. Overseas, with support from JRN Suehiro Ishikawa and Takahiro Yamanaka, teammates of 10000 m world champion Ibrahim Jeilan at Honda, will run the Great Manchester Run 10 km along with the likes Haile Gebrselassie (Ethiopia) and Patrick Makau (Kenya)."
"Firstly, unschoolers can definitely get into university. Unschooling is considered by universities to be under the wider banner of homeschooling, and as I think everyone here probably already knows, most universities have a special protocol set up for homeschoolers at this point, and some universities are even specifically seeking out homeschoolers, including unschoolers. Last time I heard, homeschoolers still aren’t able to easily get into CEGEP, if at all, though I’m sure the workshop on legalities of homeschooling in Quebec would have more to say on that subject."
"Even if that doesn't ring true"
"So here's the deal, loyal remaining bloggers. If you would like to be in at the start and invest in this limited edition indie album, it's £10 plus £2 P&P, and for you guys I'll include one of the real wood propelling pencils which are included in the press/DJ packs (apparently you have to include freebies to get anywhere), because you're special. And if you ask, Kirsty will sign it for you, ready to sell on eBay when she's famous."
"So, as you walk about today, viewing parades and shaking the hand of those that serve, try to remember that they are the true saviours of your freedoms; not some politician. For, unlike those in the service of making laws they themselves are not accountable to, a soldier is one willing to serve, and yes, even die, in support of those laws without the benefit of many of the freedoms provided to the American citizen."
"She open Joon’s novel to begin reading it and it’s interesting that he starts it by stating that everyone has secrets. It’s the same thought Mi Roo had expressed earlier. He writes it from the point of view of the main character, Miss Jo, and she reads it all in one sitting. It prompts her to write up a proposal to publish the novel as a series."
"Starting with the foyer art I finally hung. I went out and bought some command strips, since these particular frames have a flat back and the hook and nail made it stick out from the wall. It all worked out in the end:"
"Examining the situation the friend remarked as usual, \"This is good!\" To"
"Progressive educators like Monica Rankin at the University of Texas at Dallas recognize the value of fostering such connections and encourage students to use tools like Twitter throughout the semester — training them to seek out connections that will broaden and deepen their intellectual inquiry."
"in supermarket aisles,"
"want some free customized stickers? - i mean WHO doesn't LOVE stickers? - we all are a kid at heart and well we all like to make everything have our own personal touch - this is your chance to win custom stickers to make all your holiday gifts, personal mail, ect. be extra special and stand out from the crowd!!!"
"Nobody was truly at fault here"
"Once you are in the total KNOWING that you ARE ONE with SUBSTANCE, you are totally Independent of any monetary restraints as all that you have need of will flow freely to you in such great abundance that you will not have room enough to store it."
"Burke apologizes for keeping Hibbs in the dark, but it was necessary to the operation; Hibbs is not dissembler enough to have been able to play a role. Hibbs sheepishly admits that he now wishes he'd taken \"Colonel Yates's\" advice and gone to bed. It would have saved everyone a lot of trouble -- especially himself."
"Calorific Diet Tracker shows your ratio vs. ideal ratio and uses a three color traffic light system to keep you aware of what you are eating and how to immediately make modifications."
"4/14/12: Josh Brolin/Gotye: You all may have forgotten that Josh Brolin has already hosted once before. What with Sarah Palin and Mark Wahlberg stopping by, as well Brolin’s W director Oliver Stone commandeering his monologue, as well as musical guest Adele having her first big break, there wasn’t much memorable from that episode that actually featured the host (except for that “I’m No Angel” sketch with a very pregnant Amy Poehler that keeps inexplicably being included in SNL clip shows). Brolin seems like a nice guy, and he’s a fine actor, but, in my estimation, he doesn’t quite have the the temperament for sketch comedy. Hopefully, the writing will be solid."
"“I have been diagonalized with Breast and Blood disease which has defiled all forms of medical treatment.”"
"Japan"
"Clear/Water even"
"Traditionally pork ribs are used but I used chicken instead to better promote this delicious dish to my Muslim readers. The broth is the soul of the dish so do be patient and wait for the rewarding result."
"The reason I seem to concentrating on the resurrection body, is not so much to prove what the resurrection body will be, although that naturally becomes a part of the mix, the real reason for the focus is to show the location of that resurrection body. If the location of the resurrection body can be identified beyond reasonable doubt, this naturally will tell us where the seat of that government would have to logically exist, so I do see this as an important aspect of figuring out where the holy ones will rule from, either heaven or earth."
"10. Dog or cat person?"
"В гостях у козлов и Далай Ламы Mitchell Bard: Iran, Israel and the United States — What History Tells Us Outrageous: Catherine Ashton compares murder of Jewish children in France with deaths of ‘Palestinian’ children in Gaza EU’s Catherine Ashton compares kids murdered in France with Gaza"
"Over the Holidays Audrey has been growing and changing so fast. She has started crawling and she is quick as lightning! I'm chasing her all over the house as she chases what ever catches her fancy. It's busy work!"
"15 Never Stop"
"I was describing at Knit Knite last Wedndesday how one year, in my youth, I realized that nothing changed at midnight 12/31 and so do not wait up for this artificial shift anymore. As a child, I often stayed with my cousins on Long Island that day. Aunt Flora sent us out with kitchen utensils and pots banging the New Year in which I found a lot of fun. I loved staying with them as they had a dog, Midnight, I could feed and love while there."
"The first floor accommodates the master bedroom and the child’s room; however, the family spends most of their time on the second floor."
"1t. Connor Bubolo (Lk) 25, 1t. Nick Belger (Lk) 25, 3. Keenan Baltunis (Lk) 33, 4. Kelsey Scolfied (Hd) 40, 5. James Olsen (Hd) 42, 6. Chris Hickson (Lk) 49, 7. Cory Zouzias (Hd) 49, 8. Kevin Sawlewr (Lk) 49, 9. Connor Yankowvich (Hd) 51, 10. Eric Rizzi (Hd) 56."
"After the movie is through its my hope that people watching it would think to themselves, “that was pretty cool” and hopefully have a different perspective about the game and community. I’m not trying to say that baseball players are “badasses” that fight all the time; I just wanted to show some of the games more exciting moments."
"Art Direction: Dante Ferretti, Francesca Lo Schiavo, Hugo"
"Tamiki: I guess we're all happy today."
"He wrote arrangements for, among others, Paul Whiteman, Louis Prima, and Lionel Hampton. His song writing hits include \"Let Me Off Uptown\" recorded by Anita O'Day."
"Who are these people that wear shoes in their own house? Creepy. Ever accidentally done the splits because of a Pledgey spot on the floor? Me neither. My mother used to clean the kitchen table with Pledge and when she would call us down for supper (in Canada, we say SUPPER), we would come running down, excited, and then go flying across the floor like some kind of linoleum Slip N’ Slide. Except instead of a refreshing pool at the end, it was an open oven. That’s actually how we lost our cat, Mr. Majestyk. In retrospect we should have called him Mr. Tender N’ Delicious. I’m kidding, we didn’t eat him. But he ruined our fucking lasagna."
"So here goes; little girl born trapped in a boys body, until going to primary school little girl enjoys playing in the sun, making perfume, sitting with her mother, grows hair long, it is the sixties so no one cares, loves the sun on her face, adores her father, finds it odd that boys want to play football with her, but remains happy, goes on to primary school, enjoys sitting by the fish pond looking for myths and legends, sends a valentines card to Scottish boy with dark mop of hair, parents complain, little girl does not understand why they keep calling her an odd boy, things change, people force little girl to act in a different way, hears father saying he is embarrassed about her, the end."
"ICI reports fixed income mutual funds receiving inflows of $5.1 billion for the week ended June 15th. Fixed income is on such a tear that the cumulative total since 2007 has now reached a new high ($813 billion). Meanwhile, the cumulative total for domestic equity mutual funds has sunk close to its previous low (-$331 billion)."
"Deep love and emotions. Guilty as charged. I only know how to feel deeply. I have no shallow attachments. That's why it's hard when I miss loved ones who live far away from me. That's why I was present at the hospital for my dad, and just now for my gram and my father-in-law as they moved on from this life and passed to the other side. My love is a love to the end. To the last breath."
"11. Ace Pear Cider - Sweet and Yummy. Grade 3 Burps."
"I think that the dishwasher is a magnet for most children. Well it is no different for our little man. Any time the dishwasher door is down, he is right there. He really thinks it is funny to climb on it."
"Published in the Big Issue In The North, March 12 2012"
"Booking Through Thursday is a weekly meme that asks you a bookish question. Sometimes the questions are rather easy to answer and other times they are rather difficult and you really have to think about the answer. Kind of like this week's question."
"Of sexual immorality."
"Total Cost: $3.62"
"Yes, it’s a little odd to have a movie that is equal parts Frankenstein and Hunchback of Notre Dame on a Christmas movie list…but like I said, there’s this odd crossover of Halloween and Christmas in movies…and this movie is simply too touching to be in the Halloween list (oh admit it, you cry when watching Winnona Ryder dance in the snow too)."
"One of the highlights of the party is the toljabee (picking). We lay out several different items and have the baby pick from it. Whatever he/she picks determines what’s in store for their future. These are the items we laid out -"
"Sadly, this is the image that many non-writers have of those who do what I do. Quite apart from the fact that I never get up at 5am and have no dog or wife, I do wonder when these 10-hour-a-day novelists (usually novelists) ever did all the other things that aren't writing. Let me list some of them, in the rough chronological order of the life of a book - all except the actual writing:"
"The only problem? Well, I have to finish my Driver’s Ed course first. And a history project that I’m doing with a friend. And convince my mom that I’m not taking on too much. And find the money. And…and…and…"
"Ink-Stampin Up garden green"
"And where does a bug like this come from? The part of the program appears completely unchanged to me. Why would something that worked fine in the prior version and is apparently unchanged suddenly have a bug? A million to one shot based on my configuration? I guess I'll never know. But if Intuit suddenly decides to send me a fat check for my time, I certainly won't complain. (Hint, hint.)"
"Moffatt’s book wasn’t bad (and how can I call the text of the gospels—even rearranged—bad!). I can certainly see how it provides an important service to people who otherwise might not pick up a bible. But its service is that of the crutch—it can get you by, but is no substitute for real legs. The gospels are the real legs."
"Quick post!"
"Tape measure"
"The figures are for the fiscal year that ends March 31, 2011. In addition, the government has spent $6.4-million to “provide dedicated resources to the investigation and disruption of human smuggling networks.” Almost half that amount went to the RCMP while the rest was spent by the CBSA, Privy Council, Foreign Affairs and National Defence."
"Almighty God, maker of heaven and earth and all that is in it,"
"Please add your Tea Time Tuesday Post's URL address,"
"I have to say, they really don't feel all that different from the Acuvue Define that I occasionally wear. Although I do feel my eyes getting a bit dry after about 4-5 hours. It's nothing a couple of eye drops doesn't soothe. (FYI, I have very dry eyes anyway, so I have prescription eye drops)"
"The former has called for the word “pariah” to be removed from the novel or for its withdrawal altogether from the syllabus."
"The CDC states: \"Only specific fluids (blood, semen, vaginal secretions, and breast milk) from an HIV-infected person can transmit HIV. These specific fluids must come in contact with a mucous membrane or damaged tissue or be directly injected into the blood-stream (from a needle or syringe) for"
"we'll just have to wait and see...."
"By no means was he handed his Firemans Hat – he had to apply with thousands of other applicants to even get through to the first round. It’s quiet a process and many miss out. To ensure he achieved his dream of becoming a Firie he has had to apply himself from the get go and was putting in the extra physical training needed to ensure he would pass the physical test required to become a Fireman. He trained day in day out carrying heavy things, practicing his balancing, climbed step after step – flight after flight at his local car park with a heavy back pack – he applied himself whole heatedly to ensure that come Graduation Day he was walking out of there a Fireman."
"3. When The World Was Young"
"Here is one dish that you can fuse this glorious vegetable with tofu."
